THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURE

1960

being those which received the Royal Assent during that year having been passed in the First or Second Session of the Forty-second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and during the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty QUEEN ELIZABETH THE SECOND with

Tables of the Short Titles and of the Effect of Legislation and an Index

Printed by Sir John Rouohton Simpson, c.b. Controller of Her Majesty’s Stationery Office and Queen's Printer of Acts of Parliament

LONDON

HER MAJESTY’ STATIONERY OFFICE 1961

PRICE £3 Os. NET

CONTENTS

Page

Table I: Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1960 ... c

Table II: Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1960 ... e

The Public General Acts of 1960—

8 & 9 Eliz. 2, cc. 10-69 1

9 Eliz. 2, cc. 1-6 1127

Table III: The Short Title of the Church Assembly Measure of 1960 ... i

The Church Assembly Measure of 1960—

8 & 9 Eliz. 2, No. 1 ii

Tablb IV: Effect of Legislation xii

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measure of 1960 lxxxi

c

TABLE I

Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1960

Page

Abandonment of Animals Act tc. 43) 418

Administration of Justice Act (c. 65) 1070

Administration of Justice (Judges and Pensions) Act (9 Eliz. 2, c. 3) ... 1129

Adoption Act (c. 59) 759

Air Corporations Act (c. 13) 19

Appropriation Act (c. 45) 518

Betting and Gaming Act (c. 60) 759

British North America Act (9 Eliz. 2, c. 2) 1128

Building Societies Act (c. 64) 1001

Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act (c. 62) 923

Charities Act (c. 58) 689

Cinematograph Films Act (c. 14) 19

Civil Aviation (Licensing) Act (c. 38) 689

Clean Rivers (Estuaries and Tidal Waters) Act (c. 54) 631

Coal Industry Act (c. 17) 280

Commonwealth Teachers Act (c. 40) 413

Consolidated Fund Act (c. 10) 1

Corporate Bodies' Contracts Act (c. 46) 582

Cyprus Act (c. 52) 617

Distress for Rates Act (c. 12) 4

Dock Workers (Pensions) Act (c. 39) 412

European Free Trade Association Act (c. 19) 302

Expiring Laws Continuance Act (9 Eliz. 2, c. 4) 1133

Films Act (c. 57) 655

Finance Act (c. 44) 419

First Offenders (Scotland) Act (c. 23) 330

Foreign Service Act (c. 11) ... 2

Game Laws (Amendment) Act (c. 36) 383

Gas Act (c. 27) 338

Ghana (Consequential Provision) Act (c. 41) 414

a 2

Alphabetical List 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Page

Highlands and Islands Shipping Services Act (c. 31) .. • ... 346

Horticulture Act (c. 22) •. • ... . 310

House of Commons Members’ Fund Act (c. 50) ... ... 615

Indecency with Children Act (c. 33) 350

Indus Basin Development Fund Act (9 Eliz. 2, c. 1) • •« * •. . .. 1127

International Development Association Act (c. 35) • ... 380

Iron and Steel (Financial Provisions) Act (c. 26) ... ... .. 336

Legal Aid Act (c. 28) 338

Local Employment Act (c. 18) ... ... .. 282

Marriage (Enabling) Act (c. 29) 342

Matrimonial Proceedings (Magistrates’ Courts) Act (c. 48) ... 591

Mental Health (Scotland) Act (c. 61) • ... . 811

Merchant Shipping (Minicoy Lighthouse) Act (c. 42) ... ... .. 417

Ministers of the Crown (Parliamentary Secretaries) Act t9 Eliz. 2, c. 6) . .. 1153

National Insurance Act (9 Eliz. 2, c. 5) .. 1135

Nigeria Independence Act (c. 55) ... ... 638

Noise Abatement Act (c. 68) ... ... .. 1122

Occupiers’ Liability (Scotland) Act (c. 30) 343

Offices Act (c. 47) • ... 583

Oil Burners (Standards) Act (c. 53) ... ... 625

Pawnbrokers Act (c. 24) 331

Payment of Wages Act (c. 37) • •. ... 386

Population (Statistics) Act (c. 32) ... ... 348

Professions Supplementary to Medicine Act (c. 66) ... ... .. 1092

Public Bodies (Admission to Meetings) Act (c. 67) . •. ... .. 1117

Public Health Laboratory Service Act (c. 49) ... ... 612

Radioactive Substances Act (c. 34) 352

Requisitioned Houses Act (c. 20) •». ... 307

Road Traffic Act (c. 16) • ... 35

Road Traffic (Amendment) Act (c. 51) • •. ... 616

Road Traffic (Driving of Motor Cycles) Act (c. 69) ... ... .. 1126

Road Traffic and Roads Improvement Act (c. 63) ... ... 967

Statute Law Revision Act (c. 56) ... ... ... 647

Wages Arrestment Limitation (Amendment) (Scotland) Act *c. 21) ... 310

War Damage (Clearance Payments) Act (c. 25) ... ... ... 334

Water Officers Compensation Act (c. 15) ... 34

e

TABLE II

Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1960

Chapter

8 & 9 EHz. 2 Page

*10 Consolidated Fund Act 1

11 Foreign Service Act 2

12 Distress for Rates Act 4

13 Air Corporations Act 19

14 Cinematograph Films Act 19

15 Water Officers Compensation Act 34

16 Road Traffic Act 35

*17 Coal Industry Act 280

18 Local Employment Act 282

19 European Free Trade Association Act 302

20 Requisitioned Houses Act 307

21 Wages Arrestment Limitation (Amendment) (Scotland)

Act 310

22 Horticulture Act 310

23 First Offenders (Scotland) Act 330

24 Pawnbrokers Act 331

*25 War Damage (Clearance Payments) Act 334

*26 Iron and Steel (Financial Provisions) Act 336

27 Gas Act 338

*28 Legal Aid Act 339

29 Marriage (Enabling) Act 342

30 Occupiers’ Liability (Scotland) Act 343

31 Highlands and Islands Shipping Services Act 346

32 Population (Statistics) Act 348

33 Indecency with Children Act 350

34 Radioactive Substances Act 352

35 International Development Association Act 380

36 Game Laws (Amendment) Act 383

37 Payment of Wages Act 386

38 Civil Aviation (Licensing) Act 399

39 Dock Workers (Pensions) Act 412

*40 Commonwealth Teachers Act 413

41 Ghana (Consequential Provision) Act 414

42 Merchant Shipping (Minicoy Lighthouse) Act 417

43 Abandonment of Animals Act 418

* Certified by the Speaker under the Parliament Act, 1911, as a Money Bill

Chronological List

Chapter 8 & 9 Eliz. 44 *45

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

53

54

55

56

57

58

59

60 61 62

63

64

65

66

67

68 69

Chapter 9 Eliz. 2 * 1 2

3

4

5

6

2

Finance Act

Appropriation Act

Corporate Bodies' Contracts Act

Offices Act

Matrimonial Proceedings (Magistrates’ Courts) Act

Public Health Laboratory Service Act

House of Commons Members' Fund Act

Road Traffic (Amendment) Act

Cyprus Act

Oil Burners (Standards) Act

Clean Rivers (Estuaries and Tidal Waters) Act ...

Nigeria Independence Act

Statute Law Revision Act

Films Act

Charities Act

Adoption Act

Betting and Gaming Act

Mental Health (Scotland) Act

Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act ... Road Traffic and Roads Improvement Act

Building Societies Act

Administration of Justice Act

Professions Supplementary to Medicine Act Public Bodies (Admission to Meetings) Act

Noise Abatement Act

Road Traffic (Driving of Motor Cycles) Act

Indus Basin Development Fund Act

British North America Act

Administration of Justice (Judges and Pensions) Act

Expiring Laws Continuance Act

National Insurance Act

Ministers of the Crown (Parliamentary Secretary) Act

Page

419

518

582

583

591

612

615

616 617 625 631 638 647 655 689 759 759 811 923 966

1001

1070

1092

1117

1122

1126

1127

1128 1129 1133 1135 1153

* Certified by the Speaker under the Parliament Act, 1911, as a Money Bill.

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

8 & 9 Eliz. 2.

CHAPTER 10

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and sixty and one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one.

[22nd March, 1960]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of £™f°!b?2'026,032 the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and sixty, the sum of eighty-two million, twenty-six thousand and thirty-two pounds.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund ofgg$76>200 the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply Fund

granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the f£ther*e^of thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and sixty- 3iVSuSf%i. one, the sum of two thousand two hundred and twenty-three million, six hundred and seventy-six thousand and two hundred pounds.

3.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the Power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England the Treasury and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on theto borrow* credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two thousand three hundred and five million, seven hundred and two thousand, two hundred and thirty-two pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and section six

A

2

Ch. 10,11

Consolidated Fund Act, 1960 8 & 9 Euz.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

Short title.

Limit on special increases of superannuation benefits which may be granted in certain cases. 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 35.

of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with any interest payable thereon, out of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund Act, 1960.

CHAPTER 11

An Act to amend the law as to the superannuation benefits which may be granted to or in respect of certain members of Her Majesty’s foreign service.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purposes of any grant after the passing of this Act under section two of the Foreign Service Act, 1943 (which provides that where the employment in Her Majesty’s foreign service of an officer of a grade not lower than that of second secretary is terminated before the retiring age, and the Secretary of State certifies that the termination is desirable in the public interest, there may be granted to that officer a superannuation allowance and an additional allowance, together with additional amounts by way of special increases added to those allowances), in subsection (2) of that section the words from " subject " onwards (which limit the amount which may be granted by way of such a special increase) shall cease to have effect, and instead thereof the following provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to any such grant. 2

(2) Any such special increase added to the superannuation or additional allowance—

(a) shall not be such as to bring the amount of that allowance up to an amount higher than that which could have been granted apart from any such increase if at the date of the termination of the officer’s employment he had completed such reckonable service not exceeding forty

1960

Foreign Service , 1960

Ch. 11

3

years as he would have completed if he had continued in reckonable service in the same employment until he attained die age of sixty years; and

(b) shall not exceed whichever is the higher of the following sums, that is to say—

(i) a sum equal, in the case of the superannuation allowance, to one-twelfth or, in the case of the additional allowance, to three-twelfths of the amount of the salary and emoluments upon which the superannuation allowance falls to be computed;

(ii) such sum as may be required to make that allowance equal, in the case of the superannuation allowance, to three-twelfths or, in the case of the additional allowance, to nine-twelfths of the amount of the salary and emoluments aforesaid:

Provided that, for the purposes of any special increase added to the additional allowance granted to an officer to v nom section four of the Superannuation Act, 1935, does not apply, paragraph 25 & 26 Geo. 5.

(a) of this subsection shall have effect as if for the reference c. 23. therein to forty years there were substituted a reference to forty-five years.

(3) Where in consequence of the grant to the officer of the superannuation allowance a pension may fall to be granted under

Part I of the Superannuation Act, 1949, to the widow, or under 12,13 & 14 Part n of that Act to a dependant, of the officer and a special Geo. 6. c. 44. increase is added to that allowance, any amount which apart from this subsection would have been added to the additional allowance by way of special increase shall be abated—

(a) where such a pension to the officer's widow may fall to be granted, by one-third; and

(b) in respect of each nomination by the officer under the said Part D, by an amount equal to four-fifteenths of the appropriate percentage of the amount of the increase apart from this subsection.

(4) In this section—

" the appropriate percentage ", in relation to any nomination under the said Part n, means the percentage determined in accordance with subsection (4) of section nineteen of the said Act of 1949 to be the appropriate percentage for the purpose of a contribution in respect of that nomination under section twenty-two of that Act;

M reckonable service " means service as computed in accordance with the enactments relating to the computation of service for the purpose of determining the amount of a superannuation allowance or additional allowance.

4

Ch. 11, 12

Foreign Service , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Superannuation benefits certain cases of premature retirement

Expenses.

Citation.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 37.

2. Subsections (2) and (3) of section thirty-four of the Superannuation Act, 1949 (which provide that where the employment of a person as a civil servant is terminated at his request after he has attained the age of fifty years but before the retiring age a superannuation allowance and an additional allowance may be granted to that person or, in certain circumstances, a gratuity may be granted to his legal personal representatives) shall apply to a person who is or when last a civil servant was a member of Her Majesty’s foreign service of a grade not lower than that of second secretary as they apply to any other person who is or was a civil servant; and accordingly in subsection (4) of that section (which excludes the application of that section in such a case) for the words " Nothing in this section applies " there shall be substituted the words " Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply ".

3. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums which under any other Act are payable out of moneys so provided.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Foreign Service Act, 1960.

(2) This Act, the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950, and the Superannuation Act, 1957, may be cited together as the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1960.

CHAPTER 12

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Enforcement of payment of rates.

2. Application for warrant of distress.

3. Statement of case on application for warrant.

4. Execution of warrant of distress.

5. Costs of obtaining warrant of distress.

6. Charges for levying distress.

7. Imprisonment in default of sufficiency of distress.

8. Inquiry as to means before issue of warrant of commitment

9. Attendance of defaulter for purposes of inquiry.

10. Abatement of proceedings on payment of rate and costs.

11. Jurisdiction of justices.

12. Service and execution of process.

13. Meaning of " rate " and " charges ".

14. Application to City of London.

15. Repeal and savings.

16. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Forms of Documents.

Second Schedule—Repeals.

1960

Distress for Rates , 1960

Ch. 12

An Act to consolidate, with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949, certain enactments relating to the recovery of rates.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. If any person fails to pay any sum legally assessed on Enforcement and due from him in respect of a rate for seven days after it

has been legally demanded of him, the payment of that sum may, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Act, be enforced by distress and sale of his goods and chattels under warrant issued by a magistrates’ court; and, if there is insufficient distress, he may be liable to imprisonment under the provisions of this Act in that behalf.

2. —(1) The proceedings for the issue of a warrant of distress Application under this Act may be instituted by making complaint before fy y*™11 a justice of the peace and applying for a summons requiring

the person named in the complaint to appear before a magistrates' court to show why he has not paid the rate specified in the complaint.

(2) The forms of complaint and summons in the First Schedule to this Act, or forms to the like effect, may be used in proceedings under this Act

(3) If the person summoned fails to appear in obedience to the summons and it is proved to the magistrates’ court on oath, or in such other manner as may be prescribed by rules under section fifteen of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, that the summons was duly served a reasonable time before the time appointed by the summons for his appearance the magistrates’ court may, if it thinks fit, proceed in his absence as if he had appeared in person in obedience to the summons. 3 * *

3. The justices may state a case under the Magistrates’ Courts statement of Act, 1952, when called upon to issue a warrant of distress under case on this Act application

for warrant

4.—(1) A warrant of distress under this Act may be directed Execution of to the rating authority, to the constables of the police area warrant of in which the warrant is issued and to such other persons, if distress, any, as the magistrates’ court issuing the warrant may think fit, and the warrant shall authorise the persons to whom it is directed to levy the amount which the person against whom the warrant is issued is liable to pay by distress and sale of his goods and chattels.

Distress for Rates Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Costs of obtaining warrantor distress.

Charges for

levying

distress.

CH. 12

(2) The foregoing provisions of this Act shall not affect the operation of any enactment which protects goods and chattels of any class from distress or which restricts in any other maimer the right to obtain a warrant of distress or its execution.

(3) A warrant of distress under this Act may be executed anywhere in England or Wales by any person to whom it is directed or by any constable acting within his police area.

(4) The forms of warrant of distress in the First Schedule to this Act, or forms to the like effect, may be used in proceedings under this Act and, to save expense, one warrant of distress may be issued against any number of persons in default, as in the second of the said forms.

(5) Any person aggrieved by a distress under this Act for a rate may appeal to the next court of quarter sessions for the area where the rate was made and the appeal shall be heard and finally determined in such sessions.

(6) A distress under this Act shall not be deemed to be unlawful on account of any defect or want of form in the rate or assessment or in the warrant of distress and no person making the distress shall be deemed a trespasser on that account.

(7) No person making a distress under this Act shall be deemed to be a trespasser from the beginning on account of any subsequent irregularity in the execution of the warrant of distress, but a person who has sustained special damage by reason of the irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage (and no more) by proceedings in trespass or otherwise.

5. —(1) The magistrates’ court issuing a warrant of distress under this Act may, if it thinks fit, include in the warrant an order that such sum as it may deem reasonable for the costs incurred in obtaining the warrant shall be levied under the warrant

(2) This section shall have effect subject to the restriction on the allowance of costs imposed by the Poor Rates Recovery Act 1862 (which, in a case where several rates of the same or different kinds are due from the same person, authorises their inclusion in one warrant of distress or other document and directs that no costs be allowed if several such documents are used where one would be enough). 6

6. —(1) The Minister of Housing and Local Government may make an order regulating the charges in respect of, and incidental to, the levying of distress for rates; and a warrant of distress under this Act may provide that the charges attending the distress, to the amount authorised by the order, shall be levied under the warrant.

m

Distress for Rates Act, 1960

Ch. 12

7

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, an order under this section may include provision as to charges in cases where, in pursuance of an agreement in that behalf, the goods distrained are not removed from the premises where the distress is levied, whether any person is left in physical possession of the goods or not

(3) An order under this section may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions (including provisions as to the settlement of disputes with respect to any charges to which the order relates) as may appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order.

(4) Any order made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order thereunder and the power of making orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument

7.—(1) If the person charged with the execution of a warrant imprisonment of distress for levying a sum to which some person has been rated makes a return to the magistrates* court that he could find ofd^em. no goods or chattels (or no sufficient goods or chattels) on which to levy the sums directed to be levied under the warrant on that person's goods and chattels a magistrates’ court may, if it thinks fit, and subject to the provisions of the next following section, issue a warrant of commitment against the said person.

(2) A warrant of commitment under this section may be directed to the rating authority, to the constables of the police area in which the warrant is issued and to such other persons, if any, as the magistrates’ court issuing the warrant may think fit; and the warrant may be executed anywhere in England or Wales by any person to whom it is directed or by any constable acting within his police area.

(3) The warrant of commitment shall be made not only for non-payment of the sum alleged to be due for rates but also for—

(a) such costs incurred in obtaining the warrant of distress

as may have been included in the warrant of distress,

(b) the charges attending the distress, and

(c) the costs of commitment,

and the said costs and charges shall be stated in the warrant of commitment

The form of warrant of commitment in the First Schedule to this Act or a form to the like effect may be used in proceedings under this Act.

(4) The order in the warrant of commitment shall be that the said person be imprisoned for a time therein specified but not exceeding three months, unless the sums mentioned in the warrant shall be sooner paid; but if payment is made in accordance with rules under section fifteen of the Justices of the Peace

8 Ch. 12 Distress for Rates , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1949, of part of the said sums mentioned in the warrant, the period of imprisonment shall be reduced by such number of days as bears to the total number of days in the period specified in the warrant less one day the same proportion as the amount so paid bears to so much of the said sums as was due at the time when the period of imprisonment was imposed.

In calculating the reduction required under this subsection any fraction of a day shall be left out of account.

(5) A single warrant of commitment shall not be issued under this section against more than one person.

8.—(1) The last foregoing section shall have effect subject to and in accordance with the following provisions:—

(a) on the application for the issue of a warrant for the commitment of any person, the magistrates’ court shall make inquiry in his presence as to whether his failure to pay the sum to which he was rated and in respect of which the warrant of distress was issued was due either to his wilful refusal or to his culpable neglect;

(b) if the magistrates’ court is of opinion that the failure of the said person to pay the said sum was not due either to his wilful refusal or to his culpable neglect, it shall not issue the warrant

(2) Where on the application no warrant of commitment is issued, the magistrates* court may remit the payment of any sum to which the application relates, or of any part of that sum.

(3) Where on the application no warrant of commitment is issued, the application may be renewed, except so far as regards any sum remitted under the last foregoing subsection, on the ground that the circumstances of the person to whom the application relates have changed.

(4) A statement in writing to the effect that wages of any amount have been paid to a person during any period, purporting to be signed by or on behalf of his employer, shall be evidence of the facts therein stated in any proceedings taken before a magistrates* court under this Act against that person.

9*—(1) For the purpose of enabling inquiry to be made in his presence as to the conduct and means of a person in relation to whom a return of insufficiency of distress has been made as mentioned in subsection (1) of section seven of this Act, a justice of the peace having jurisdiction in the petty sessions area in which the return is made may at any time issue a summons to that person to appear before a magistrates’ court having jurisdiction under this Act and, if he does not appear in obedience to the summons, may issue a warrant for his arrest or, without issuing a summons, issue in the first instance a warrant for his arrest.

Attendance of defaulter for purposes of inquiry.

Inquiry as to means before issue of warrant of commitment.

1960

Distress for Rates , 1960

Ch. 12

9

(21 Where a warrant is issued under this section, then, unless the sum in respect of which the warrant is issued is sooner paid to the police officer holding the warrant, the warrant may be executed in the like manner, and the like proceedings may be taken for the execution thereof, in any part of the United King* dom, as if it had been a warrant of arrest issued under section fifteen of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952.

10,—(1) If after proceedings have been taken under this Act Abatement of against a person to compel payment of any sum for rates, but proceedings not after he has been imprisoned in default of a sufficiency of °° pay?^lt*f distress, that person pays or tenders to the rating authority, or c ana 00€tt' to some other person authorised to receive the rates, the sum sought to be recovered together with the amount of all costs and charges up to that time incurred in the proceedings, the rating authority or other person shall accept the amount so paid or tendered and no further proceedings shall be taken for the recovery thereof.

(2) If after the issue of a warrant of distress under this Act for a rate the person against whom it is issued tenders the amount of the rate before any levy is made, he shall nonetheless be liable to pay the cost of the warrant and of any person to his attendance to make the levy.

11. —(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (1) of section Jurisdiction nine of this Act, justices of the peace may act under the pro- of justices, visions of this Act as respects a rate if they are justices appointed

for an area which comprises the rating area.

(2) Subject to any enactment in any other Act authorising a stipendiary magistrate or other person to act by himself, a magistrates’ court shall not hear a summons for the issue of a warrant of distress under this Act or entertain an application to a warrant of commitment under this Act or hold an inquiry as to means on such an application, except when composed of at least two justices. 12

12. —(1) Any summons authorised to be served under this Act Service and

may be served either: — execution of

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served, proceM*

or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode

of that person, or in the case of a company at its registered office, or <c) by forwarding it by post addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode, or in the case of a company at its registered office, or

(d) by delivering it to some person on the premises to which it relates, or

A*

10

Ch. 12

Distress for Rates Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Meaning ot "rate" and "charges."

Application City of London.

(e) without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this subsection, where the hereditament to which the document relates is a place of business of the person on whom it is to be served, by leaving it at, or forwarding it by post addressed to that person at, the said place of business.

(2) Any summons authorised to be served under this Act on any public authority shall be deemed to be duly served if delivered at or sent by post to the office of the authority addressed to that authority or to their clerk.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the application to the service of documents under this Act of any rules made under section fifteen of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, and the provisions of this Act as to the persons by whom process may be executed shall not affect the operation of section twelve of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1839 (which requires that all summons and warrants issued by a magistrate in the metropolitan police district shall be served and executed by a constable of the metropolitan police force).

13.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression "rate" means the general rate and, in relation to the Inner Temple and the Middle Temple, any rate in the nature of a general rate; and "rated" has a corresponding meaning.

(2) In this Act the expression " charges " includes fees and expenses.

to 14. In relation to rates levied in the City of London, this Act shall have effect with the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) the expression "rate" shall include the poor rate and

the St. Botolph tithe rate, that is to say any rate made and levied by the common council or the corporation of the city under the powers transferred to them by the City of London (Tithes and Rates) Act, 1910; and " rated " shall have a corresponding meaning;

(b) the reference in section one of this Act to a sum legally

assessed on and due from a person in respect of a rate shall include a reference to a sum a person is liable to pay in respect of any rate to which section one hundred and seventy-seven of the City of London Sewers Act, 1848, applies, and references in other provisions of this Act to a sum to which a person has been rated or to the rating or assessment of a person shall be construed accordingly.

1960

Distress for Rates , 1960

Ch. 12

15.—(1) The enactments set out in the Second Schedule to Repeal and this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third 8avu188' column of that Schedule:

Provided thait nothing in this subsection shall affect the operation of the said enactments in relation to proceedings in respect of any rate made before the commencement of this Act.

(2) In so far as any order made under section thirteen of the Rating and Valuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1955, and in force at the commencement of this Act could have been made under section six of this Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal of the said section thirteen effected by the foregoing subsection, but shall have effect as if it had been made under the said section six.

(3) Any document referring to an enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection,—

(a) any enactment which refers to the procedure for

enforcing payment of a poor rate, or to any part of that procedure, shall be construed as referring to the procedure prescribed by this Act, or to the corresponding part of that procedure, and

(b) the reference in Rule 45 of the Magistrates’ Courts

Rules, 1952, to subsection (2) of section sixty-seven of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, shall include a reference to subsection (4) of section seven of this Act.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (3) of section one hundred and twenty-two of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 (under which enactments passed before the sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, may be amended by rules governing the procedure of magistrates’ courts), this Act shall be deemed to have been passed before the said date.

(6) The provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the general application to this Act of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

16.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Distress for Rates Act, Short title, I960 extent and

commence-

(2) This Act (except subsection (2) of section nine) shall not ment* extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, but shall not apply to proceedings in respect of any rate made before that date.

A • 2

12

Ch. 12

Distress for Rates Act, 1960 8 & 9 Buz. 2

Sections 2,4 and 7.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Forms of Documents

A.

Complaint for non-payment of rate In the [county of , Petty Sessional Division

of ].

Hie complaint of [insert name of rating authority or person acting for them] who state that A.B., being a person duly rated and assessed by [them] in a rate made on in die sum of £

has not paid the said sum or any part of k.

Taken before me this day of . 19

JJP.

Justice of the Peace for the [county] first above mentioned. Note.—1. Complaints for non-payment of rates by two or more persons may be combined in a single document.

2. This and the following Forms may be adapted to meet a case where a person is in default as to part only of the sum to which he was rated.

B.

Summons for non-payment of rate In the [county of . Petty Sessional Division

of ].

To A.B., of

Complaint has this day been made to me. the undersigned Justice of the Peace by of in the said [county] of

that you. being a person duly rated and assessed in a rate made on in the sum of £ have not paid

that sum or any part of it:

You are therefore hereby summoned to appear on day the

day of , 19 , at the hour of

in the noon, before the Magistrates' Court sitting at

. to show cause why you have not paid the said sum.

If you do not appear you will be proceeded against as if you had appeared and be dealt with according to law.

Dated the day of . 19

JJP.

Justice of the Peace for the [county] first above mentioned.

NOTE

The under-mentioned costs have already been incurred:—

s.

Clerk to the Court

Rating authority, for obtaining this summons

If the amount of these costs, together with the rate claimed, be paid to [insert name of rating authority] before the day on which this summons is returnable, all further proceedings will be stopped.

1960

Distress for Rates , 1960

Ch. 12

13

C.(l)

Form of Distress Warrant In the [county of , Petty Sessional Division

of ].

To [insert name of rating authority] and to each and aH of the constables of

On . 19 complaint was made

by that A3., being a person duly rated

and assessed in a rate made on . 19 , in the sum of

£ , had not paid that sum or any part thereof:

And on , 19 at

the complainants [and the said A3.] have appeared before the Magistrates’ Court sitting at

[but the said A3, has not so appeared and it has been satisfactorily proved that he was duly served with a summons so to appear]:

And it being now duly proved to the Court on oath [in the presence of the said A3.] that the said A3, was assessed at the sum of £ in a rate dated and duly made and

published and that the said sum has been duly demanded from the said A3, but that he has not paid it:

And the said A3, not showing any sufficient cause for not paying the said sum:

You are hereby commanded forthwith to make distress of the goods and chattels of the said A3, and if within [five] days after the making of the distress the sums set out below (together with the lawful charges for taking and keeping the said distress) are not paid, to sell the said goods and chattels distrained by you and out of the proceeds of the sale to retain the said sums set out below, together with the lawful charges for taking, keeping and selling the said distress, and paying over any balance on demand to the said A3.; and if no such distress can be found you are to certify that fact to the Court

Dated the day of , 19

J3.

Justice of the Peace for the [county] first above mentioned.

Particulars

£ s. .

1. Sum due for rate

2. For costs of obtaining warrant of distress

Total

1st Sch.

14

Ch. 12

Distress for Rates Act, 1960 8 & 9 2

1st Sch.

C. (2)

Form of Distress Warrant against several Ratepayers

In the [county of , Petty Sessional Division

of ].

To [Insert name of rating authority] and to each and all of the constables of

On , 19 complaint was made

by

that the persons whose names are given in the particulars at the foot of this warrant, being persons duly rated and assessed in the respective amounts set out in those particulars by rates made on the dates there set out had not paid those sums or any part thereof:

And on , 19 ,

at

the complainants and [Names of parties who have appeared] have appeared before the Magistrates* Court sitting at [but the [other] persons whose names are given in the particulars at the foot of this warrant have not so appeared and it has been satisfactorily proved to the Court that the said persons not so appearing have been duly served with a summons in that behalf]:

And k being now duly proved to the Court on oath in the presence of the parties so appearing that the said persons named in the said particulars were assessed at the respective amounts there set out by the rates made as there specified and duly published and that those sums have been duly demanded from the said persons respectively but that they have not paid them or any part thereof:

And the said persons not showing any sufficient cause for not paying the said sums:

You are hereby commanded forthwith to make distress of the goods and chattels of the said persons and if within [five] days after the making of the distress the respective sums set out in the said particulars (including in each case the sums for costs there specified and the lawful charges for taking and keeping the said distress) are not paid, to sell the goods and chattels of the parties in default distrained by you and out of the proceeds of sale to retain the respective sums so specified, together with the lawful charges for taking, keeping and selling the distress, and in each case paying over any balance on demand to the person whose goods and chattels have been so sold; and if no such distress can be found in the case of any of the said persons you are to certify that fact to the Court.

Dated the day of , 19 .

J.P.

Justice of the Peace for the [county] first above mentioned.

1960 Distress for Rates , 1960 Ch. 12

Particulars

Name of Ratepayer Residence Rate dated Arrears under rate dated Costs Total

£ s. . £ s. . £ s. . £ s. .

D

Form of Warrant of Commitment in default of Distress In the [county of . Petty Sessional Division

of ].

To each and all of the constables of

and to the Governor of Her Majesty’s prison at

On , 19 , complaint was made

by that A.B., being a person

duly rated and assessed in a rate made on 19

in the sum of £ , had not paid that sum or any part

thereof:

And on , 19 at

die complainants [and the said A.B.] appeared before the Magistrates*

Court sitting at

[but the said A3, did not appear before the Court and it was satisfactorily proved that he was duly served with a summons so to appear]:

And it was duly proved to the Court on oath [in the presence of the said AJ3.] that the said A.B. was assessed at die sum of £ by a rate dated

and duly made and published, and that the said sum had been duly demanded from the said A.B., but that he had not paid it.

And the said A.B. not showing any sufficient cause for not paying the said sum, the Court issued a warrant to commanding them to levy the said sum, together with the sum for the costs of obtaining that warrant set out below, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the said A.B.: And it appearing that no sufficient distress on which to levy the said sums could be found:

15

1st Sch.

16

Ch. 12

Distress for Rates Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. And inquiry having been made by the competent Court in the presence of the said A3, as to whether his failure to pay the said sums was due either to his wilful refusal or to his culpable neglect, and that Court not being of opinion that the failure of the said A3, was not so due:

It is ordered that the said A3, be committed to prison for

unless the said sums together with the further costs and

charges set out below are sooner paid: *

You, the said constables, are hereby required to take the said A.B., and convey him to the Governor of Her Majesty's Prison at

; and you, the said Governor, to receive the said A3, into custody and imprison him for [state period] or until he be sooner discharged in due course of law.

Dated the day of , 19

J.P.

Justice of the Peace for the [county] first above mentioned.

Particulars

s.

1. Sum due for rate

2. For costs of obtaining warrant of distress

3. Sum payable for the fees, charges and expenses

attending the distress

4. Costs of commitment

Total

* Note: The period of detention will be reduced as provided by subsection (4) of section seven of the Distress for Rates Act, 1960, if part payment is made of the sum due.

Section IS.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Repeals

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

43 & 44 Eliz. 1 The Poor Relief Act, 1601 Sections two and seven.

c. 2. 17 Geo. 2. c. 38 The Poor Relief Act, 1743 Sections seven and eight

54 Geo. 3. The Poor Relief Act, 1814 In section twelve the words

c. 170. "rate for the relief of the

2 & 3 Vict. The Metropolitan Police poor* and the words "or highway cess *. Section fifty-one so far as

c. 71. Courts Act, 1839. relates to rates within the

1960

Distress for Rates , 1960

Ch. 12

17

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

11 & 12 Vict c. cbdii.

12 & 13 Vict c. 14.

12 & 13 Vict c. 64.

13 & 14 Vict, c. 57.

The City of London Sewers Act, 1848.

The Distress for Rates Act, 1849.

The Poor Law (Justices Jurisdiction) Act, 1849. The Vestries Act, 1850.

Sections one hundred and ninety-four and one hundred and ninety-six.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

In section seven, except as it applies to church rates, the words from " To prepare and issue the necessary process ’*

15 & 16 Vict c. 38.

25 & 26 Vict, c. 102.

The Justices Jurisdiction Act 1852.

The Metropolis Management Amendment Act,

to 44 such arrears ". The whole Act

Section eighteen.

39 & 40 Vict c. 61.

15 A 16 Geo. 5 c. 90.

1862.

The Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act 1876.

The Rating and Valuation Act 1925.

25 A 26 Geo. 5. The Money Payments c. 46. (Justices Procedure) Act,

1935.

11A12 Geo. 6. The Local Government c. 26. Act 1948.

Sections thirty-one, forty-four and forty-five.

Section fifty-nine so far as relates to any document required or authorised to be sent or served under or for the purposes of this Act.

Sections ten and eleven.

In subsection (4) of section sixteen the words 44 (except subsection (2) of section eleven thereof)".

Subsection (1) of section sixty-three so far as relates to any document required or authorised to be sent or served under or for the purposes of this

15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. c. 55.

Act.

The Magistrates* Courts In section one hundred and Act, 1952. two, subsection (2) so far as it

applies to warrants of distress and warrants of commitment for rates within the meaning of this Act.

In section one hundred and twenty-eight, subsections (1) and (2) so far as relates to proceedings for the recovery of rates within the meaning of this Act In the Fifth Schedule the amendment of the Money Payments (Justices Procedure) Act, 1935.

2nd Sch.

18

Ch. 12

Distress for Rates Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1 Session and Chapter i Short Title Extent of Repeal

4 A 5 Eliz. 2. The Rating and Valuation In section thirteen, subsections

c.9. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1955. (1), (2) and (3) and in subsection (4) the words " on the coming into operation of an order under this section * and the words from " and in section one " to the end of the section.

7 A 8 Eliz. 2. The City of London Sections eleven to sixteen.

c. xlix. (Various Powers) Act, 1959. i The Schedule.

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839 City of London Sewers Act, 1848 Poor Rates Recovery Act, 1862 Interpretation Act, 1889 City of London (Tithes and Rates) Act, 1910... Justices of the Peace Act, 1949 Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 Rating and Valuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1955. 2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. 11 & 12 Vict c. cbdii. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 82. 52 & 53 Vict c. 63. 10 Edw. 7 & 1 Geo. 5. C. XXX. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101. 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 9.

1960

Air Corporations , 1960

Ch. 13, 14

19

CHAPTER 13

An Act to increase the borrowing powers of the British Overseas Airways Corporation and the British European Airways Corporation.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The limit imposed by section twelve of the Air Increase of Corporations Act, 1949, as amended by subsection (1) of section borrowing one of the Air Corporations Act, 1956, on the amount out- ^.wers of standing at any time of money borrowed by the British Overseas corporations. Airways Corporation or the British European Airways Corpora-12,13 & 14 tion shall be raised— Geo. 6. c. 91.

(a) as respects money borrowed by the British Overseas * *6 EKz*2* Airways Corporation, from one hundred and sixty million pounds to one hundred and eighty million pounds;

(b) as respects money borrowed by the British European Airways Corporation, from sixty million pounds to ninety-five million pounds.

(2) In subsection (2) of section one of the said Act of 1956 (which confers certain additional borrowing powers on the British Overseas Airways Corporation but provides that nothing in that subsection shall authorise that corporation to borrow in excess of the limit imposed by subsection (1) of the said section twelve as amended by subsection (1) of the said section one), for the reference to subsection (1) of the said section one there shall be substituted a reference to subsection (1) of this section.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Air Corporations Act, short title, 1960: and this Act and the Air Corporations Acts, 1949 to 1956, citation may be cited together as the Air Corporations Acts, 1949 to 1960.and repeal.

(2) Subsection (1) of section one of the Air Corporations Act 1956, is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 14

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Extension of period during which British films are to be shown, and change in renters* licensing year and quota period.

2 Newsreels.

3. Non-standard films.

4. Combination of quota periods for purposes of s. 1 of Act of 1948.

20

Ch. 14

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Extension of period during which British films are to be shown, and change in renters’ licensing year and quota period

Newsreels.

Section

5. Exemptions and reliefs, and itinerant exhibitors.

6. Labour costs.

7. Use of film studio for sound recording.

8. Inclusion of studio or maker in credit titles.

9. Films made in accordance with international agreements.

10. Films using old material.

11. Amendment of register, and registration of alternative particulars.

12. Prohibition of use of unregistered title.

13. Quarterly exhibitor’s licence.

14. Maximum fees.

15. Substitution of playing time for length.

16. Minor and consequential amendments and repeals.

17. Interpretation, construction, short title, citation, commencement and

extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Maximum fees.

Second Schedule—Minor and consequential amendments.

Third Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to amend the Cinematograph Films Acts, 1938 and 1948.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Section one of the Act of 1948 (which requires exhibitors to include British films among the films exhibited by them to the public) shall continue in force until the end of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-seven and shall then expire.

(2) The periods which for the purposes of the Acts of 1938 and 1948 are the first renters’ licensing year and the first quota period beginning after the end of March, nineteen hundred and sixty, shall end with the year nineteen hundred and sixty and nineteen hundred and sixty-one respectively; and thereafter the renters* licensing year and the quota period for the purposes of those Acts shall be any calendar year during which section one of the Act of 1948 is in force.

2.—(1) Where the condition specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section twenty-five of the Act of 1938 and the further conditions specified in subsection (2) of this section are fulfilled in respect of a film consisting wholly or mainly of photographs which, at the time when they were taken, were means of communicating news, the conditions imposed by the said subsection (1) shall be deemed to be fulfilled in respect of

1960

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

Ch. 14

21

the film and, notwithstanding paragraph (a) of section thirty-five of that Act (which excepts such films from the application of the Acts of 1938 and 1948)-—

(a) the Board of Trade shall, upon application duly made

to them not later than the expiry of section one of the Act of 1948, register the film as a British film and (whatever its labour costs per minute of playing time, and notwithstanding anything in section ten of this Act) as an exhibitors’ quota film; and

(b) where the film is so registered the Acts of 1938 and

1948 shall apply to k, but subject to the following provisions of this section.

A film which is eligible for registration by virtue of this section or has been so registered is in the following provisions of this section referred to as a newsreel.

(2) The said further conditions are—

(a) that the film was edited in the United Kingdom and

its commentary was written and recorded there; and

(b) that each of the persons who edited the film or spoke

the commentary was a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland.

(3) Section twenty-four of the Act of 1938 (which relates to applications for registration) shall apply in relation to a newsreel with the omission of subsection (2) (which prevents an application from being entertained unless the film has been or is to be trade-shown); but no application for the registration of a newsreel shall be entertained unless it is accompanied—

(a) by a statutory declaration that the newsreel is one

of a sequence of which not less than one a week is made and delivered to exhibitors in Great Britain for public exhibition; and

(b) by an undertaking that not less than three-quarters of

all the photographs together comprised in the newsreels of that sequence registered during the quarterly period in which the application is made will have been taken in the United Kingdom or any other country which is among those referred to by the expression "His Majesty’s dominions" as used in the Act of 1938;

and where an application for the registration of a newsreel is made more than five days after the newsreel is first delivered to an exhibitor in Great Britain for public exhibition, it shall not be entertained unless the Board of Trade are satisfied that the delay was due to special circumstances and was not intentional.

22

Ch. 14

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Non-standard

films.

(4) Where at the end of a quarterly period the undertakings given in that period under paragraph lb) of subsection (3) of this section in respect of the newsreels of any sequence have not been fulfilled the Board of Trade shall cancel the registration of all newsreels of that sequence which were registered during that period and shall publish the cancellation in the Board of Trade Journal; and the cancellation shall have effect as from the date of publication.

(5) Where a newsreel has been registered it shall be deemed for the purposes of the Acts of 1938 and 1948 to have been registered on the date on which it was first delivered to an exhibitor in Great Britain for public exhibition; but where a renter has delivered a newsreel to an exhibitor before the date on which it is registered he shall be deemed to have complied with the requirements of section thirty-three of the Act of 1938 (which requires certain information to be given to an exhibitor) if, and only if, he has notified him, at such time and in such manner as may be prescribed, of such particulars of the newsreel as may be prescribed and of his intention to apply for its registration.

(6) Where a renter has notified an exhibitor of his intention to apply for the registration of a film as a newsreel and either the film is not eligible for registration by virtue of this section or he does not apply for its registration within the time within which the application can be entertained under subsection (3) of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds.

(7) Sections seventeen, eighteen and twenty of the Act of 1938 (which prohibit and invalidate blind booking and advance booking) shall not apply in relation (to registered newsreels; and section twenty-four of that Act (which relates to applications for registration) shall have effect, in relation to the registration of newsreels, as if the proviso to subsection (3) (which requires an applicant to furnish a declaration that no agreement invalidated by the said section twenty has been made) were omitted.

3. In section seven of the Act of 1948 (which provides that the Acts of 1938 and 1948 shall not apply to films other than standard films but may be so applied by regulations made by the Board of Trade) the words in subsection (1) defining standard films shall be omitted and at the end of the section (there shall be added the following subsection:—

" (4) In this section—

‘ film * includes any record, however made, of a sequence of visual images, which is a record capable of being used as a means of showing that sequence as a moving picture; and

1960

Cinematograph Films

Act; 1960

Ch. 14

23

'standard filin’ means a film of a width of thirty-five millimetres which is designed to be exhibited by projection from one reel at a time."

4. —(1) Where a film registered as a foreign film is to be Combination exhibited to the public at any theatre, and before it is

exhibited an application for a direction under this section isSSroo^sor made to the Board of Trade by the exhibitor who exhibits films s. lof Act of to the public at that theatre, the Board may, if they think fit, 1948. direct that, if the film is so exhibited, and the period during which it is so exhibited is or includes such a continuous period exceeding eight weeks as is specified in the direction, the requirements imposed by section one of the Act of 1948 shall be deemed to be complied with in relation to that theatre in the relevant quota period, if they are so complied with in that period and the succeeding quota period taken together.

(2) The relevant quota period for the purposes of this section is the quota period in which the film is exhibited as aforesaid or, if it is so exhibited in more than one quota period, that one of them which the exhibitor elects.

(3) Before giving a direction under this section the Board of Trade shall consult the Cinematograph Films Council and consider its advice in the matter.

5. For section four of the Act of 1948 there shall be substi- Exemptions

tuted the following section: — reliefs, and

* Exemptions 4.—(1) Where films are exhibited to the public e^hibkors. and reliefs, at a theatre in any locality (in this subsection referred Subito^111 *° as ^oca^ cinema) and the Board of Trade are satisfied—

(a) that films are exhibited, in competition with the local cinema, at not less than two other theatres in the same locality; or

(b) that films are exhibited, in competition with

the local cinema, at another theatre in the same locality and that films are not normally exhibited to the public at the local cinema for a continuous period of more than three days, not counting Sundays; and

(c) in either case, that owing to circumstances

beyond the control of the exhibitor who exhibits films at the local cinema films registered as British films are exhibited at those other theatres or that other theatre on dates earlier than the dates on which he is able to exhibit the same films at the local cinema,

the Board may, if they think fit, direct that in relation to the exhibition of films at the local cinema the

24

Ch. 14

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

6 A 7 Eliz 2. c. 9.

5 A 6 Biz. 2. c. 21.

prescribed percentage for the purposes of subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section one of this Act shall be reduced, in the case of such quota period or periods as may be specified in the direction, to such percentage as may be so specified.

(2) Before giving a direction under subsection (1) of this section the Board shall consult the Cinematograph Films Council and consider its advice in the matter.

(3) Where the Board of Trade are satisfied that the average net box office receipts of a theatre during the year ending six months before the beginning of any quota period did not exceed one hundred and twenty-five pounds per week the Board shall direct that the foregoing provisions of this Act shall not apply to the exhibition of films at that theatre during that quota period.

(4) The Board of Trade, after consulting the Cinematograph Films Council and considering its advice in the matter, may by order made by statutory instrument direct that subsection (3) of this section shall have effect as if such other amount as may be specified in the order were substituted therein for one hundred and twenty-five pounds; but a statutory instrument containing such an order shall have no effect unless approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament

(5) The reference in subsection (3) of this section to the net box office receipts of a theatre shall be construed as a reference to the receipts from the sale of seats at all performances at which registered films are shown to the public, after deduction of entertainments duty (within the meaning of the Entertainments Duty Act, 1958) paid or payable to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise and of so much of the levy imposed under section two of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1957, as is attributable to those receipts.

(6) For the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Act (including subsection (3) of this section) all registered films exhibited under the authority of a licence extending (in accordance with the proviso of subsection (4) of section nine of the principal Act) to the exhibition of films at more than one theatre shall be deemed to be exhibited at one theatre at which no other registered films are exhibited to the public.

1960

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

Ch. 14

25

(7) An order under subsection (4) of this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder."

6. —(1) In the definition of "labour costs" in section forty-Labour costs, four of the Act of 1938 (which includes payments attributable

to the making of a film only if they are made by the maker of the film and excludes payments made to officers and servants of an undertaking concerned with the making of a film who are engaged in a clerical or administrative capacity)—

(u) the words " by the maker of the film " shall be omitted;

(b) for the words " in an administrative or clerical capacity

as an officer or servant " there shall be substituted the words "in a clerical capacity as a servant"; and

(c) the following paragraph shall be added at the end—

" (c) payments paid or payable to a person who is engaged in an administrative capacity as an officer or servant of an undertaking concerned with the making of a film shall not be taken to be attributable to the making of the film except in so far as they are payments in respect of services directly concerned with the making of that film."

(2) If, upon any application for the registration of a film under Part in of the Act of 1938, being an application in connection with which it is material to ascertain—

(a) the labour costs of the film, or

(b) the proportion of those costs which represents payments

in respect of the labour or services of persons of any particular class,

it appears to the Board of Trade that no sum or a sum so small as not bona fide to represent all the remuneration therefor is paid or payable as part of those costs in respect of the labour or services of any particular person, the Board may direct that such sum, or as the case may be such greater sum, as may be specified in the direction shall be treated as so paid or payable.

7. In the definition of "studio " in section forty-four of the Use of film Act of 1938 (which provides that a studio shall be deemed to studio for be used in making a film if any part of that film, or of any *oun^. other film used in making it, consists of photographs taken in rocor 8* that studio) there shall be inserted, after the words "photographs taken *T, the words " or sound recordings made ".

8. —(1) For the purposes of subsection (4) of section twenty- inclusion of five of the Act of 1938 (which requires a film registered under studio or Part III of that Act to be registered as a British film if the condi- maker in tkms imposed by subsection (1) of that section are fulfilled, and crcdit

26

Ch. 14

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

as a foreign film if they are not fulfilled) the said conditions shall not be treated as fulfilled in respect of a long film unless the name and address of the studio used in making the film, or, if none was used, the name and address of the maker of the film, are included at the beginning or at the end of the film so as to be displayed, when the film is exhibited, for not less than ten seconds in letters clearly legible to the audience.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, where the name of a place (with or without other particulars) is included as mentioned therein 'but not the name of the country in which that place is, the inclusion shall not be deemed to be the inclusion of an address.

Films made in

accordance

with

international

agreements.

9.—(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide for treating films which are made in accordance with the terms of any agreement between Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and any other government or any international organisation or authority, but with respect to which the conditions imposed by subsection (1) of section twenty-five of the Act of 1938 are not fulfilled, as if they were films with respect to which those conditions are fulfilled.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

Films using io. Where parts of a film to be registered as a British film old material. derived, as regards the photographs comprised therein, from—

(a) a registered film; or

(b) any film (whether a standard film or not) the maker of

which was not the maker of the film to be registered;

and the playing time of those parts exceeds ten per cent, of the playing time of the whole film, the film shall not be registered as an exhibitors’ quota film except on the recommendation of the Cinematograph Films Council.

Amendment 11.—(1) Where a registered film is to have a title, playing time

of fd or ot^cr Particulars differing from those recorded in the register,

° Board Trade shall, on application duly made to them not

particulars. later than the expiry of section one of the Act of 1948, amend the register accordingly and issue to the applicant, in substitution for any certificate of registration previously issued in respect of the film, a certificate of registration specifying the particulars of the film as recorded in the register after the amendment.

(2) The Board of Trade shall, as soon as may be after the end of each week, publish in the Board of Trade Journal a list of films the registration of which was amended under this section in that week.

1960

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

Ch. 14

27

(3) An application under this section must be made by the person entitled to distribute or authorise the distribution of the film to exhibitors in Great Britain, and must be accompanied by the prescribed fee.

(4) More than one title, playing time, or such other particulars (if any) as may be prescribed may be recorded as alternatives in the register with respect to one film, either in pursuance of an application for its registration or in pursuance of an application under this section; and where more than one playing time or, if it is so provided by the regulations prescribing another particular, more than one such other particular is so recorded, the register shall distinguish the alternatives as belonging to different versions of the film, and each of those versions shall be treated for the purposes of the Acts of 1938 and 1948 as a separate film, except that the addition of a new version by an amendment of the register shall not be treated as the first registration of a film.

(5) Where a tide, playing time or other particular of any film has been recorded in the register in addition to or in substitution for another, no renter shall, while section one of the Act of 1948 is in force, procure the giving by an exhibitor (whether for a consideration or not, and whether orally or in writing) of an undertaking which, if legally binding, would impose on the exhibitor an obligation, either actual or contingent, to take delivery of the film, unless the renter has supplied to the exhibitor a statement in writing setting out all the titles, playing times, and other particulars which have ever been so recorded in respect of the film; and if any renter procures an undertaking in contravention of this subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

12. If, on any occasion on which, before the expiry of section Prohibition one of the Act of 1948, a registered film is delivered by a renter of use.°£. to an exhibitor in Great Britain for public exhibition at a theatre unregistered therein, the title of the film as so delivered on that occasion is

not the registered title or, as the case may be, one of the registered titles, of the film, the renter shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

13. —(1) A licence under section nine of the Act of 1938 Quarterly authorising a person to carry on business as an exhibitor at one exhibitor’s theatre may be granted in respect of a quarterly period. licence.

(2) In relation to any theatre in respect of which a licence granted by virtue of this section is in force the provisions of the Acts of 1938 and 1948 and this Act shall have effect as if for the references to the quota period there were substituted references to the period in respect of which the licence is granted;

28

Ch. 14

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

8 & 9 E2

Maximum

fees.

Substitution of playing time for length.

Minor and consequential amendments and repeals.

Interpretation, construction, short title, citation, commencement and extent.

I A 2 Geo. 6. c. 17.

II A 12 Geo. 6.C.23,

and subsection (2) of section five of the Act of 1948 (which enables the Board of Trade to secure the exhibition in any quota period of not more than six films recommended by a Selection Committee) shall have effect, in relation to such a licence, with the substitution of the word "two " for the word "six".

14. The amounts which may be prescribed as the amounts of the fees payable on applications for the registration of films, for amendments of the register, or for licences under the Act of 1938 shall be amounts not exceeding those specified in the First Schedule to this Act; but the fees payable on an application for a renter’s licence or exhibitor’s licence in respect of the first renters* licensing year or the first quota period beginning after the commencement of this Act shall not exceed fifteen guineas and ten guineas respectively.

15. —(1) Any matter which, but for this section, would fall to be determined for the purposes of the Acts of 1938 and 1948 and this Act by reference to the length of a film shall be determined for those purposes by reference to the playing time of the film.

(2) The registered playing time of any film registered before the coming into operation of this section shall be determined by treating every ninety feet of length as equivalent to a playing time of one minute.

16. —(1) The enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified therein, being minor amendments and amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act.

(2) The enactments specified in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

17. —(1) In this Act—

" quarterly period " means a period of three months ending with the last day of March, June, September or December;

" the Act of 1938 " means the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938;

"the Act of 1948 " means the Cinematograph Films Act, 1948;

and any expression used in this Act and in the Act of 1938 has the same meaning in this Act as in that Act.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as applied.

1960

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

Ch. 14

29

by or under any subsequent enactment including, except where the context otherwise requires, this Act; and any reference in this Act to the Act of 1938 includes a reference to that Act as reprinted in the Second Schedule to the Act of 1948.

(3) Any reference in any enactment to the Act of 1938 or the Act of 1948 shall be construed, as die case may require, as a reference thereto as amended by this Act or as including a reference to this Act; but nothing in this Act shall affect the operation, in relation to films registered before the year nineteen hundred and sixty-one, of subsection (2) of section eight of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1957 (which applies section twenty-five of the Act of 1938 for the purpose of determining whether a film is a British film).

(4) This Act may be cited as the Cinematograph Films Act, 1960, and this Act and the Cinematograph Films Acts, 1938 and 1948, may be cited together as the Cinematograph Films Acts, 1938 to 1960.

(5) This Act shall come into force on the first Sunday falling after the expiration of one month beginning with the day on which this Act is passed; except that—

(a) sections eleven to fifteen, the First Schedule, and Part I

and paragraphs 10 and 11 of the Second Schedule shall come into force on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and sixty; and

(b) sections six to eight and ten, paragraphs 8, 14 and 15

of the Second Schedule, and so much of the Third Schedule as relates to section forty-four of the Act of 1938, shall come into force on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

to) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

30

Ch. 14

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Section 14.

Section 16

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Maximum Fees

On an application for the registration of a film 8 8

On an application to amend the register 4 4

On an application for a renter’s licence 21 0

On an application for an annual exhibitor’s licence 8 8

On an application for a quarterly exhibitor’s licence ... 3 3

SECOND SCHEDULE Minor and Consequential Amendments Part I

Amendments as to Length of Films

1. The words "playing time" shall be substituted for the word 44 length ", wherever it occurs in the following provisions of the Act of 1938:—

Section 8 Section 12 (1) (a)

Section 12 (2) (a)

Section 23 (2) (a)

Section 25 (3)

Section 33 (1)

Section 36 (1)

2. In section twenty-six of the Act of 1938 (which excludes from registration as an exhibitors’ quota film a film whose total labour costs are less than ten shillings per foot) and in subsection (6) of section three of the Act of 1948 (which excludes such a film from the computation of the quota) for the words " ten shillings per foot " there shall be substituted the words 44 fifty pounds per minute of playing time ".

3. In paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty-five of the Act of 1938, for the words 44 the number of feet comprised in the length" there shall be substituted the words 44ninety times the number of minutes comprised in the playing time

4. In section forty-four of the Act of 1938 the following definitions shall be substituted respectively for the definitions of 44 long film ", ‘‘registered length", "serial film or series of films" and "short film ", that is to say:—

44 long film " means a film the playing time of which is not less than thirty-three and one-third minutes;

44registered flaying time", in relation to a film, means the playing time of the film as registered for the time being;

44 serial film or series of films " means a serial film or series of films consisting of a number of parts not exceeding fifteen, each of which has a playing time of not more than thirty-three and one-third minutes, and which are intended to be exhibited on successive dates at intervals not exceeding fourteen days;

1960

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

Ch. 14

31

Mshort film" means a film the playing time of which is less 2nd Sch. than thirty-three and one-third minutes; and in paragraph (b) of the definition of "theatre ", for the words from 44 if the total length " to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words 44 if the total playing time of the registered film or films exhibited in the course of any one of those entertainments does not exceed twenty-five minutes

5. For the words 44 exhibited length " in subsection (3) of section one of the Act of 1948 and in subsection (4) of section three of that Act there shall be substituted the words 44 showing time " and for the words 44 registered length " in the said subsection (4) the words 44 registered playing time

Part II Other Amendments The Cinematograph Films Act, 1938

6. In subsection (2) of section nine, for the words 44 in any quota period " there shall be substituted the words 44 at any time while

section one of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1948, is in force ", and 11 & 12 Geo. for the words, in paragraph (b), 44 an application for such a licence 6- 23*

as aforesaid in respect or that period" there shall be substituted the words 44 an application for a licence authorising him to carry on business as aforesaid at that time ".

7. In subsection (1) of section thirteen (which enables the Board of Trade to certify that failure to comply with the requirements of section one of the Act of 1948 or with the conditions imposed by a licence was due to circumstances beyond the control of any person) the proviso (which requires the Cinematograph Films Council to be consulted on any application under that subsection) shall be omitted and for the words 44upon application made to them" there shall be substituted the words a after consulting the Cinematograph Films Council and considering its advice in the matter ".

8. In section twenty-five (which relates to the conditions to be satisfied for a film to be registered as a British film) the words 44 ordinarily resident " shall be substituted for the word 44 domiciled " in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) and in sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (a) of subsection (2), and the words 44 ordinarily resident as aforesaid " for the words 44 so domiciled " in sub-paragraph (ii) of the said paragraph (a).

9. In subsection (1) of section thirty-four (which requires the Board of Trade to refer unresolved disputes as to wages or conditions in the film industry to the industrial court) for the words "the Board of Trade" there shall be substituted the words "the Minister of Labour ".

10. In subsection (1) of section forty (which specifies the matters which may be prescribed by regulations of the Board of Trade) after the words in paragraph (a) 44registration of films" there shall be inserted the words "for amendments of the register".

11. In subsection (2) of section forty (which relates to fees) for the words "the Second Schedule to this Act" there shall be substituted the words "the First Schedule to the Cinematograph Films Act, 1960."

32

Ch. 14

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

2nd Sch. 12. In section forty-three (which specifies the persons authorised to act on behalf of the Board of Trade) after the words "the President of the Board* there shall be inserted the words Many Minister of State with duties concerning the affairs of the Board *.

13. In the definition of "renters* licensing year * in section forty-four. for the words " before the expiry of section one of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1948 ’* there shall be substituted the words " before April, nineteen hundred and sixty, and thereafter has the meaning assigned to it by section one of the Cinematograph Films Act. I960.*

14. In the definition of "studio * in section forty-four, after the word "building*, in each place where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words " or group of buildings *.

15. In the definition of "trade-shown* in section forty-four, for the words, in paragraph (b), " the first four consecutive days * there shall be substituted the words " the first six weeks *.

16. Subsection (8) of section forty-four (which extends the meaning of the expression " His Majesty’s dominions * so as to include British protectorates) shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if after the word "protectorate* there were inserted the words " or protected State *.

The Cinematograph Films , 1948

17. In subsection (4) of section one (which defines the expression "quota period*) for the words "during which this section is in force * there shall be substituted the words " ending before October, nineteen hundred and sixty, and thereafter has the meaning assigned to it by section one of the Cinematograph Films Act, I960*.

18. Subsection (5) of section one (which provides that the requirements imposed by that section in respect of any quota period shall also be complied with in respect of the first six months of that period) shall cease to have effect

19. At the end of subsection (5) of section three (which provides that a British film exhibited at a theatre on any day shall not be deemed to be exhibited during the normal hours in the ordinary programme unless the whole of it is exhibited at least once between the hours of five and ten p.m.) there shall be added the words " or such other hours as the Board of Trade may on the application of the exhibitor direct *.

20. In subsection (6) of section three (which, as amended by paragraph 2 of this Schedule, excludes from the computation of the exhibitors* quota any film whose total labour costs are less than fifty pounds per minute of playing time) for the words "any such film * there shall be substituted the words " any film registered as a British film which is not registered as an exhibitors* quota film*.

The Cinematograph Films Act, 1957

21. In subsection (2) of section eight the words "to which the said Act of 1938 applies ’* shall be omitted, and for the words " that Act *’ there shall be substituted the words " the said Act of 1938

1960 Cinematograph Films Ch. 14

Act, 1960

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 16.

Enactments Repealed

Session and

Chapter

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 17.

Short Title

The Cinematograph Films Act, 1938.

Extent of Repeal

In section thirteen, the proviso to subsection (1).

In section forty-four, in the definition of "labour costs* in subsection (1), the words " by the maker of the

film".

The Second Schedule.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Cinematograph Films c. 23. Act, 1948.

5 & 6 FJiz. 2. The Cinematograph Films c. 21. Act, 1957.

In section one, subsections (5) and (7).

In section three, in subsection (4), the words " or in the first six months of any quota period *.

In section seven, in subsection (1), the words " that is to say films of the width of thirty-five millimetres*.

In section eight, in subsection (2), the words "to which the said Act of 1938 applies *.

Part III.

Subsection (3) of section seventeen.

600

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Cinematograph Films Act, 1938 Cinematograph Films Act, 1948 Cinematograph Films Act, 1957 Entertainments Duty Act, 1958 I & 2 Geo. 6. c. 17. II & 12 Geo. 6. c. 23. 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 21. 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 9.

B

34 Ch. 15 Water Officers Compensation 8 & 9 Buz. 2

, 1960

CHAPTER 15

An Act to amend the law relating to compensation for officers and servants of water undertakers affected by orders under the Water Act, 1945, or by combinations or orders under the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Compensation for loss of employment, etc.,

attributable to orders or combinations under Water Act, 1945 or Water (Scotland)

Act, 1946.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 42.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 42.

1.—(1) The appropriate Minister may make regulations for the payment by such person as may be prescribed by or determined under the regulations, but subject to such exceptions or conditions as may be so prescribed, of compensation to or in respect of persons who are, or who but for any national service of theirs would be, the holders of any such place, situation or employment as may be so prescribed and who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments which is attributable to—

(a) any order made under the Water Act, 1945, after the commencement of this Act;

(b) any combination of local authorities under section fourteen of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946, being a combination entered into after the commencement of this Act; or

(c) any order made by the Secretary of State after the com-

mencement of this Act under die said Act of 1946; or

() anything done in pursuance of any such order or combination as aforesaid.

(2) Different regulations may be made under this section in relation to different classes of persons, and any such regulations may be so framed as to have effect as from a date earlier than the making thereof, so however that so much of any regulations as provides that any provision thereof is to have effect as from a date earlier than the making thereof shall not place any person other than the person required by the regulations to pay compensation in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had been so framed as to have effect only as from the date of the making thereof.

(3) Regulations made under this section may include provision as to the manner in which and the person to whom any claim for compensation under this section is to be made and for the determination of all questions arising under the regulations.

1960

Water Officers Compensation

Act, 1960

Ch. 15, 16

35

(4) In this section " the appropriate Minister " means the Minister of Housing and Local Government in relation to England and Wales and the Secretary of State in relation to Scotland, and " national service * means any such service in any of Her Majesty’s forces or other employment (whether or not in the service of Her Majesty) as may be prescribed by regulations under this section.

(5) Regulations made under this section shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(6) Section forty-four of the Water Act, 1945, and section sixty-six of the Water (Scotland) Act 1946, are hereby repealed, but without prejudice to their operation in relation to any order made or combination entered into before the commencement of this Act.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Water Officers Compensation Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such date as the Minister of Housing and Local Government and the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.

(3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 16

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

General Provisions relating to road Traffic Offences connected with Driving of motor Vehicles

Section

1. Causing death by reckless or dangerous driving.

2. Reckless, and dangerous, driving generally.

3. Careless, and inconsiderate, driving.

4. Speeding.

5. Driving under age.

6. Driving, or being in charge, when under influence of drink or drugs.

7. Motor racing on highways.

8. Restriction on carriage of persons on motor cycles.

Short tide, commencement and extent

36

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section

Offences connected with Riding of pedal Cycles

9. Reckless, and dangerous, cycling.

10. Careless, and inconsiderate, cycling.

11. Cycling when under influence of drink or drugs.

12. Regulation of cycle racing on highways.

13. Restriction on carriage of persons on bicycles.

Offences connected with Traffic generally

14. Drivers to comply with traffic directions.

15. Pedestrians to comply with directions to stop given by constables

regulating vehicular traffic.

16. Leaving vehicles in dangerous positions.

Restrictions on Use of motor Vehicles off Roadway

17. Control of use of footpaths and bridleways for motor vehicle trials.

18. Prohibition of driving motor vehicles elsewhere than on roads.

Speed Limits on restricted Roads

19. General speed limit for restricted roads.

20. What roads restricted.

21. Provisions as to directions under sections 19 and 20.

22. Signs for indicating speed restrictions.

23. Provisions supplementary to sections 19 to 22.

Speed Limits for certain Classes of Vehicles

24. Speed limits for vehicles of different classes or descriptions.

Speed Limits: Exemptions

25. Exemption of fire engines, &c., from speed limits.

Traffic Regulation outside London Traffic Area

26. Traffic regulation orders outside London Traffic Area.

27. Confirmation, revocation and variation of local authorities* traffic

regulation orders.

28. Provisions as to Ministers* traffic regulation orders.

29. Provisions supplementary to sections 26 to 28.

Traffic Regulation in London Traffic Area

30. The London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee.

31. General functions of Advisory Committee.

32. Annual report of Advisory Committee.

33. Power of Advisory Committee to hold inquiries.

34. Traffic regulation in London Traffic Area.

35. Experimental traffic schemes in London.

Traffic Regulation in special Cases

36. Temporary prohibition or restriction of traffic on roads.

37. Traffic regulation on special roads.

38. One-way traffic on trunk roads.

39. Regulation of use of highways by public service vehicles.

40. Prohibition or restriction of use of vehicles on roads of certain classes.

41. Restriction of use of heavy vehicles on weak bridges.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

37

Section

41 Power of highway and bridge authorities to authorise carriage of excess weights on roads and bridges.

43. Removal of vehicles illegally, obstructively or dangerously parked,

abandoned, or broken down.

Pedestrian Crossings

44. Schemes for establishment of pedestrian crossings on roads other than

trunk roads.

45. Duty of appropriate Minister to establish pedestrian crossings on

trunk roads.

46. Pedestrian crossing regulations.

School Crossings

47. Arrangements for patrolling school crossings.

48. Stopping of vehicles at school crossings.

Street Playgrounds

49. Power of local authorities to prohibit traffic on roads to be used as

playgrounds.

50. Power of local authorities to make byelaws with respect to roads used

as playgrounds.

Traffic Signs

51. Traffic signs.

51 Powers and duties of highway authorities as to placing of traffic signs.

53. Traffic signs for giving effect to local traffic regulations.

54. Emergency traffic signs.

55. Traffic signs in connection with experimental traffic schemes in

London.

56. Removal of traffic signs. Sec.

57. Traffic signs: default powers.

58. Power to enter on land.

59. Traffic signs: modifications as respects trunk roads.

60. Traffic signs: modifications as respects roads where parking permitted

without lights.

61. Traffic signs: modifications as respects cattle-grids.

61 Construction of references to highway authorities for purposes of sections 52 and 56 to 58.

63. Ministers’ powers to make advances for erection. See., of traffic signs.

Construction and Use of Vehicles and Equipment

64. Regulation of construction, weight, equipment and use of vehicles.

65. Tests of satisfactory condition of vehicles.

66. Obligatory test certificates.

67. Testing of condition of vehicles on roads.

68. Vehicles not to be sold in unroadworthy condition or altered so as to

be unroadworthy.

69. Restriction on number of trailers drawn.

70. Regulation of brakes, bells. Sec. on pedal cycles.

71. Regulation of brakes on horse-drawn vehicles.

Provisions as to Manning and Hours of Duty

71 Requirements as to employment of persons to attend to locomotives and trailers.

73. Limitation of hours of duty of certain drivers.

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section

Road Safety Information and Road Training

74. The Highway Code.

75. Powers of Ministers and local authorities as to giving road safety

information and training.

76. Power of Ministers to subsidise bodies, other than local authorities,

for giving road safety information and training.

Accidents

77. Duty to stop, and furnish particulars, in case of accident.

78. General provisions as to accident inquiries.

79. Special provisions as to accident inquiries in London Traffic Area.

80. Inquests on road deaths in London Traffic Area.

Parking Places ( General Provisions): off Highways or without Payment on Highways

81. Power of local authorities outside London to provide parking places.

82. Power to enable London local authorities to provide parking places.

83. Omnibus and coach stations.

84. Provisions as to foreshore in Scotland.

Parking Places (General Provisions): on Highways for Payment

85. Provision on highways of parking places where charges made.

86. Amount of charges for parking on highways and method of payment.

87. General provisions for regulation of parking on highways where

charges made.

88. Offences relating to parking places on highways where charges made.

89. Financial provisions relating to exercise of powers under section 85.

90. Provisions supplementary to sections 85 to 89.

Parish Parking Places for Bicycles and Motor Cycles

91. Power of parish councils to provide parking places for bicycles and

motor cycles.

92. Provisions as to consents for purposes of section 91.

93. Provision ancillary to exercise of powers under section 91.

94. Application of sections 91 to 93 to boroughs included in rural districts.

95. Interpretation of sections 91 to 94.

Parking of Vehicles in Royal Parks

96. Power to provide for charges for parking in Royal Parks.

Part II

Minimum Age for Driving motor Vehicles and Licensing of Drivers thereof

Minimum Age for Driving

97. Minimum age for driving.

Driving Licences

98. Drivers of motor vehicles to have driving licences.

99. Tests of competence to drive.

100. Requirements as to physical fitness of drivers.

101. Grant of driving licences, fees therefor, and duration thereof.

102. Provisional licences.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

39

Section

103. Appeal against refusal or revocation of licence.

104. Disqualification on conviction of certain offences.

103. Appeal against disqualification, and rule for determining end of period thereof.

106. Removal of disqualification.

107. Disqualification of persons under age.

108. Disqualification to prevent duplication of licences.

109. Effect of disqualification.

110. Offence of applying for or obtaining licence, or driving, while dis-

qualified.

111. Endorsement of licences.

Ill Supplementary provisions as to disqualifications and endorsements.

Supplementary

113. Regulations for purposes of Part II.

114. Destination of fees for licences, Ac., under Part II.

115. Interpretation of Part II.

lid Provisions as to Northern Ireland drivers’ licences.

Part in Public Service Vehicles

Classification of Public Service Vehicles

117. Meaning of " public service vehicle ", 44 stage carriage ", 44 express

carriage " and 44 contract carriage ".

118. Circumstances affecting classification of public service vehicles.

Trqffic Areas and Traffic Commissioners

119. Traffic areas.

120. Traffic commissioners.

121. Appointment and terms of service of traffic commissioners outside

Metropolitan Traffic Area.

121 Appointment and terms of service of metropolitan traffic commissioner.

123. Appointment and terms of service of deputies to chairmen and other

traffic commissioners.

124. Traffic commissioners’ staff.

125. Remuneration of traffic commissioners, deputies and staff.

126. Pensions of chairmen of traffic commissioners and metropolitan traffic

commissioner.

Licensing of Public Service Vehicles

127. Public service vehicle licences.

128. Certifying officers and public service vehicle examiners.

129. Certificates of fitness, and effect thereof.

130. Approval of type vehicles, and effect thereof.

131. Certificates of fitness for experimental vehicles.

131 Notice to be given to traffic commissioners of failure in, damage to, or alteration of vehicles.

133. Suspension of vehicle licences for defects.

40

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section

Road Service Licences

134. Road service licences.

135. Grant and variation of road service licences.

136. Revocation and suspension of road service licences.

137. Backing of road service licences.

138. Provisions as to corridor areas.

139. Duration of road service licences.

140. Particulars to be provided by applicants for, and holdeis of, road

service licences.

Special Provisions as to British Transport Commission's road Services in London Passenger Transport Area

141. Commission to operate on approved routes in London special area.

142. Special provisions as to Commission's road service licences for certain

routes.

Appeals in connection with Licences and Certificates for Public Service Vehicles

143. Appeals to the Minister in connection with public service vehicle licences, road service licences and certificates of fitness.

Drivers, Conductors and Passengers

144. Drivers' and conductors* licences.

145. Appeals to courts of summary jurisdiction in connection with drivers*

and conductors' licences.

146. Regulation of conduct of drivers and conductors.

147. Regulation of conduct of passengers.

148. Control of number of passengers.

General and Supplementary

149. Power of Minister to modify restrictions on use of roads by public

service vehicles.

150. Exclusion of certain enactments as respects Metropolitan Traffic Area.

151. Avoidance of contracts so far as restrictive of liability in respect of

death of, or injury to, passengers in public service vehicles.

152. Wages and conditions of employment of persons employed in con-

nection with public service vehicles.

153. Procedure of traffic commissioners.

154. Accounts of traffic commissioners and metropolitan police com-

missioner.

155. Annual report of traffic commissioners and metropolitan police

commissioner.

156. Records of licences.

157. Returns to be provided by persons operating public service vehicles.

158. Power to regulate procedure on applications for licences, &c.

159. Fees for grant of licences, &c.

160. Regulations for purposes of Part III.

161. Restriction on institution in England and Wales of proceedings under

Part III.

162. Payment of expenses under Part III.

163. Power of Minister to transfer licensing functions undo1 Part DI of

metropolitan police commissioner.

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

41

1960

Section

Part IV

Regulation of Carriage of Goods by Road

Carriers' Licences

164. Users of goods vehicles to hold carriers’ licences.

165. The licensing authority.

166. Classes of carriers* licences, and acts authorised thereby.

167. Authorised vehicles.

168. Conditions of carriers* licences.

169. Duration of carriers* licences.

170. Short-term carriers* licences.

Procedure governing Grant of Carriers' Licences

171. Applications for carriers* licences.

172. Applicant to furnish information.

173. Objections to certain applications for A or B licences.

174. Decision of licensing authority on application for carrier's licence.

175. Right of applicant or objector to appeal to Transport Tribunal.

Variation, Revocation, Suspension and Curtailment of Carriers' Licences

176. Variation of carrier’s licence at instance of holder.

177. Variation of carrier’s licence in other cases.

178. Revocation, suspension and curtailment of carriers* licences.

Provisions supplementary to foregoing Provisions of Part IV

179. Supplemental provisions as to carriers’ licences.

180. Holding and subsidiary companies.

181. Supplemental provisions as to appeals to Transport Tribunal.

182. Fees for grant or variation of carriers’ licences.

Maintenance of Goods Vehicles

183. Powers of inspection of goods vehicles for securing proper maintenance

thereof.

184. Power to prohibit use of unfit goods vehicles.

185. Removal of prohibition of use of unfit goods vehicle.

Records of Hours of , See.

186. Duty of holder of carrier’s licence to keep records as to hours of work,

journeys, loads, Ac.

Supplementary

187. Power of licensing authority to hold inquiries.

188. Accounts and annual report of licensing authorities.

189. Appointment and remuneration of officers and servants.

190. Regulations for purposes of Part IV.

191. Interpretation of Part IV.

Part V

Licensing of Drivers of Heavy Goods Vehicles

192. Drivers of heavy goods vehicles to be licensed.

193. Applications for, and grant of, heavy goods vehicles drivers* licences.

194. Power to issue heavy goods vehicle drivers* licences as provisional

licences.

B*

42

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section

195. Appeal against refusal, suspension or revocation of heavy goods

vehicle driver’s licence.

196. Fees for heavy goods vehicle drivers’ licences.

197. Regulations for purposes of Part V.

198. Transitional provisions as to certain heavy goods vehicle drivers’

licences.

199. Interpretation of Part V.

200. Restriction on institution in England and Wales of proceedings under

Part V.

Part VI Third-Party Liabilities

Compulsory Insurance or Security against Third-Party Risks

201. Users of motor vehicles to be insured or secured against third-party

risks.

202. Exceptions from requirement of third-party insurance or security.

203. Requirements in respect of policies of insurance.

204. Requirements in respect of securities.

205. Issue and surrender of certificates of insurance and of security.

206. Avoidance of certain exceptions to policies or securities.

207. Duty of insurers or persons giving security to satisfy judgments against

persons insured or secured against third-party risks.

208. Bankruptcy, See., of insured or secured persons not to affect claims

by third parties.

209. Duty to give information as to insurance or security where claim made.

210. Deposits.

211. Power to require evidence of insurance or security on application for

vehicle excise licence.

Payments for Treatment of traffic Casualties

212. Payment for hospital treatment of traffic casualties.

213. Payment for emergency treatment of traffic casualties.

214. Supplementary provisions as to payments for treatment.

Supplementary

215. Regulations for purposes of Part VI.

216. Interpretation of Part VI.

Part VII Miscellaneous and General

Penalisation of taking motor Vehicle without Authority

217. Penalisation of taking motor vehicle without authority.

Ancillary Provisions for p, or mitigating Effects of Accidents

218. Penalisation of tampering with motor vehicles.

219. Penalisation of holding or getting on to vehicle in order to be towed

or carried.

220. Control of dogs on roads.

221. Protective helmets for motor cyclists.

222. Control of driving over Menai bridge.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

43

Section

Power of Police to stop Vehicles, and Weighing of Vehicles

223. Power of police to stop vehicles.

224. Weighing of motor vehicles.

Production of Documents and Furnishing of Information

225. Power of police constables to require production of driving licences.

226. Power of police constables to obtain names and addresses of drivers,

and others, and to require production of evidence of insurance or security and test certificates.

227. Powers of certifying officers, examiners and police constables as

respects goods vehicles.

228. Penalisation of failure to give name and address, and power of arrest,

in case of reckless or careless driving or cycling.

229. Pedestrians to give names and addresses in certain cases.

230. Duty of driver, in case of accident involving injury to another, to

produce evidence of insurance or security or to report accident

231. Duty of owner of motor vehicle to give information for verifying

compliance with requirement of compulsory insurance or security,

232. Duty to give information as to identity of driver, &c., in certain cases.

Forgery, false , Sic.

233. Forgery of documents, &c.

234. Falsification of records.

235. False statements and withholding material information.

236. Issue of false documents.

237. Power to seize articles with respect to which offences under sections

233 to 236 may have been committed.

238. Personation of, or of person employed by, authorised examiner.

Penalty for Breach of Regulations and for , Abetting, &c..

Commission of Offences in Scotland

239. Penalty for breach of regulations.

240. Penalty for aiding, abetting, &c., commission of offences in Scotland.

Legal Proceedings and Destination of Fines

241. Restrictions on prosecutions for certain offences.

242. Evidence by certificate.

243. Proof, in summary proceedings, of identity of driver of vehicle.

244. Time for commencing summary proceedings for certain offences.

245. Jurisdiction of courts of summary jurisdiction in Scotland for certain

offences.

246. Inclusion in indictment in Scotland of certain summary offences.

247. Destination of fines.

Inquiries

248. General power to hold inquiries.

249. General provisions as to inquiries.

Application to the Crown

250. Application to the Crown.

Vehicles used for marine Salvage

251. Vehicles used for marine salvage.

B* 2

44

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section

Interpretation

252. Construction of references to traffic areas and London special area.

253. Interpretation of expressions relating to motor vehicles and classes or

descriptions thereof.

254. Certain vehicles not to be treated as motor vehicles.

255. Method of calculating weight of motor vehicles.

256. Interpretation of statutory references to carriages.

257. General interpretation provisions.

258. Effect of certain references to Scottish local authorities.

Exclusion of Application of certain Provisions to Tramcars and Trolley Vehicles

259. Exclusion of application of certain provisions to tramcars and trolley

vehicles.

Exercise of Regulation-making , and Parliamentary

Control thereover

260. Exercise of regulation-making powers, and Parliamentary control

thereover.

Supplementary

261. Provision, Sec., of weighbridges.

262. Provisions as to Thames embankment.

263. Protection of public interests.

264. Consequential amendments of Acts.

265. Construction of references in other Acts, Sec., to public service

vehicles, licensing authorities. Sec.

266. Repeal of provisions as to use of bridges by locomotives.

267. General repeals, revocations, savings and transitional provisions.

268. Saving for s. 38 of Interpretation Act, 1889.

269. Saving for law of nuisance.

270. Commencement.

271. Short title and extent

Schedules:

First Schedule—Limits of speed for vehicles of certain classes or descriptions.

Second Schedule—The London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee.

Third Schedule—Particular matters which may be referred to London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee.

Fourth Schedule—Scope of traffic regulations that may be made by the Minister for the London Traffic Area.

Fifth Schedule—Scope of traffic regulations that may be made by commissioners of police of metropolis and for City of London. Sixth Schedule—Notification of temporary traffic restrictions. Seventh Schedule—Areas (in England and Wales), and authorities, for agreements under section 47.

Eighth Schedule—Deferred tests of condition of vehicles.

Ninth Schedule—Travelling, Sec., allowances for attendance at road safety conferences.

Tenth Schedule—Procedure for orders designating parking places on highways where charges are made.

Eleventh Schedule—Offences involving disqualification for holding or obtaining, or endorsement of, licences under Part n, or both.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

45

Twelfth Schedule—Conditions affecting classification of public service vehicles.

Thirteenth Schedule—Cases in which carrier’s licence not required.

Fourteenth Schedule—Convictions, &c., relevant for purposes of sections 173 and 178.

Fifteenth Schedule—Transitional provisions relating to licences to drive heavy goods vehicles.

Sixteenth Schedule—Supplementary provisions in connection with proceedings for offences under section 221.

Seventeenth Schedule—Amendments of other Acts.

Eighteenth Schedule—Repeals and revocations.

Nineteenth Schedule—Savings and transitional provisions.

Twentieth Schedule—Special provisions as to coming into operation of certain provisions of this Act.

An Act to consolidate, with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949, certain enactments relating to road traffic.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

General Provisions relating to road Traffic

Offences connected with Driving of motor Vehicles

h—(1) A person who causes the death of another person by Causing the driving of a motor vehicle on a road recklessly, or at a speed death by or in a manner which is dangerous to the public, having regard jj^*8*®* to all the circumstances of the case, including the nature, con- driv^g dition and use of the road, and the amount of traffic which is actually at the time, or which might reasonably be expected to be, on the road, shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years.

(2) An offence against this section shall not be triable by quarter sessions; and nothing in the foregoing subsection shall be construed as empowering a court in Scotland, other than the High Court of Justiciary, to pass for any such offence a sentence of imprisonment for a term exceeding two years.

(3) Section twenty of the Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926 (which makes special provision where the coroner is informed before the jury have given their verdict that some person has been charged with one of the offences specified in that section) shall apply to an offence against this section as it applies to manslaughter.

46

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

Reckless, and dangerous, driving generally.

Careless, and inconsiderate, driving.

2. —(1) If a person drives a motor vehicle on a road recklessly, or at a speed or in a manner which is dangerous to the public, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, including the nature, condition and use of the road, and the amount of traffic which is actually at the time, or which might reasonably be expected to be, on the road, he shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both a fine and such imprisonment;

(b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months or to both such fine and such imprisonment, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) If upon the trial of a person for an offence against section one of this Act the jury are not satisfied that his driving was the cause of the death but are satisfied that he is guilty of driving as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, it shall be lawful for them to convict him of an offence under this section.

(3) Upon the trial of a person who is indicted for manslaughter in England or Wales, or for culpable homicide in Scotland, in connection with the driving of a motor vehicle by him, it shall be lawful for the jury, if they are satisfied that he is guilty of an offence under this section, to find him guilty of that offence.

3. —(l) if a person drives a motor vehicle on a road without due care and attention, or without reasonable consideration for other persons using the road, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding eighty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) Where a person is charged in England or Wales before a magistrates’ court with an offence under the last foregoing section, and the court is of opinion that the offence is not proved, then, at any time during the hearing or immediately thereafter the court may, without prejudice to any other powers possessed by the court, direct or allow a charge for an offence under this section to be preferred forthwith against the defendant and may thereupon proceed with that charge, so however that he or his solicitor or counsel shall be informed of the new charge and be given an opportunity, whether by way of cross-examining any witness whose evidence has already been given against the

ii ii

i

I960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

47

defendant or otherwise, of answering the new charge, and the Part I court shall, if it considers that the defendant is prejudiced in his defence by reason of the new charge’s being so preferred, adjourn the hearing.

4m—(1) A person convicted of an offence of driving a motor Speeding, vehicle on a road at a speed exceeding a statutory speed limit shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2) A person prosecuted for such an offence as aforesaid shall not be liable to be convicted solely on the evidence of one witness to the effect that in the opinion of the witness the person prosecuted was driving the vehicle at a speed exceeding a specified limit

(3) The provisions of subsection (1) of this section shall have effect in substitution for any provision made by or under any enactment relating to a speed limit contained in any Act passed before the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-four, or under die following provisions of this Act enabling the Minister to regulate traffic in the London Traffic Area, for determining the punishment by way of fine or imprisonment to which a person convicted of driving a motor vehicle as aforesaid is to be liable in respect of that offence.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates’ Courts Act,

1952, if a person—

ia) is convicted by virtue of section thirty-five of that Act of such an offence as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section as having aided, abetted, counselled or procured a person who is employed by him to drive, or is subject to his orders in driving, a motor vehicle on a road to commit such an offence as aforesaid; or

(b) is convicted summarily of the offence of inciting to commit such an offence as aforesaid, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(5) If a person who employs other persons to drive motor vehicles on roads publishes or issues any timetable or schedule, or gives any directions, under which any journey or any stage or part of any journey is to be completed within some specified time, and it is not practicable in the circumstances of the case for that journey or that stage or part of the journey to be completed in the specified time without the commission of such an offence as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the publication or issue of the said time-table or schedule or the giving of the directions may be produced as prima facie evidence

48

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part 1 that the employer, as the case may be, procured or incited the persons employed by him to drive the vehicles to commit such an offence as aforesaid.

Driving undo* 5. A person who drives, or causes or permits a person to drive, a motor vehicle in contravention of lie provisions of this Act relating to the minimum age for driving motor vehicles of different classes and descriptions shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

Driving, or 6.—(1) A person who, when driving or attempting to drive

5*"® . a motor vehicle on a road or other public place, is unfit to drive

SKSSce drink or drugs shall be liable-

of drink or (a) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

drugs. ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both

a fine and such imprisonment;

(b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months or to both such fine and such imprisonment, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) A person who, when in charge of a motor vehicle which is on a road or other public place (but not driving the vehicle), is unfit to drive through drink or drugs shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding six months or to both a fine and such imprisonment;

(b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to such imprisonment as aforesaid or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

A person shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection not to have been in charge of a motor vehicle if he proves—

(i) that at the material time the circumstances were such

that there was no likelihood of his driving the vehicle so long as he remained unfit to drive through drink or drugs; and

(ii) that between his becoming unfit to drive as aforesaid and the material time he had not driven the vehicle on a road or other public place.

I

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

49

(3) A person liable to be charged with an offence under this Part 1 section shall not be liable to be charged—

(a) under section twelve of the Licensing Act, 1872, with

the offence of being drunk while in charge, on a highway or other public place, of a carriage, or

(b) under section seventy of the Licensing (Scotland) Act,

1903, with the offence of being drunk while in charge, in a street or other place, of a carriage.

(4) A police constable may arrest without warrant a person committing an offence under this section.

(5) Where a person convicted of an offence under subsection

(2) of this section has been previously convicted of an offence under subsection (1) thereof, he shall be treated for the purposes of the said subsection (2) as having been previously convicted under that subsection.

(6) In this section "unfit to drive through drink or drugs" means under the influence of drink or a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of having proper control of a motor vehicle.

7. A person who promotes or takes part in a race or trial of Motor racing speed between motor vehicles on a public highway shall be liable on highways, on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds

or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

8. —(1) It shall not be lawful for more than one person in Restriction on addition to the driver to be carried on a two-wheeled motor carriage of cycle, nor shall it be lawful for any such one person to be so

carried otherwise than sitting astride the cycle and on a proper seat securely fixed to the cycle behind the driver’s seat.

(2) If a person is carried on a cycle in contravention of the foregoing subsection, the driver of the cycle shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

Offences connected with Riding of pedal Cycles

9. If a person rides a bicycle or tricycle, not being a motor Reckless, and vehicle, on a road recklessly, or at a speed or in a manner dangerous, which is dangerous to the public, having regard to all the cydinfr circumstances of the case, including the nature, condition and

use of the road, and the amount of traffic which is actually at the time, or which might reasonably be expected to be, on the road, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

50

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Careless, and —U) If a person rides a bicycle or tricycle, not being a

inconsiderate, motor vehicle, on a road without due care and attention, or with-cycling. * out reasonable consideration for other persons using the road, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent oonviotion to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) Where a person is charged in England or Wales before a magistrates* court with an offence under the last foregoing section, and the court is of opinion that the offence is not proved, then, at any time during the hearing or immediately thereafter the court may, without prejudice to any other powers possessed by^ the court, direct or allow a charge for an offence under this section to be preferred forthwith against the defendant and may thereupon proceed with that charge, so however that he or his solicitor or counsel shall be informed of the new charge and be given an opportunity, whether by way of cross-examining any witness whose evidence has already been given against the defendant or otherwise, of answering the new charge, and the court shall, if it considers that the defendant is prejudiced in his defence by reason of the new charge’s being so preferred, adjourn the hearing.

Cycling when 11.—(1) A person who, when riding a bicycle or tricycle, not

undter influence being a motor vehicle, on a road or other public place, is unfit draosL °r to r^e through drink or drugs shall be liable on summary aTU^m conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds, or in the case

of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(2) A person liable to be charged with an offence under this section shall not be liable to be charged—

(a) under section twelve of the Licensing Act, 1872, with

the offence of being drunk while in charge, on a highway or other public place, of a carriage, or

(b) under section seventy of the Licensing (Scotland) Act,

1903, with the offence of being drunk while in charge, in a street or other place, of a carriage.

(3) A police constable may arrest without warrant a person committing an offence under this section.

(4) In this section " unfit to ride through drink or drugs " means, as regards a person riding a bicycle or tricycle, under the influence of drink or a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of having proper control of it.

Regulation of 12.—(1) A person who promotes or takes part in a race

cycle racing or trial of speed on a public highway between bicycles or tricycles, on highways. not being motor vehicles, shall, unless the race or trial is

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

51

authorised, and is conducted in accordance with any conditions imposed, by or under regulations under this section, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(2) The appropriate Minister may by regulations authorise, or provide for authorising, for the purposes of the foregoing subsection the holding on a public highway of races or trials of speed of any class or description, or a particular race or trial of speed, in such cases as may be prescribed and subject to such conditions as may be imposed by or under the regulations, and may prescribe the procedure to be followed, and die particulars to be given, in connection with applications for authorisation under the regulations, and regulations under this section may make different provision for different classes or descriptions of races and trials.

(3) Without prejudice to any other powers exercisable in that behalf, the chief officer of police may give such directions with respect to the movement of, or the route to be followed by, vehicular traffic, during such period, as may be necessary or expedient to prevent or mitigate congestion or obstruction of traffic, or danger to or from traffic, in consequence of the holding of a race or trial of speed authorised by or under regulations under this section, including a direction that any road or part of a road specified in die direction shall be closed during any such period to vehicles or to vehicles of a class or description so specified.

(4) In this section " public highway " does not include a footpath or bridleway.

13. —(1) It shall not be lawful for more than one person to be carried on a road on a bicycle not propelled by mechanical power unless it is constructed or adapted for the carriage of more than one person.

(2) If a person is carried on a bicycle in contravention of the foregoing subsection, each of the persons carried shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(3) In this section references to a person carried on a bicycle shall include references to a person riding the bicycle.

Offences connected with Traffic generally

14. —(1) Where a police constable is for the time being engaged in the regulation of traffic in a road, or where a traffic sign, being a sign of the prescribed size, colour and type, or of another character authorised by the appropriate Minister under the provisions in that behalf of this Act, has been lawfully placed on or near a road, a person driving or propelling a vehicle who—

Part I

Restriction on carriage of persons on bicycles.

Drivers to comply with traffic directions.

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

52

Ch. 16

Part I

Pedestrians to comply with directions to stop given by constables regulating vehicular traffic.

Leaving vehicles in dangerous positions.

(a) neglects or refuses to stop the vehicle or to make it proceed in, or keep to, a particular line of traffic when directed so to do by the police constable in the execution of his duty, or

(b) fails to comply with the indication given by the sign,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2) A traffic sign shall not be treated for the purposes of this section as having been lawfully placed unless either—

(a) the indication given by the sign is an indication of a statutory prohibition, restriction or requirement, or

(b) it is expressly provided by or under any provision of this Act that this section shall apply to the sign or to signs of a type of which the sign is one;

and where the indication mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection is of the general nature only of the prohibition, restriction or requirement to which the sign relates a person shall not be convicted of failure to comply with the indication unless he has failed to comply with the said prohibition, restriction or requirement.

(3) For the purposes of this section a traffic sign placed on or near a road shall be deemed to be of the prescribed size, colour and type, or of another character authorised as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and (subject to the last foregoing subsection) to have been lawfully so placed, unless the contrary is proved.

(4) It shall be lawful in Scotland to convict a person of a contravention of this section on the evidence of one witness.

15. Where a police constable in uniform is for the time being engaged in the regulation of vehicular traffic in a road, a person on foot who proceeds across or along the carriageway in contravention of a direction to stop given by the constable, in the execution of his duty, either to persons on foot or to persons on foot and other traffic, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds.

16. If a person in charge of a vehicle causes or permits the vehicle or a trailer drawn thereby to remain at rest on a road in such a position or in such condition or in such circumstances as to be likely to cause danger to other persons using the road, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

53

I960

twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent con- Part I viction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment tor a term not exceeding three months.

Restrictions on Use of motor Vehicles off Roadway

17.—(1) No person shall promote or take part in a trial of Control of any description between motor vehicles on a footpath or bridle- J?1^ way unless the holding of the trial has been authorised under this tadEways section by the local authority. for motor

vehicle trials.

(2) A local authority shall not give an authorisation under this section unless satisfied that consent in writing to the use of any length of footpath or bridleway for the purposes of the trial has been given by the owner and by the occupier of the land over which that length of footpath or bridleway runs, and any such authorisation may be given subject to compliance with such conditions as the authority think fit

(3) A person who contravenes subsection (1) of this section, or fails to comply with any conditions subject to which an authorisation under this section has been granted, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(4) No statutory provision prohibiting or restricting the use of footpaths or bridleways or a specified footpath or bridleway shall affect the holding of a trial authorised under this section; but this section shall not prejudice any right or remedy of a person as having an interest in any land.

(5) In this section " local authority "—

(a) as respects England and Wales, means the council of a county or county borough, except that in relation to a footpath or bridleway for which the council of a borough, not being a county borough, or of an urban district is the highway authority, the said expression means that council;

(b) as respects Scotland, means a county council or town council.

18.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, if without Prohibition of lawful authority a person drives a motor vehicle on to or upon driving motor any common land, moorland or other land of whatsoever description, not being land forming part of a road, or on any on roads# road being a footpath or bridleway, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(2) It shall not be an offence under this section to drive a motor vehicle on any land within fifteen yards of a road, being a road on which a motor vehicle may lawfully be driven, for the purpose only of parking the vehicle on that land.

54

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I (3) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under this section with respect to a vehicle if he proves to the satisfaction of the court that it was driven in contravention of this section for the purpose of saving life or extinguishing fire or meeting any other like emergency.

(4) It is hereby declared that nothing in this section prejudices the operation of section one hundred and ninety-three of the Law of Property Act, 1925 (which relates to the rights of the public over commons and waste lands), or of any byelaws applying to any land or affects the law of trespass to land or any right or remedy to which a person may by law be entitled in respect of any such trespass or in particular confers a right to park a vehicle on any land.

Speed Limits on restricted Roads

General speed limit for restricted roads.

19.—(1) It shall not be lawful for a person to drive a motor vehicle on a restricted road at a speed exceeding thirty miles per hour.

(2) A direction may be given as respects any specified restricted road that the foregoing subsection shall have effect as if it imposed a limit of speed of forty miles per hour.

(3) The Minister and the Secretary of State, acting jointly, may by order made by statutory instrument and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament increase or reduce the rate of speed fixed by subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, either as originally enacted or as varied under this subsection.

What roads 20.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a road is a

restricted. restricted road for the purposes of the last foregoing section if there is provided thereon a system of street lighting furnished by means of lamps placed not more than two hundred yards apart.

(2) A trunk road or classified road is not a restricted road for the purposes of the last foregoing section by reason only of the provision thereon of such a system of street lighting as aforesaid unless such a system was provided thereon before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

(3) A direction may be given that a specified road which is a restricted road for the purposes of the last foregoing section shall cease to be a restricted road for those purposes or that a specified road which is not a restricted road for those purposes shall become a restricted road for those purposes.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

55

(4) In any proceedings for a contravention of the last fore- Part I going section—

(a) a certificate of an officer of the highway authority for any road stating whether such a system of street lighting as aforesaid was provided thereon before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven; and

(b) a certificate of an officer of the appropriate Minister that a road is or is not a trunk road or a classified road,

shall be evidence of the facts certified; and a document purporting to be such a certificate and to be signed by such an officer as is mentioned in paragraph ia) or of this subsection shall be deemed to be such a certificate unless the contrary is shown.

(5) No part of a special road shall be a restricted road for the purposes of the last foregoing section on or after such date as may be declared by a notice published by the highway authority, in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made by the appropriate Minister, to be the date on which it is open for use as a special road.

21.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the authority Provisions as having power to give a direction under subsection (2) of section to directions nineteen of this Act or subsection (3) of the last foregoing 19 section— and 20.

(a) as respects a road outside the London Traffic Area, not

being a trunk road, shall be the local authority;

(b) as respects a road in the London Traffic Area, not being

a trunk road, shall be the Minister;

(c) as respects a trunk road, shall be the appropriate

Minister.

(2) A direction given in a case falling within paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection shall be given by means of an order made by the local authority after giving public notice of their intention to make an order and after consultation with the chief officer of police and with the consent of the appropriate Minister.

(3) A direction given in a case falling within paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall be given by means of an order made, by statutory instrument, by the Minister after giving public notice of his intention to make an order and after consultation with the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee.

(4) A direction given in a case falling within paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section shall be given by means of an order made, by statutory instrument, by the appropriate Minister after giving public notice of his intention to make an order and.

56

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I in the case of a road in the London Traffic Area, after consultation with the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee.

(5) The appropriate Minister may give notice to the local authority, as respects any road falling within paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section which is a restricted road for the purposes of section nineteen of this Act, that he has under consideration the question whether—

(a) a direction should be given that it shall cease to be a

restricted road for those purposes, or

(b) a direction for the time being in force that it shall be a restricted road for those purposes should be revoked or varied, or

(c) a direction should be given that the limit of speed

applicable under the said section nineteen shall be the limit imposed by subsection (2) of that section;

and where such a notice has been given, then if within the time limited by the notice the local authority so require the appropriate Minister shall, and in any case he may, hold a local inquiry, and subject as aforesaid may by order, made by statutory instrument, give, or revoke or vary, the direction, as the case may be.

(6) A direction given by order under the foregoing provisions of this section may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order made in the like manner.

Signs for

indicating

speed

restrictions.

22.—(1) It shall be the duty of the competent authority—

(a) to erect and maintain the prescribed traffic signs in such

positions as may be requisite in order to give effect to general or other directions given by the appropriate Minister for the purpose of securing that adequate guidance is given to drivers of motor vehicles as to whether a road is or is not a restricted road for the purposes of section nineteen of this Act, and what limit of speed is to be observed where a road is a restricted road for those purposes; and

(b) to alter or remove traffic signs as may be requisite in

order to give effect to such directions as aforesaid, either in consequence of the making of an order by the appropriate Minister or otherwise;

and if the authority make default in executing any works required for the performance of the duty imposed upon them by this subsection, the appropriate Minister may himself execute them; and the expense incurred by him in so doing shall be recoverable by him from the authority and, in England or Wales, shall be so recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

I960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

57

(2) In its application to a trunk toad the foregoing subsection Part I shall have effect with the omission of the words " in order to

give effect to general or other directions given by the appropriate Minister " in paragraph (a), and the words from the beginning of paragraph (b) to the end of the subsection.

(3) Where no system of street lighting furnished by means of lamps placed not more than two hundred yards apart is provided on a road but the road is a restricted road for the purposes of section nineteen of this Act, a person shall not be convicted of a contravention of that section unless the fact that it is a restricted road for those purposes is indicated by means of such traffic signs as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(4) In any proceedings for such a contravention as aforesaid, being proceedings relating to driving on a road provided with such a system of street lighting as is specified in the last foregoing subsection, evidence of the absence of traffic signs displayed in pursuance of this section to indicate that the road is not a restricted road for the purposes of section nineteen of this Act shall be evidence that the road is a restricted road for those purposes.

(5) In this section 44 the competent authority " means—

(a) as respects a road outside the London Traffic Area,

not being a trunk road, the local authority;

(b) as respects a road in the London Traffic Area, not being

a trunk road, the Common Council of the City of London if the road is in the City, the council of a metropolitan borough if the road is elsewhere in the administrative county of London, and the local authority if the road is outside the administrative county of London;

(c) as respects a trunk road, the appropriate Minister.

23.—(1) In the four last foregoing sections 44 local Provisions authority "— supplementary

ia) in relation to a road in England or Wales means— 191022°*

(i) in the case of a road in a county borough or in a non-county borough having a population according to the last published census of over twenty thousand, the council of the borough;

(ii) in the case of a road in an urban district having such a population as aforesaid, the council of the district;

(iii) in the case of a road in a non-county borough not having such a population as aforesaid, in an urban district not having such a population, or in a rural district, the council of the county in which it is situated;

58

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part I

Speed limits for vehicles of different classes or descriptions.

Exemption of fire engines, Ac., from speed limits.

(b) in relation to a road in Scotland, means the county or town council responsible for the maintenance and management of the road; and " road " means any length of road.

(2) A county council in Scotland shall, before arriving at a decision as to the exercise of any power conferred on them by the four last foregoing sections with regard to a classified road in a burgh, consult with the town council of the burgh.

Speed Limits for certain Classes of Vehicles

24.—(1) It shall not be lawful for a person to drive a motor vehicle of any class or description on a road at a speed greater than the speed specified in the First Schedule to this Act as the maximum speed in relation to a vehicle of that class or description.

(2) The Minister may by regulations vary, subject to such conditions as may be specified in the regulations, the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act.

(3) Regulations under this section may make different provision as respects the same class or description of vehicles in different circumstances.

(4) Without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, regulations under this section may make particular provision in relation to vehicles while being driven on special roads, but such provision shall not have effect in relation to any part of a special road until such date as may be declared by a notice published by the highway authority, in manner prescribed for the publication of notices under subsection (5) of section twenty of this Act, to be the date on which it is open for use as a special road.

(5) The Minister shall not have power under this section to vary the speed limit imposed by section nineteen of this Act.

(6) The Minister shall not have power under this section to impose a speed limit, as respects driving on roads not being restricted roads for the purposes of section nineteen of this Act, on a vehicle which is constructed solely for the carriage of passengers and their effects, is not adapted to carry more than seven passengers exclusive of the driver, is not a heavy motor car, is not an invalid carriage, is not drawing a trailer, and is fitted with pneumatic tyres on all its wheels.

Speed Limits: Exemptions

25. No statutory provision imposing a speed limit on motor vehicles shall apply to any vehicle on an occasion when it is being used for fire brigade, ambulance or police purposes, if the observance of those provisions would be likely to hinder the use of the vehicle for the purpose for which it is being used on that occasion.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

59

Traffic Regulation outside London Traffic Area

26.—(1) The authority hereinafter specified may make an order (in this and the three next following sections referred to as a " traffic regulation order ") as respects any road outside the London Traffic Area where it appears to the authority making the order that it is expedient so to do—

(a) for avoiding danger to persons or other traffic using

the road or any other road, or

(b) for preventing damage to the road or to any building

on or near the road, or

(c) for facilitating the passage of vehicular traffic on the

road or any other road, or

() for preventing the use of the road by vehicular traffic

of a kind which, or the use thereof by such traffic in a manner which, is unsuitable having regard to the existing character of the road or adjoining property, or

(e) without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing

paragraph, for preserving the character of the road in a case where it is specially suitable for use by persons on horseback or on foot

(2) The authority having power to make traffic regulation orders—

(a) as respects roads not being trunk roads, shall be the

local authority, that is to say. in England or Wales, the council of a county or county borough or of any other borough having a population of over twenty thousand according to the last census for the time being or of an urban district having such a population, and in Scotland a county council or a town council,

(b) as respects trunk roads, shall be the appropriate

Minister;

and the appropriate Minister, on application in that behalf being made to him by the governing body of a university in the receipt of a grant from public moneys, and after holding if he thinks fit a public inquiry, shall have power to make a traffic regulation order as respects a road not being a trunk road.

The powers conferred by this subsection on the appropriate Minister shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(3) The provision which may be made by a traffic regulation order shall be any provision prohibiting, restricting or regulating the use of a road or any part of the width thereof by vehicular traffic or by such traffic of any class or description specified in the order, either generally or subject to exceptions so specified, and either at all times or at times, on days or during periods

Part I

Traffic regulation orders outside London Traffic Area.

60

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1 so specified, and, without prejudice to the generality of this subsection, any provision—

(a) requiring such traffic to proceed in a specified direction

or prohibiting its so proceeding,

(b) specifying the part of the carriageway to be used by such

traffic proceeding in a specified direction,

(c) prohibiting or restricting the waiting of vehicles or the

loading and unloading of vehicles,

() prohibiting the use of roads by through traffic,

(e) prohibiting or restricting overtaking,

(/) regulating the speed of vehicles;

but no prohibition or restriction on waiting imposed under this section shall apply to a stage carriage or express carriage.

(4) Subject to the next following subsection, no order shall be made under this section with respect to any road which would have the effect of preventing such access as may be reasonably required for vehicles of any class or description to any premises situated on or adjacent to the road, or any other premises accessible for vehicles of that class or description from, and only from, the road; but for the purposes of this prohibition a restriction on the loading or unloading of goods shall in no circumstances be treated as preventing such access as may be reasonably required if the restriction does not prevent loading or unloading for more than six hours in all in any consecutive period of twenty-four hours.

(5) The last foregoing subsection shall not have effect in relation to an order made by the appropriate Minister or confirmed by him in pursuance of the next following section in so far as the authority making the order is satisfied that, for avoiding danger to persons or other traffic using the road to which the order relates or any other road, or for preventing damage to the road or buildings on or near it, it is requisite that that subsection should not apply, and it is stated in the order that the said authority is satisfied as aforesaid.

(6) This section shall not apply in relation to any part of a special road on or after such date as may be declared by a notice published by the highway authority, in manner prescribed for the publication of notices under subsection (5) of section twenty of this Act, to be the date on which it is open for use as a special road.

(7) A person who uses a vehicle, or causes or permits a vehicle to be used, in contravention of a traffic regulation order

I960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

61

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding Part I twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

ft*—(1) Save as provided by subsection (4) of this section. Confirmation, a traffic regulation order made by a local authority shall not revocation have effect unless confirmed by the appropriate Minister. of load*8*011

authorities*

(2) The appropriate Minister, if he confirms any such order as traffic aforesaid, may confirm it either without modification or subject regulation to such modifications as he thinks fit, but he shall not confirm an orders, order until twenty-eight days at least have elapsed since the making of the order and, before confirming it, shall consider any objections which may have been made to him against the order and, if he thinks fit, may cause a public inquiry to be held.

(3) Any such order as aforesaid may be revoked, varied or amended by order of the local authority, subject to the like confirmation, given subject to the like provisions, as the first-mentioned order, or may be revoked, varied or amended by order made, by statutory instrument, by the appropriate Minister, after giving notice to the local authority and holding, if he thinks fit, a public inquiry.

(4) An order made by a local authority containing no provision other than provision—

(a) requiring traffic to proceed in a specified direction or

prohibiting its so proceeding,

(b) specifying the part of the carriageway to be used by

traffic proceeding in a specified direction,

(c) prohibiting or restricting the waiting of vehicles or

the loading and unloading of vehicles,

() prohibiting or restricting the use of footpaths or

bridleways by bicycles and tricycles, or

(e) revoking or varying any such requirement, prohibition

or restriction,

shall not require confirmation; but where the appropriate Minister revokes, varies or amends any such order as aforesaid, an order imposing or varying, as respects the same length of road, any such requirement, prohibition or restriction as aforesaid, being an order made within twelve months after the revocation, variation or amendment by the appropriate Minister, shall be subject to confirmation by him to the like extent as if this subsection had not been passed.

62

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

Provisions as to Ministers* traffic regulation orders.

Provisions supplementary to sections 26 to 28.

The London

and Home

Counties

Traffic

Advisory

Committee.

28. —(1) A traffic regulation order made by the appropriate Minister may be revoked, varied or amended by order made by him by statutory instrument.

(2) Before making, revoking, varying or amending a traffic regulation order as respects a trunk road, the appropriate Minister shall give notice to the local authority (as defined in subsection (2) of section twenty-six of this Act) and shall, if he thinks fit, hold a public inquiry; and before revoking, vaiying or amending a traffic regulation order made upon the application of the governing body of a university, he shall give notice to that body and, if he thinks fit, hold a public inquiry.

29. —(1) The appropriate Minister may make regulations for prescribing the procedure to be followed in connection with the making by local authorities of orders under sections twenty-six and twenty-seven of this Act, the confirmation of orders so made where confirmation is required, and the holding of inquiries for the purposes of any of the three last foregoing sections.

(2) Where a traffic regulation order is made by a local authority, or having been so made is revoked, varied or amended (whether by an order made by them or one made by the appropriate Minister), the local authority shall publish, in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made by the appropriate Minister, notice of the making and effect of the order.

Regulations under this subsection may be made so as to apply either generally or in such circumstances only as may be specified in the regulations.

Traffic Regulation in London Traffic Area

30.—(1) With a view to facilitating and improving the regulation of traffic in and near London, the committee constituted by section one of the London Traffic Act, 1924, by the name of the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee shall continue in existence by that name for the purpose of giving advice and assistance to the Minister, in manner provided by this Act, in connection with the exercise and performance of his powers and duties in relation to traffic within the London Traffic Area.

(2) The constitution of the said Committee shall be that provided by the provisions in that behalf of the Second Schedule to this Act and the supplementary provisions contained in that Schedule shall have effect with respect to the said Committee.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

63

31. —(1) Without prejudice to the duties conferred on them Part I

by any other enactment, it shall be the duty of the London and General

Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee— functions of

Advisory

(a) to consider, report to and advise the Minister on any committee, matters relating to traffic within the London Traffic Area which in their opinion ought to be brought to the notice of the Minister and, in particular, to consider, report to and advise the Minister on any of the matters mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act which may be referred to them by the Minister;

(b) to consider, report to and advise the Minister on any other matters which under this Act are referred to them by the Minister.

(2) References in the said Third Schedule to streets shall be construed as including references to highways and bridges carrying highways and to lanes, mews, footways, squares, courts, alleys and passages whether thoroughfares or not.

32. The London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Com- Annual report

mittee shall make an annual report on their proceedings to the of Advisory Minister, which shall be laid before Parliament Committee.

33. —(1) In a case where the London and Home Counties Power of Traffic Advisory Committee think it desirable or expedient so Advisory to do, the Committee may, before advising and reporting to the p)PI?jttce Minister on any matter referred to them in pursuance of this}®

or any other Act, appoint one or more of their number to hold, or may if they think it advisable themselves hold, such public inquiry into the matter as they may think fit, and when one or more members of the Committee are appointed to hold the inquiry they shall make a report to the Committee.

(2) Before any such inquiry is held the Committee shall give public notice of the date and place at which the inquiry will be held and of the matters to be dealt with at the inquiry, and any person affected may make representations to the member or members holding the inquiry, or, in the case of an inquiry held by the Committee themselves, to the Committee, and unless in their discretion the member, members or Committee consider it unnecessary, any such person shall be heard at the inquiry.

For the purposes of this subsection the Corporation of the City of London and the council of any county, borough or district wholly or partly comprised in the London Traffic Area shall be deemed to be persons affected and (notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this subsection) shall have the right to be heard in any case where the Corporation or council, or any persons represented by them, may be affected by the inquiry.

(3) In a case where the Minister thinks it expedient or proper so to do, he may delegate to the Committee the duty

64

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I of holding any inquiry respecting any matter affecting traffic within the London Traffic Area which under the provisions of this or any other Act he is authorised or required to hold, and where he has so delegated any such duty the Committee shall appoint one or more of their number to hold, or may if they think it advisable themselves hold, such inquiry as is required under the provisions in respect of which the duty has been delegated; and when one or more members of the Committee are appointed to hold the inquiry they shall make a report to the Committee.

(4) In a case where in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section a public inquiry is held by a member of the Committee or by the Committee themselves, the member or Committee may by order require any person, subject to payment or tender of the reasonable expenses of his attendance, to attend as a witness at the inquiry and to give evidence, or to produce any documents in his possession or power which relate to the subject matter of the inquiry and are such as would not be privileged from production in a court of law, and shall have power to take evidence on oath, and that member or the chairman of the Committee shall have power to administer oaths for that purpose.

(5) If a person fails without reasonable excuse to comply with an order made under the last foregoing subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(6) In this section " borough " includes metropolitan borough.

Traffic 34.—(1) The Minister may make regulations for controlling

jssujatwnin or regulating vehicular and other traffic on roads within the London Traffic London Traffic Area and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words, for any of the purposes, or with respect to any of the matters, mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

(2) Any such regulations may be made so as to apply—

(a) to the London Traffic Area as a whole, or to particular

parts thereof, or to particular places or streets, or parts of streets, therein;

(b) throughout the day, or during particular periods;

(c) on special occasions only, or at special times only;

() to vehicles and traffic of any particular class;

and, for the purposes of paragraph id) of this subsection, may classify vehicles and traffic by reference to any one or more of the following considerations, that is to say, weight, motive power, speed, the character of the load carried or the absence of any load, the number of passengers the vehicle is adapted to carry and the purpose for which, and the direction in which, the traffic is being conducted, and, in the case of public service

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

65

vehicles, the nature of the service provided by the vehicle. Part I the route on which the vehicle is being operated and whether k is for the time being engaged in carrying passengers or not.

(3) Any regulations so made by the Minister may provide for the suspension or modification so long as the regulations remain in force of any provisions of any Acts (whether public general or local or private, and including provisions contained in this Act), byelaws or regulations, dealing with the same subject matter as the regulations made by the Minister, or of any Acts conferring power of making byelaws or regulations dealing with the same subject matter, so far as such provisions apply to any place or street to which the regulations made by the Minister apply.

(4) Any such regulations may provide for imposing fines recoverable summarily in respect of breaches thereof not exceeding in the case of a first offence twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent offence fifty pounds, together with, in the case of a continuing offence, a further fine not exceeding five pounds for each day the offence continues after notice of the offence has been given in such manner as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(5) Before making any regulations under this section the Minister shall refer the matter to the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee for their advice and report.

(6) Before making any such regulations which will impose new or additional duties on the police, the Minister shall consult the Secretary of State.

(7) The making of any regulations under this section shall be conclusive evidence that the requirements of this section have been complied with.

(8) This section shall not apply in relation to any part of a special road on or after such date as may be declared by a notice published by the highway authority, in manner prescribed for the publication of notices under subsection (5) of section twenty of this Act, to be the date on which it is open for use as a special road.

(9) In this section and in the Fourth Schedule to this Act "street" includes any highway and any bridge carrying a highway, and any lane, mews, footway, square, court, alley or passage whether a thoroughfare or not.

35.—(1) Where it appears to the commissioner of police Experimental expedient so to do for the purpose of carrying out within his traffic schemes area an experimental scheme of traffic control, he may with m London* the consent of the Minister, and after giving such notice as the Minister may direct, make regulations for regulating vehicular traffic in any manner specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act

c

66

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I (2) Any provision contained in regulations under this section may be made so as to apply at all times or on specified days or during specified periods, and either throughout the day or during any specified part of the day, and to vehicular traffic generally or to such traffic of any class or description specified in the regulations, and regulations under this section may make different provision for different classes or descriptions of traffic.

(3) If a person contravenes, or fails to comply with, regulations under this section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(4) Regulations under this section may suspend or modify regulations made by the Minister under the last foregoing section.

(5) Regulations under this section shall not continue in force for a period longer than six months after the making thereof, together with such further period (if any) not exceeding twelve months as the Minister may at any time before the expiration of the regulations direct; and (without prejudice to the power of the commissioner of police to revoke regulations under this section) such regulations may be revoked by regulations of the Minister under the last foregoing section.

(6) A document purporting to be a copy, certified by a person authorised by the commissioner of police, of regulations under this section shall be evidence of the contents of such regulations.

(7) This section shall apply within the metropolitan police district and the City of London, but not elsewhere; and in this section " the commissioner of police " means, in relation to the metropolitan police district, the commissioner of police of the metropolis, and in relation to the City of London, the commissioner of police for the City of London.

Traffic Regulation in special Cases

Temporary 36.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, if a highway

prohibition or authority are satisfied that traffic on a road for the mainten-trafficonr<Mids ance °* which they are responsible should, by reason of any * works’ being executed or proposed to be executed on or near the road, be restricted or prohibited, they may by order restrict or prohibit the use of that road or of any part thereof by vehicles or by vehicles of any particular class or description to such extent and subject to such conditions or exceptions as they may consider necessary.

A highway authority, when considering the question of the making of an order under this subsection, shall have regard to the existence of alternative routes suitable for the traffic which will be affected by the order.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

67

(2) A highway authority may at any time by notice restrict or prohibit temporarily the use of a road or any part of a road by vehicles or by vehicles of any particular class or description where, owing to the likelihood of danger to the public or of serious damage to the highway, it appears to them necessary that such restriction or prohibition should come into force without delay.

(3) The provision which may be made by any such order or notice as aforesaid shall be any such provision as is mentioned in subsection (3) of section twenty-six of this Act.

(4) Where an order under subsection (1) or a notice under subsection (2) of this section is made or issued by a highway authority, any such provision as is specified in paragraph (a), ib) or (c) of subsection (3) of section twenty-six of this Act may be made, as respects any alternative road,—

(a) where that authority is the highway authority for the alternative road, by order made by them;

(b) where that authority is not the highway authority therefor, by order made,—

(i) where the alternative road is other than a trunk road, by that authority, with the consent of the highway authority for the alternative road;

(ii) where the alternative road is a trunk road, by the appropriate Minister on the application of that authority;

and subsections (4) and (5) of the said section twenty-six shall apply to an order under this subsection as they apply to an order under that section.

Any power conferred by this subsection to make an order shall include power to vary or revoke it.

(5) An order made or notice issued under the foregoing provisions of this section may suspend any statutory provision of a description which could have been contained in the order or notice or, in the case of an order under the last foregoing subsection, any statutory provision prohibiting the use of roads by through traffic, and any such provision (other than one contained in the order or notice) shall have effect subject to the order or notice.

(6) An order under subsection (1) or subsection (4) of this section, not being an order made by a Minister, shall not without the approval of the appropriate Minister continue in force for a longer period than six weeks from the making thereof; and where the appropriate Minister has refused to approve the continuing in force of an order made under the said subsection (1) then except with the approval of the appropriate Minister no subsequent order shall be made under that subsection as respects any length of road to which the previous order related unless at feast three months have expired from the time when the previous order ceased to have effect.

Part I

68

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 B2

Part I

Traffic

regulation on soecial roads.

(7) A notice issued under subsection (2) of this section shall not continue in force for a longer period than fourteen days from the date thereof.

(8) A person who uses or permits the use of a vehicle in contravention of a restriction or prohibition imposed under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(9) The provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the notification of the exercise or proposed exercise of the powers conferred by this section and otherwise in relation thereto; and in that Schedule " the principal section " means this section.

(10) In this section "alternative road", in relation to a road as respects which an order under subsection (1) or notice under subsection (2) of this section is made or issued, means a road providing an alternative route for traffic diverted from the first-mentioned road or from any other alternative road, or capable of providing such an alternative route apart from any statutory provision authorised by the foregoing provisions of this section to be suspended by an order under subsection (4) of this section.

(11) The powers conferred by this section on the appropriate Minister to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

37.—(1) A special road shall not be used, except as provided by or under regulations made under the next following subsection, by any traffic other than traffic of a class authorised in that behalf by a scheme under section one of the Special Roads Act, 1949, or section eleven of the Hightways Act, 1959 (or, if the road is one to which the last-mentioned Act applies by virtue of section nineteen thereof, by any traffic other than traffic of a class for the time being authorised by virtue of that section).

(2) The appropriate Minister may make regulations with respect to the use of special roads, and such regulations may, in particular,—

(a) regulate the manner in which and the conditions subject

to which special roads may be used by traffic of the class authorised in that behalf by such a scheme as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section or, as the case may be, by virtue of the said section nineteen;

(b) authorise, or enable such authority as may be specified in the regulations to authorise, the use of special roads, on occasion or in emergency or for the purpose of crossing, or for the purpose of securing access to premises abutting on or adjacent to the roads, by traffic other than such traffic as aforesaid, or relax or enable any such authority as aforesaid to relax any prohibition or restriction imposed by the regulations.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

69

(3) Regulations made under the last foregoing subsection may Part I make provision with respect to special roads generally, or may

make different provision with respect to special roads provided for the use of different classes of traffic, or may make provision with respect to any particular special road.

(4) If a person uses a special road in contravention of this section or of regulations under subsection (2) thereof he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(5) The provisions of this section, and of any regulations made under subsection (2) thereof, shall not apply to any part of a special road until such date as may be declared by a notice published by the highway authority, in manner prescribed for the publication of notices under subsection (5) of section twenty of this Act, to be the date on which it is open for use as a special road; but nothing in this subsection shall be construed as preventing the making of regulations under subsection (2) of this section so as to come into force, in relation to any such road, on the said date.

(6) In this section "use", in relation to a road, includes crossing.

38. —(1) Without prejudice to the powers of the appropriate One-way traffic Minister under section twenty-six of this Act, where he pro-on roads* poses to make an order under section one of the Trunk Roads

Act, 1946, or section seven of the Highways Act, 1959, directing that a road shall become a trunk road and considers it expedient that that road, when it becomes a trunk road, should be used only for traffic passing in one direction, and that any other road, being a trunk road or a road which is to become a trunk road by virtue of the order, should be used only for traffic passing in the other direction, the order under the said section one or the said section seven, as the case may be, may make provision for restricting the use of those roads accordingly as from such date as may be specified in that behalf in the order.

(2) A person who uses a vehicle or causes or permits a vehicle to be used in contravention of any provision made by virtue of the foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

39. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, a local Regulation

authority may make orders for determining the highways which .

may or may not be used by public service vehicles in the area ^vfce

or in any part of the area of the authority and for fixing thereon vehicles.

70

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part 1 stands for public service vehicles and as to the places at which such vehicles may stop for a longer time than is necessary for the taking up and setting down of passengers and as to the manner of using such stands and places.

(2) No order shall be made under this section as respects the London Traffic Area.

(3) Where a local authority propose to make an order under subsection (1) of this section, they shall cause notice of the proposal to be published in at least one newspaper circulating within their area, and every such notice shall specify the nature of the proposal and state that a copy of the draft order is open to inspection at a specified place, and specify the period, which shall not be less than twenty-eight days, within which any persons affected by the proposed order may send to the Minister and the local authority objections in writing.

(4) An order made under subsection (1) of this section shall be of no effect unless and until it is confirmed by the Minister, and the Minister before confirming any such order shall consider any objections sent as aforesaid and shall consult with the traffic commissioners for the traffic area in which the area or any part of the area of the local authority is situate.

(5) The Minister may confirm an order made under subsection (1) of this section either without modification or subject to such modifications as he thinks fit, or may refuse to confirm the order.

(6) An order made and confirmed under subsection (1) of this section unless previously revoked shall remain in operation •for three years, but may be renewed from time to time for a like period, and may at any time be altered or revoked by an order made in like manner and subject to the like provisions as the original order.

(7) The confirmation of an order under subsection (1) of this section shall be evidence that the requirements of this section have been complied with.

(8) In this section " local authority "—

(a) as respects England and Wales, means as regards a county borough or a non-county borough or urban district having a population according to the last census for the time being of over twenty thousand, and any other non-county borough or urban district or any rural district the council of which the Minister may by order declare to be a local authority for the purposes of this section, the council of the borough or district, and as regards any other area the council of the county; ib) as respects Scotland, means in a burgh the magistrates thereof and in a county the council thereof.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

71

40. —(1) The appropriate Minister may by order prohibit or Part I restrict, subject to such exceptions and conditions as to occasional Prohibition or user or access to premises or otherwise as may be specified in J^ehidL the order, the driving of vehicles on all roads of any such class ^roads of as may be specified in the order, if he is satisfied that it is certain classes, desirable that such an order should be made, and may by order

revoke, vary, amend or add to the provisions of such an order; but no order under this section shall have effect as respects any part of a special road on or after such date as may be declared by a notice published by the highway authority, in manner prescribed for the publication of notices under subsection (5) of section twenty of this Act, to be the date on which it is open for use as a special road.

(2) A prohibition or restriction under this section may be imposed either generally, or in relation to any class or description of vehicle, or to the use of vehicles for any purpose, or to the weight of vehicles, whether laden or unladen.

(3) For the purposes of this section the appropriate Minister may classify roads in any manner he thinks fit having regard to their character or situation, or the nature of the traffic to which they are suited, and may determine in what class any particular road shall be included.

(4) The powers conferred by this section to make, revoke, vary, amend and add to orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and a statutory instrument by which those powers are exercised shall not have effect unless and until it has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(5) A person who drives a vehicle, or causes or permits a vehicle to be driven, in contravention of an order under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

41. —(1) Where the bridge authority of a bridge over which Restriction of a road passes is satisfied that the bridge is insufficient to carry use of heavy vehicles of which the weights or axle weights, as hereinafter ^Saes defined, exceed certain limits, the authority may by a conspicuous notice in the prescribed form placed in a proper position

at each end of the bridge, prohibit the use of the bridge either—

(a) by any vehicle of which the weight exceeds a maximum

weight specified in the notice, not being less than five tons; or

(b) by any vehicle of which—

(i) the weight exceeds a maximum weight so specified, not being less than five tons, or

72

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1

(ii) any axle weight exceeds a maximum axle weight so specified, not being less than three tons,

and any such notice may, as regards both weight of vehicle and axle weight, specify different maximum weights in relation to a vehicle travelling at a speed less than a speed specified in the notice, and in relation to a vehicle travelling at that speed or a greater speed.

(2) The highway authority for a road leading to a bridge shall give to the bridge authority reasonable facilities for placing on the road any such notice as aforesaid and, if the highway authority so require, the bridge authority shall erect warning notices in the prescribed form at the principal junctions of roads leading to the bridge.

(3) Before placing a restriction or prohibition under this section on the use of a bridge, other than one carrying a trunk road and repairable by the appropriate Minister, the bridge authority shall give to the appropriate Minister twenty-eight days’ notice of their intention so to do with particulars of the restriction or prohibition, and the appropriate Minister shall cause a list to be kept of all restrictions or prohibitions which have been placed on the use of bridges under this section and the list shall be open to inspection by any person.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) " weight " means weight laden;

(b) the weight transmitted by a vehicle to any transverse

strip of the road surface five feet in breadth shall be taken as being an " axle weight " of that vehicle and, for the purposes of this paragraph, a vehicle and any trailer drawn thereby shall be deemed to be a single vehicle; and

(c) " placed in a proper position " means placed in such a position either on or near the bridge, or on or near the road leading to the bridge, as to be visible at a reasonable distance from the bridge to the drivers of vehicles approaching it;

() "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the appropriate Minister.

(5) If, without the consent of the bridge authority, a vehicle is driven across a bridge in contravention of a notice so placed as aforesaid, any person who so drives it, or causes or permits it to be so driven, shall, without prejudice to any civil liability incurred by him in the case of damage’s being caused to the bridge, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

73

If in any proceedings under this subsection the prosecutor satisfies the court that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the weight of the vehicle exceeded the maximum weight specified in the notice, or that any axle weight of the vehicle exceeded the maximum axle weight so specified, it shall lie on the defendant to prove that the weight of the vehicle or every axle weight of the vehicle, as the case may be, did not exceed such maximum weight or maximum axle weight

(6) Any person or body of persons aggrieved by a restriction or prohibition placed on the use of a bridge under this section, and any highway authority in whose area the bridge is situate, may at any time apply to the appropriate Minister for an order modifying or removing the restriction or prohibition.

(7) On receiving any such application as aforesaid or, in the case of a bridge caijying a trunk road, on Iris own initiative, the appropriate Minister may cause the bridge to be inspected, and may require the bridge authority to give to his inspector such information as to its structure and condition, and such other facilities for his investigation of the circumstances as the bridge authority may be able to give and, after considering the report of his inspector and any representations made to him by the bridge authority, may, if he thinks proper, make by statutory instrument an order modifying or removing the restriction or prohibition, or imposing different restrictions, and the bridge authority shah, within such time as may be specified in the order, cause notices to be erected complying with the order and, if the bridge authority fail to do so, the appropriate Minister may cause the notice complained of to be removed or varied, or new notices to be erected so as to comply with his order; and the expenses incurred by him in so doing shall be recoverable by him from the bridge authority and, in England or Wales, shall be so recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

(8) Where any such inspection and investigation is held, the appropriate Minister may make such order as to the payment of the costs incurred by him in connection therewith (including such reasonable sum not exceeding five guineas a day as he may determine for the services of any officer engaged thereon) by such party thereto as he thinks fit, and the appropriate Minister may certify the amount of the costs so incurred and any amount so certified and directed by the appropriate Minister to be paid by any person shall be recoverable from him, and shall be so recoverable, in England or Wales either as a debt due to the Crown or by the Minister summarily as a civil debt, and in Scotland by the Secretary of State.

For the purposes of this subsection the applicants and the bridge authority shall be treated as parties to the inspection and investigation.

(9) The appropriate Minister may at any time on an application made to him by the bridge authority, or on his owr

c*

Part 1

74

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

Power of highway and bridge

authorities to authorise carriage of excess weights on roads and bridges.

Removal of

vehicles

illegally,

obstructively or

dangerously

parked,

abandoned.

or broken

down.

initiative, by order made by statutory instrument vary or revoke any order made by him under subsection (7) of this section, if he is satisfied that it is proper so to do.

42. —(1) A highway authority as regards any road for the maintenance of which they are responsible, and a bridge authority as regards any bridge for the maintenance of which they are responsible, may, subject to such conditions as they think fit, grant a permit in respect of any trailer specified in the permit drawn by a heavy locomotive or a light locomotive on the road or bridge to carry weights specified in the permit notwithstanding that when conveying such weights the trailer does not comply with any regulations made by the Minister under the following provisions of this Part of this Act as to the weight laden of trailers or as to the maximum weight which may be transmitted to the road or any part thereof by trailers, and where such a permit is given it shall not, so long as the conditions, if any, attached to the permit are complied with, be an offence in the case of any such trailer to carry on that road or bridge weights authorised by the permit by reason only that the trailer when conveying them does not comply with such regulations as aforesaid:

Provided that, where a highway authority are responsible for <the maintenance of a road passing over a bridge but not for the maintenance of the bridge itself, the power conferred by this section shall be exercisable by the bridge authority and not by •the highway authority.

(2) In this section " highway authority " includes any person responsible for the maintenance of a road.

43. —(1) The appropriate Minister may by regulations make provision for the removal from roads, and safe custody, or for the moving from one position on a road to another position on that or another road, of, and of the loads carried by, vehicles which have been permitted to remain at rest on a road—

(a) in contravention of any statutory prohibition or restric-

tion, or

(b) in such a position or in such condition or in such

circumstances as to cause obstruction to other persons using the road or as to be likely to cause danger to such other persons, or

(c) in such a position or in such condition or in such circum-

stances as to appear to have been abandoned, or which have broken down.

(2) Regulations under this section may provide for repealing byelaws dealing with the same subject matter as the regulations, and for suspending, while the regulations remain in force, any power of making such byelaws.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

75

(3) Expenses payable out of a police fund reasonably incurred Part I in the execution of duties imposed by regulations under this

section shall be recoverable by or on behalf of the chief officer of police from the owner of the vehicle, and in England or Wales shall be so recoverable summarily as a civil debt, and sums so recovered shall be paid into the police fund.

In this subsection " police fund " has the same meaning as in the Police Pensions Act, 1921.

(4) Regulations under this section may be made so as to apply either generally or in such circumstances only as may be specified in the regulations.

Pedestrian Crossings

44.—(1) A local authority may, after consultation with the Schemes for chief officer of police and after giving public notice that they establishment propose so to do, submit to the appropriate Minister a scheme of pedestrian containing proposals for the establishment on roads in their dis- SaS^er1 trict (other than trunk roads), of crossings for foot passengers than trunk to be indicated in manner prescribed by regulations under roads, section forty-six of this Act

(2) Where, under the enactments repealed by this Act a local authority have submitted a statement of reasons why they consider the establishment of crossings for foot passengers in their district to be unnecessary, the appropriate Minister, if it appears to him that crossings ought to be established in that district and after giving to the local authority an opportunity of making representations, may require the local authority to submit to him such a scheme as aforesaid in relation to the district.

(3) A scheme submitted under this section shall specify either the position of the proposed crossings, or the lengths of road, or the areas, in which they are to be established, and the number proposed for any length of road or area, and the appropriate Minister may, if he thinks fit, approve the scheme with or without modification.

(4) A scheme under this section may be varied from time to time, or may be revoked, by a subsequent scheme submitted and approved as aforesaid, or by an order made by statutory instrument by the appropriate Minister after giving to the local authority by whom the scheme was submitted an opportunity of making representations.

(5) It shall be the duty of the authority by whom a scheme is submitted under this section to execute any works (including the placing, erection, maintenance, alteration, and removal of marks and traffic signs) required in connection with the establishment of

C* 2

76

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1 crossings in accordance with the provisions of the scheme for the time being in force, or with the indication thereof in accordance with regulations having effect under section forty-six of this Act as respects the crossings, or required in consequence of a variation or revocation of the scheme, and if the authority make default in the execution of any such works, the appropriate Minister may execute them; and the expense incurred by him in so doing shall be recoverable by him from the authority and, in England or Wales, shall be so recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

(6) In this section " local authority " means—

(a) as respects England and Wales, the council of a county,

a borough or an urban district,

(b) as respects Scotland, the council of a county or the town council of a burgh which is responsible for the maintenance and management of all or any of the highways in the burgh;

and references in this section to the district of a local authority shall be construed in relation to the council of a county in England or Wales as references to the rural districts comprised in the county, and in relation to the council of a county in Scotland as references to the county together with any burgh therein other than a burgh the council of which is responsible for the maintenance and management of all or any of the highways in the burgh.

(7) Notwithstanding the last foregoing subsection, a county council in Scotland may, after consultation with the town council of any small burgh within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, which is responsible for the maintenance and management of all or any of the highways in the burgh and is situated within the county, include in a scheme submitted under this section proposals for the establishment of crossings on classified roads in such a burgh, and such proposals shall not be included in any scheme submitted by the town council of the burgh.

(8) This section, in its application to the London Traffic Area, shall have effect subject to such adaptations as may be specified in an order made by the Minister.

Any order made for the purposes of this subsection may be varied by a subsequent order; and the powers to make orders conferred by this subsection shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

77

Part I

45. It shall be the duty of the appropriate Minister to establish Duty of

on trunk roads such crossings for foot passengers as he considers appropriate necessary, and to execute any works (including the placing, to

erection, maintenance, alteration and removal of marks and J^estriLi traffic signs) required in connection with the establishment of crossings on those crossings. trunk roads.

46. —(1) The appropriate Minister may make regulations with Pedestrian respect to the precedence of vehicles and foot passengers crossing respectively, and generally with respect to the movement of re8ulat,ons* traffic (including foot passengers), at and in the vicinity of crossings.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, regulations made thereunder may be made prohibiting foot passenger traffic on the carriageway within one hundred yards of a crossing, and with respect to the indication of the limits of a crossing, or of any other matter whatsoever relating to the crossing, by marks or devices on or near the roadway or otherwise, and generally with respect to the erection of traffic signs in connection with a crossing.

(3) Different regulations may be made under this section in relation to different traffic conditions, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words, different regulations may be made in relation to crossings in the vicinity of, and at a distance from, a junction of roads, and to traffic which is controlled by the police, and by traffic signals, and by different kinds of traffic signals, and which is not controlled.

(4) Regulations may be made under this section applying only to a particular crossing or particular crossings specified in the regulations.

(5) A person who contravenes any regulations made under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds.

(6) In this section " crossing " means a crossing for foot passengers established by a local authority in accordance with the provisions for the time being in force of a scheme submitted and approved under section forty-four of this Act or by the appropriate Minister in the discharge of the duty imposed on him by the last foregoing section and (in either case) indicated in accordance with the regulations having effect as respects that crossing; and for the proposes of a prosecution for a contravention of any of the provisions of a regulation having effect as respects a crossing the crossing shall be deemed to be established and indicated as aforesaid unless the contrary is proved.

78

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part 1 School Crossings

Arrangements 47.—(i) Arrangements may be made by the appropriate

school^111118 authority for the patrolling of places where children cross roads crossings. 011 ^eir way to or from school, during periods between the hours of eight in the morning and half-past five in the afternoon when children are so on their way, by persons appointed by or on behalf of the appropriate authority, other than police constables.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection in its application to England and Wales the appropriate authority shall be—

(a) as respects places not in the metropolitan police district,

other than places in the City of London, the council of the county or county borough in which the places in question are,

(b) as respects places in the City of London, the Common Council of the City, and

(c) as respects places in the metropolitan police district,

the commissioner of police of the metropolis;

and for the purposes of that subsection in its application to Scotland the appropriate authority shall be—

(i) as respects places in a county (exclusive of any large

burgh, and inclusive of any small burgh, situated therein), the county council, and

(ii) as respects places in a large burgh, the town council of the burgh.

(3) The functions of the appropriate authority for the purpose of arrangements under subsection (1) of this section shall include the duty to satisfy themselves of the adequate qualifications of persons appointed to patrol, and to provide requisite training of persons to be appointed.

(4) In taking decisions as to making arrangements in England or Wales under subsection (1) of this section the council of a county, and the commissioner of police of the metropolis, shall have regard to any representations made to them or him by local authorities for localities in the county, or in the metropolitan police district, as the case may be, and in taking decisions as to making arrangements in Scotland under that subsection a county council shall have regard to any representations made to them by the council of any district or small burgh situated in that county, and the town council of a large burgh, other than a county of a city, shall have regard to any representations made to them by the education authority in whose area the burgh is situated.

(5) Any arrangements made in England or Wales under subsection (1) of this section as respects places in an area of a description mentioned in the first column of the Seventh Schedule to this Act, being arrangements made by the council mentioned

I960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

79

in relation to that description of area in the second column of Part i that Schedule, may include an agreement between the council and the police authority mentioned in relation thereto in the third column of that Schedule for the performance by the police authority, on such terms as may be specified in the agreement, of such functions for the purposes of the arrangements as may be so specified, and any arrangements made in Scotland by a council under that subsection may include an agreement between the council and any other local authority whose area for any purpose comprises the place to which the arrangements relate for the performance by that other local authority, on such terms as may be specified in the agreement, of such functions for the purposes of the arrangements as may be so specified.

(6) For the purposes of any arrangements made under subsection (1) of this section by the commissioner of police of the metropolis, there shall be paid out of the metropolitan police fund such expenditure as the Secretary of State may direct to be so paid.

(7) In this section, in its application to Scotland,—

(a) "district", "large burgh" and "small burgh" have

the same meanings respectively as in the Local Government (Scodand) Act, 1947;

(b) " education authority " has the same meaning as in the

Education (Scodand) Act, 1946; and

(c) " local authority " has the same meaning as in the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, save that it also includes a joint police committee within the meaning of the Police (Scodand) Act, 1956.

48.—(1) When between the hours of eight in the morning Stopping of and half-past five in the afternoon a vehicle is approaching v®^|es. a place in a road where children on their way to or from school are crossing or seeking to cross the road, a school crossing patrol wearing a uniform approved by the Secretary of State shall have power, by exhibiting a prescribed sign, to require the person driving or propelling the vehicle to stop it.

(2) When a person has been required under the foregoing subsection to stop a vehicle—

(a) he shall cause the vehicle to stop before reaching the

place where the children are crossing or seeking to cross and so as not to stop or impede their crossing; and

(b) the vehicle shall not be put in motion again so as to

reach the place in question so long as the sign continues to be exhibited; and a person who fails to comply with paragraph (a) of this subsection, or who causes a vehicle to be put in motion in

80

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part 1 contravention of paragraph ( thereof, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) In this section—

(a) " prescribed sign " means a sign of a size, colour and

type prescribed by regulations made by the appropriate Minister, or, if authorisation is given by the appropriate Minister for the use of signs of a description not so prescribed, a sign of that description; and regulations under this subsection may provide for the attachment of reflectors to signs or for the illumination of signs; and

(b) " school crossing patrol " means a person appointed to

patrol in accordance with arrangements made under the last foregoing section.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) where it is proved that a sign was exhibited by a school crossing patrol, it shall be presumed to be of a size, colour and type prescribed, or of a description authorised, under the foregoing provisions of this section, and if it was exhibited in circumstances in which it was required by the regulations to be illuminated, to have been illuminated in the prescribed manner, unless the contrary is proved; and

(b) where it is proved that a school crossing patrol was wearing uniform, the uniform shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, to be a uniform approved by the Secretary of State.

Street Playgrounds

Power of local 49.—(1) The council of a county (other than the adminis-

authorities to trative county of London), metropolitan borough, county prohibit traffic borough, borough or urban district shall have power, for the 00 purpose of enabling roads within their area in respect of which playgrounds, they are the highway authority to be used as playgrounds for children, to make an order prohibiting or restricting, subject to such exceptions and conditions as to occasional user or otherwise as may be specified in the order, the use of any specified road by vehicles, or by vehicles of any specified class or description, either generally or on particular days or during particular hours.

(2) An order made under this section with respect to a road shall make provision for permitting reasonable access to premises situated on or adjacent to it.

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

81

1960

(3) No order made under this section shall be of any effect Part I unless and until it is confirmed by the appropriate Minister who,

if he confirms it, may confirm it either without modification or subject to such modifications as he thinks fit, but the appropriate Minister shall not confirm an order until twenty-eight days at least have elapsed since the making of the order and, before confirming it, shall consider any objections which may have been made to him against the order and, if he thinks fit, may cause a public inquiry to be held.

(4) An order made under this section may be revoked, varied or amended by an order made in like manner as the original order.

(5) The appropriate Minister may at any time after giving notice in writing to the authority by whom an order under this section was made and after holding, if he thinks fit, a public inquiry, by statutory instrument revoke, vary or amend the order.

(6) A person who uses a vehicle, or causes or permits a vehicle to be used, in contravention of an order in force under this section shall be liable on summary conviction, or in Scotland on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(7) The appropriate Minister may make regulations for prescribing the procedure to be followed in connection with the making of orders by a local authority under this section and the confirmation thereof and for prescribing the manner in which the authority shall publish notice of the fact that any such order has been made and confirmed and of its effect.

(8) The powers conferred by subsection (1) of this section on the councils therein mentioned shall, in Scotland, be exercisable as regards roads in a county by the county council, and as regards roads in a burgh by the town council. 50 *

50. A local authority by whom an order may be made Power of local under the last foregoing section shall have power, in relation to authorities any road as respects which an order is made by them prohibiting

or restricting the use of the road by vehicles, or by vehicles of any aspect to specified class or description, for the purpose of enabling the roads used as road to be used as a playground for children, to make byelaws playgrounds, (subject to confirmation by the appropriate Minister) authorising the use of the road for that purpose, and making provision with respect to the admission of children to the road when used as a playground, and with respect to the safety of children so using the road and their protection from injury by vehicles using the road for access to premises situated on or adjacent to it or otherwise, and generally with respect to the proper management of the road when used as a playground as aforesaid.

82

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I Traffic signs.

Powers and duties of highway authorities as to placing of traffic signs.

Traffic Signs

51. —(1) In this Act " traffic sign " means any object or device (whether fixed or portable) for conveying, to traffic on roads or any specified description of traffic, warnings, information, requirements, restrictions or prohibitions of any description specified by regulations made by the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly or authorised by the appropriate Minister, and any line or mark on a road for so conveying such warnings, information, requirements, restrictions or prohibitions.

(2) Traffic signs shall be of the size, colour and type prescribed by regulations made as aforesaid except where the appropriate Minister authorises the erection or retention of a sign of another character; and for the purposes of this subsection illumination, whether by lighting or by the use of reflectors or reflecting material, or die absence of such illumination, shall be part of the type or character of a sign.

(3) Regulations under this section may be made so as to apply either generally or in such circumstances only as may be specified in the regulations.

(4) Except as provided by this Part of this Act, no traffic sign shall be placed on or near a road except—

(a) a notice in respect of the use of a bridge;

(b) a traffic sign placed, in pursuance of powers conferred

by a special Act of Parliament or order having the force of an Act, by the owners or workers of a tramway, light railway, or trolley vehicle undertaking, a dock undertaking or a harbour undertaking;

(c) a traffic sign placed on any land by a person authorised

under the following provisions of this Part of this Act to place the sign on a highway, being a sign placed on that land for a purpose for which that person is authorised to place it on a highway.

(5) Regulations under this section, or any authorisation under subsection (2) thereof, may provide that section fourteen of this Act shall apply to signs of a type specified in that behalf by the regulations, or as the case may be to the sign to which the authorisation relates.

(6) References in any enactment (including any enactment contained in this Act) to the erection or placing of traffic signs shall include references to the display thereof in any manner, whether or not involving fixing or placing. 52 * *

52. —(1) Subject to and in conformity with such general directions as may be given by the Minister and the Secretary of

State acting jointly, or such other directions as may be given by the appropriate Minister, a highway authority may cause or

permit traffic signs to be placed on or near any road in their area.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

83

(2) The appropriate Minister may give directions to a highway authority—

(a) for the placing of a traffic sign of any prescribed type

or authorised character specified in the directions;

(b) for replacing a sign so specified by, or converting it into, a sign of another prescribed type or authorised character so specified.

53. A constable, or a person acting under the instructions (whether general or specific) of the chief officer of police, may place on a highway, or on any structure on a highway, traffic signs of any size, colour and type prescribed or authorised under section fifty-one of this Act, being signs indicating prohibitions, restrictions or requirements relating to vehicular traffic, as may be requisite for giving effect to regulations, orders or directions made or given under section fifty-two of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1839, under section twenty-two of the local Act of the second and third year of the reign of Queen Victoria, chapter ninety-four, under section twenty-one of the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, or under section three hundred and eighty-five of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or any corresponding provision contained in a local Act relating to any part of Scotland, or for giving effect to directions given under subsection (3) of section twelve of this Act.

54. —(1) A constable, or a person acting under the instructions (whether general or specific) of the chief officer of police, may place on a highway, or on any structure on a highway, traffic signs of any size, colour and type prescribed or authorised under section fifty-one of this Act, being signs indicating prohibitions, restrictions or requirements relating to vehicular traffic, as may be necessary or expedient to prevent or mitigate congestion or obstruction of traffic, or danger to or from traffic, in consequence of extraordinary circumstances; and the power to place signs conferred by this subsection shall include power to maintain a sign for a period of seven days or less from the time when it was placed, but no longer.

(2) Section fourteen of this Act shall apply to signs placed in the exercise of the powers conferred by this section. 55 * * *

55. For the purpose of giving notice of any prohibition,

restriction or requirement imposed by regulations under section

thirty-five of this Act a constable, or a person acting under the instructions (whether general or specific) of the commissioner of police of the metropolis or the commissioner of police for the

City of London, may place on a highway, or on any structure on a highway, traffic signs of any size, colour and type prescribed or authorised under section fifty-one of this Act.

Part I

Traffic signs for giving effect to local traffic regulations.

Emergency traffic signs.

Traffic signs in connection with experimental traffic schemes in London.

84

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I 56.—(1) The highway authority may by notice in writing

Removal of require the owner or occupier of any land on which there is traffic signs, &c. an object or device (whether fixed or portable) for the guidance or direction of persons using roads to remove it, and if a person fails to comply with such a notice the highway authority may themselves effect the removal, doing as little damage as may be; and the expense incurred by them in so doing shall be recoverable by them from the person so in default and, in England or Wales, shall be so recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

(2) The appropriate Minister may give directions to a highway authority requiring the authority to remove, or cause to be removed, any traffic sign or any such object or device as is mentioned in the foregoing subsection.

(3) After the repeal by virtue of this Act of section six of the Locomotive Act, 1861, a bridge authority shall, if so directed by the appropriate Minister, remove, or cause to be removed, any notice in respect of the use of a bridge placed under that section.

Traffic signs: 57.—(1) If a highway authority or bridge authority fail to

default powers, comply with any direction given under subsection (2) of section fifty-two of this Act or under the last foregoing section, the appropriate Minister may himself carry out the work required by the direction; and the expense incurred by him in so doing shall be recoverable by him from the authority and, in England or Wales, shall be so recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

(2) Any such direction as aforesaid—

(a) if relating to a road or bridge in England or Wales, shall

be enforceable on the application of the Minister by mandamus;

(b) if relating to a road or bridge in Scotland, shall be

enforceable by order of the Court of Session on an application by the Lord Advocate under section ninety-one of the Court of Session Act, 1868.

Power to enter 58. A highway or bridge authority or the appropriate Minister on land. may enter any land and exercise such other powers as may be necessary for the purpose of the exercise and performance of their powers and duties of placing, replacing, converting and removing traffic signs or their powers and duties under section fifty-six of this Act. 59 *

Traffic signs: modifications as respects trunk roads.

59. In relation to a trunk road,—

(a) subsection (1) of section fifty-two of this Act shall have effect with the omission of references to directions, and

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

85

(b) the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to direc- Part I tions for the placing, replacing, conversion and removal of traffic signs, notices, objects or devices shall not apply except in relation to a bridge repairable by a person other than the appropriate Minister.

60. —(1) In relation to a road with respect to which an exemp- Traffic sign: tkra under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section ten of modifications the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957, has effect (whether" absolutely or subject to conditions), the power conferred by subsection (1) of section fifty-two of this Act of placing permitted traffic signs indicating the existence of the exemption shall, fi without lights, the local authority for the area in which the road is situated

ace not the highway authority for the road, be exercisable by the local authority with the consent of the highway authority; and the powers conferred by subsection (2) of section fifty-two and by section fifty-six of this Act of giving to the highway authority directions for the replacing of a traffic sign by, or its conversion into, a sign of another type or character or for the removal of a traffic sign or other object or device shall include power to give such directions to the local authority in relation to a traffic sign, object or device placed by them on or near any such road.

(2) In this section "local authority" means, as respects England and Wales, the council of a county borough, county district or metropolitan borough or the Common Council of the City of London, and, as respects Scotland, a county council or town council. 61

61. —(1) As respects traffic signs relating to a cattle-grid pro- Traffic signs: vided in England or Wales under the Highways (Provision of modifications Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950, or the Highways Act, 1959, for a highway not being for the purposes of the said Act of 1959 a " °’8n highway maintainable at the public expense, or to a by-pass so provided for use in connection with such a cattle-grid, " highway authority " in sections fifty-two and fifty-six to fifty-eight (both inclusive) of this Act shall include the council of the county comprising the rural district, the council of the borough, or the

council of the urban district, as the case may be, in which the highway is situated.

(2) As respects traffic signs relating to a cattle-grid provided in Scotland under the Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act,

1950, for a road for the maintenance or management of which no highway authority is responsible, or to a by-pass provided for use in connection with such a cattle-grid, " highway authority " in sections fifty-two and fifty-six to fifty-eight (both inclusive) of this Act shall include the appropriate authority as defined by paragraph (b) of subsection (8) of section one of that Act.

86

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1

Construction of references to highway authorities for purposes of sections 52 and 56 to 58.

Ministers* powers to make advances for erection, Ac., of traffic signs.

Regulation of

construction,

weight,

equipment and use of vehicles.

62. References to a highway authority in sections fifty-two and fifty-six to fifty-eight (both inclusive) of this Act shall be construed as including references to any person responsible for the maintenance of a road.

63. —(1) The appropriate Minister may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, make advances towards any expenses incurred by a council or local authority, on whom any obligation is imposed by or under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act in relation to the erection, maintenance, alteration or removal of traffic signs, in the discharge of that obligation.

(2) An advance under this section may be either by way of grant or by way of loan or partly in the one way and partly in the other, and shall be upon such terms and subject to such conditions as the appropriate Minister thinks fit.

Construction and Use of Vehicles and Equipment

64.—(1) The Minister may make regulations generally as to the use of motor vehicles and trailers on roads, their construction and equipment and the conditions under which they may be so used, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, may make regulations with respect to any of the following matters:—

(i a) the width, height and length of motor vehicles and trailers and the load carried thereby, the diameter of wheels, and the width, nature and condition of tyres, of motor vehicles and trailers;

(b) the consumption of smoke and the emission of visible

vapour, sparks, ashes and grit;

(c) excessive noise owing to the design or condition of a

vehicle, or the loading thereof;

() the maximum weight unladen of heavy locomotives and

heavy motor cars, and the maximum weight laden of motor vehicles and trailers, and the maximum weight to be transmitted to the road or any specified area thereof by a motor vehicle or trailer of any class or description or by any part or parts of such a vehicle or trailer in contact with the road, and the conditions under which the weights may be required to be tested;

(e) the particulars to be marked on motor vehicles and

trailers;

(/) the towing of or drawing of vehicles by motor vehicles;

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

87

(g) the number and nature of brakes, and for securing that Part I brakes, silencers and steering gear shall be efficient and kept in proper working order;

(h) the testing and inspection, by persons authorised by or under the regulations, of the brakes, silencers, steering gear, tyres, lighting equipment and reflectors of motor vehicles and trailers on any premises where they are, subject however to the consent of the owner of the premises;

(i) the appliances to be fitted for signalling the approach of a motor vehicle, or enabling the driver of a motor vehicle to become aware of the approach of another vehicle from the rear, or for intimating any intended change of speed or direction of a motor vehicle, and the use of any such appliance, and for securing that they shall be efficient and kept in proper working order;

(/) for prohibiting the use of appliances fitted to motor vehicles for signalling their approach, being appliances for signalling by sound, at any times, or on or in any roads or localities, specified in the regulations;

and different regulations may be made as respects different classes or descriptions of vehicles or as respects the same class or description of vehicles in different circumstances and, in the case of regulations made for the purpose specified in paragraph (fl of this subsection, as respects different times of the day or night and as respects roads in different localities.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall not be lawful to use on a road a motor vehicle or trailer which does not comply with any such regulations as aforesaid, applicable to the class or description of vehicles to which the vehicle belongs, as to the construction, weight and equipment thereof; and a person who uses a motor vehicle or trailer in contravention of this subsection, or causes or permits the vehicle to be so used, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(3) Where any such regulations as aforesaid contain provisions varying the requirements as regards the construction or weight of any class or description of vehicles, provision shall be made by the regulations for exempting for such period, not being less than five years, as may be specified therein from the provisions aforesaid any vehicle of that class or description registered under the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, before the expiration of one year from the making of the regulations.

88

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

Tests of satisfactory condition of vehicles.

(4) The Minister may by order authorise, subject to such restrictions and conditions as may be specified by or under the order, the use on roads—

(a) of special motor vehicles or trailers, or special types of

motor vehicles or trailers, which are constructed either for special purposes or for tests or trials,

(b) of vehicles or trailers, or types of vehicles or trailers,

constructed for use outside the United Kingdom, and

(c) of new or improved types of motor vehicles or trailers,

whether wheeled or wheelless, or of motor vehicles or trailers equipped with new or improved equipment or types of equipment;

and nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall prevent the use of such vehicles, trailers, or types as aforesaid in accordance with the order.

(5) The Minister may by order make provision for securing that, subject to such restrictions and conditions as may be specified by or under the order, regulations under this section shall have effect in their application to such vehicles, trailers and types thereof as are mentioned in the last foregoing subsection subject to such modifications or exceptions as may be specified in the order.

(6) Any order under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order of the Minister.

(7) The powers conferred by this section on the Minister to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

65.—(1) The provisions of this and the next following section shall have effect for the purpose of ascertaining whether the prescribed statutory requirements relating to the construction and condition of motor vehicles or their accessories or equipment are complied with.

(2) The Minister may by regulations make provision for the examination of vehicles submitted for examination under this section and for the issue, where it is found on such an examination that the said requirements are complied with, of a certificate (hereafter in this Act referred to as a " test certificate ") that at the date of the examination the requirements were complied with in relation to the vehicle.

(3) Examinations for the purposes of this section shall be carried out by persons, not being officers of the Minister, authorised for those purposes by the Minister (in this section referred to as " authorised examiners "), by inspectors appointed by the Minister, or by inspectors appointed by any council designated by the Minister for the purposes of this section, being the council of a county, of a borough, or of a large burgh (within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947).

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

89

(4) Where a test certificate is refused, the examiner or inspector shall issue a notification of the refusal stating the grounds thereof, and a person aggrieved by the refusal or the grounds thereof may appeal to the Minister; and on any such appeal the Minister shall cause a further examination to be made and either issue a test certificate or issue such a notification as aforesaid.

(5) For the purposes of their functions under this section the Minister or a council designated for the purposes of this section may provide and maintain—

(a) stations where examinations under this section may be

carried out, and

(b) apparatus for carrying out such examinations.

(6) The Minister may make regulations for the purpose of giving effect to the foregoing provisions of this section and for prescribing anything authorised by this section to be prescribed, and in particular as to—

(a) the authorisation of examiners, the imposition of con-

ditions to be complied with by authorised examiners and the withdrawal of authorisations;

(b) the manner in which, conditions under which, and apparatus with which examinations are carried out, the maintenance of that apparatus in an efficient state, and the inspection of premises at which and apparatus with which examinations are being, or are to be, carried out;

(c) the manner in which applications may be made for the

examination of vehicles under this section, the manner in which and time within which appeals may be brought under subsection (4) of this section, the information to be supplied and documents to be produced on such an application, examination or appeal, the fees to be paid on such an application or appeal, and the repayment of the whole or a part of the fee paid on such an appeal where it appears to the Minister that there were substantial grounds for contesting the whole or part of the decision appealed against;

(> the form of, and particulars to be contained in, test certificates and notifications of the refusal thereof, and the supply by the Minister of forms for such certificates and notifications and the charges to be made for the supply thereof;

ie) the issue of duplicates of test certificates lost or defaced and the fee to be paid for the issue thereof;

(/) the keeping by designated councils and authorised examiners of registers of test certificates in the prescribed form and containing the prescribed particulars.

Part I

90

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I and the inspection of such registers by such persons

and in such circumstances as may be prescribed;

(g) the keeping of records by designated councils and authorised examiners and the furnishing by them of returns and information to the Minister;

and regulations under this section may make different provision in relation to different cases or classes of cases.

(7) Any expenses incurred by virtue of this section by the Minister shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament and any sum received by him by virtue of this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Obligatory 66.—(1) A person who uses on a road at any time, or

test certificates, causes or permits to be so used, a motor vehicle to which this section applies, and as respects which no test certificate has been issued within die appropriate period before the said time, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(2) The motor vehicles to which this section applies at any time are those first registered under the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, or the Roads Act, 1920, not less than ten years before that time:

Provided that this section shall not apply to public service vehicles adapted to carry eight or more passengers or to vehicles of such classes or descriptions as may be prescribed, and the Minister may by order made by statutory instrument provide that this section shall apply only to vehicles for the time being registered as aforesaid with such councils as may be specified in the order.

(3) The Minister may by order made by statutory instrument direct that the last foregoing subsection shall have effect with the substitution, for ten years, of such shorter period as may be specified in the order.

An order under this subsection shall not have effect unless approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

(4) The Minister may by regulations exempt from subsection

(1) of this section the use of vehicles for such purposes as may be prescribed.

(5) The Minister may by regulations exempt from subsection (1) of this section the use of vehicles in any such area as may be prescribed.

(6) The Minister may by regulations provide that where application is made for a licence under the Vehicles (Excise)

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

91

Act, 1949, for a vehicle to which this section applies, the licence Part 1 shall not be granted except after either—

(a) the production of such evidence as may be prescribed of

the granting of an effective test certificate or (if it is so prescribed) the production of such a certificate, or

(b) the making of such a declaration as may be prescribed

that the vehicle is not intended to be used during the period for which the licence is to be in force except for a purpose prescribed under subsection (4), or in an area prescribed under subsection (5), of this section.

In paragraph (a) of this subsection " effective test certificate " means in relation to an application for a licence for a vehicle, a test certificate relating to the vehicle and issued within the appropriate period before the date from which the licence is to be in force.

(7) In this section " appropriate period " means a period of twelve months or such shorter period as may be prescribed.

(8) For the purpose of spreading the work of issuing certificates in contemplation of a change in the length of the appropriate period, the regulations changing the length of that period may be made so as to come into operation on different days as respects vehicles first registered under either of the enact-meats mentioned in subsection (2) of this section at different times.

(9) Where within the appropriate period after the issue of a test certificate, but not earlier than one month before the end of that period, a further test certificate is issued as respects the same vehicle, the further certificate shall be treated for the purposes of this section as if issued at the end of the said appropriate period.

(10) In this section " prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister.

(11) Any power conferred by this section to make an order shall include power, exercisable in like manner and subject to the like provisions, to vary or revoke the order.

67.—(1) An authorised examiner may test a motor vehicle Testing of on a road for the purpose of ascertaining whether the require- co?££i?n of ments imposed by law (whether generally or at specified times roads 00 or in specified circumstances) as to brakes, silencers, steering gear, tyTes, and lighting equipment and reflectors are complied with as respects the vehicle, and of bringing to the notice of the driver any failure to comply with those requirements, and for the purpose of testing the vehicle the examiner may drive k; but a vehicle shall not be required to stop for a test except by a police constable in uniform.

92

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

Vehicles not to be sold in unroadworthy condition or altered so as to be unroadworthy.

(2) The following persons may act as authorised examiners for the purposes of this section, that is to say a certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner appointed under Part III of this Act, a person appointed as an examiner under Part IV of this Act, a person appointed to examine and inspect public carriages for the purposes of the Metropolitan Public Carriage Act, 1869, a person appointed to act for the purposes of this section by the Minister, and a police constable authorised so to act by or under instructions of the chief officer of police.

A person appointed as aforesaid shall produce his authority to act for the purposes of this section if required to do so.

(3) On the examiner proceeding to test a vehicle under this section, the driver may elect that the test shall be deferred to a time, and carried out at a place, fixed in accordance with the Eighth Schedule to this Act, and the provisions of that Schedule shall apply accordingly:

Provided that—

(a) where it appears to a police constable that, by reason

of an accident having occurred owing to the presence of the vehicle on a road, it is requisite that a test should be carried out forthwith, he may require it to be so carried out and, if he is not to carry it out himself, may require that the vehicle shall not be taken away until the test has been carried out; and

(b) where in the opinion of a police constable the vehicle

is apparently so defective that it ought not to be allowed to proceed without a test’s being carried out, he may require the test to be carried out forthwith.

(4) If a person obstructs an authorised examiner acting under this section, or fails to comply with a requirement of this section or the Eighth Schedule to this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(5) In this section and in the Eighth Schedule to this Act " test " includes " inspect " or " inspection ", as the case may require, and references to a vehicle include references to a trailer drawn thereby.

68.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section it shall not be lawful to sell, or to supply, or to offer to sell or supply, a motor vehicle or trailer for delivery in such a condition that the use thereof on a road in that condition would be unlawful by virtue of the provisions of subsection (2) of section sixty-four of this Act or by virtue of any provision made as respects brakes, steering gear or tyres by regulations under that section, or in such a condition, as respects lighting equipment or reflectors or the maintenance thereof, that it is not capable of being used on a road during the hours of darkness without contravention of the requirements imposed by law as to obligatory lamps or reflectors.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

93

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section it shall not be lawful to alter a motor vehicle or trailer so as to render its condition such that the use thereof on a road in that condition would be unlawful by virtue of the provisions of the said subsection (2).

(3) If a motor vehicle or trailer is sold, supplied, offered or altered in contravention of the provisions of this section, any person who so sells, supplies, offers or alters it, or causes or permits k to be so sold, supplied, offered or altered, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(4) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under this section in respect of the sale, supply, offer or alteration of a motor vehicle or trailer if he proves—

(a) that it was sold, supplied, offered or altered, as the case

may be, for export bom Great Britain, or

(b) that he had reasonable cause to believe that the vehicle

or trailer would not be used on a road in Great Britain, or would not be so used until it had been put into a condition in which it might lawfully be so used, or

(c) in the case of a vehicle or trailer the sale, supply or

offer of which is alleged to be unlawful by reason of its condition as respects lighting equipment or reflectors or the maintenance thereof, that he had reasonable cause to believe that the vehicle or trailer would not be used on a road in Great Britain during the hours of darkness until it had been put into a condition in which it might be so used during those hours without contravention of the requirements imposed by law as to obligatory lamps or reflectors.

(5) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this section shall affect the validity of a contract or any rights arising under a contract.

(6) In this section " obligatory lamps or reflectors " means, in relation to a motor vehicle or trailer, the lamps or reflectors required by law to be carried thereon while it is on a road during the hours of darkness and when it is neither drawing nor being drawn by another vehicle, except that the said expression does not, in the case of a motor vehicle, include any lamps or reflectors required to be carried by virtue of section eleven of the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957, or, in the case of a trailer, include any lamps or reflectors so required to be carried or any lamps showing a white light to the front

Part I

94

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part I

Restriction on number of trailers drawn.

Regulation of brakes, bells, Ac., on pedal cycles.

69. —(1) The number of trailers, if any, which may be drawn by a motor vehicle on a highway shall not exceed—

(a) in the case of a heavy locomotive or light locomotive,

three;

(b) in the case of a motor tractor, one, if laden, or two,

if unladen;

(c) in the case of a motor car or a heavy motor car, one;

or such less number as may be prescribed in relation to vehicles of the respective classes aforesaid by regulations made by the Minister, and different regulations may be made under this subsection as respects vehicles of those classes in different circumstances.

(2) For the purposes of this section the expression " trailer " shall not include a vehicle used solely for carrying water for the purposes of the drawing vehicle or an agricultural vehicle not constructed to carry a load.

(3) Where—

(a) a motor car or heavy motor car is, in consequence of a

breakdown, being drawn by another motor vehicle, and

(b) a trailer is so attached to the car that part of the trailer

is superimposed on the car and that, when the trailer is uniformly loaded, not less than twenty per cent, of the weight of its load is borne by the car,

then if the trailer is unladen the car and trailer shall for the purposes of this section be treated as a single trailer.

(4) If a person causes or permits a trailer to be drawn in contravention of this section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months. 70

70. —(1) The Minister may make regulations for regulating the number, nature and use of brakes in the case of bicycles or tricycles, not being motor vehicles, when used on roads, and for prescribing the appliances to be fitted to such bicycles or tricycles for signalling their approach when used on roads and for securing that the riders of such bicycles or tricycles shall by means of such appliances as aforesaid give audible and sufficient warning of their approach.

(2) Regulations under this section may provide for repealing byelaws dealing with the same subject matter as the regulations, and for suspending while the regulations remain in force any power of making such byelaws.

(3) Regulations under this section may be made so as to apply either generally or in such circumstances only as may be specified in the regulations.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

95

Part I

71. —(1) The Minister may make regulations for regulating Regulation of the number, nature and use of brakes, including skid-pans and locking-chains, in the case of vehicles drawn by horses or other "2EE™"1 animals, or any class or description of such vehicles, when used

on roads.

(2) Regulations under this section may be made for securing that such brakes shall be efficient and kept in proper working order, and for empowering persons authorised by or under the regulations to test and inspect any such brakes, whether on a road or elsewhere.

(3) Regulations under this section may provide for repealing byelaws dealing with the same subject matter as the regulations, and for suspending while the regulations remain in force any power of making such byelaws.

(4) Regulations under this section may be made so as to apply either generally or in such circumstances only as may be specified in the regulations.

Provisions as to Manning and Hours of Duty

72. —(1) In the case of heavy locomotives and light loco-Requirements

motives, two persons shall be employed in driving or attending ®* f

the locomotive whilst being driven on a highway, and where °!

any such locomotive is drawing a trailer or trailers on a highway attend to

one or more persons, in addition to the persons employed as locomotives aforesaid, shall be employed for the purpose of attending to and trailers, the trailer or trailers at the rate of one such additional person for each trailer in excess of one:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a road roller while engaged in rolling a road.

(2) Where a motor vehicle other than a heavy locomotive or a light locomotive is drawing a trailer or trailers on a highway, one person, in addition to the driver of the vehicle, shall be carried either on the vehicle or on a trailer for the purpose of attending to the trailer or trailers.

(3) For the purposes of this section the expression " trailer " shall not include a vehicle used solely for carrying water for the purposes of the drawing vehicle or an agricultural vehicle not constructed to carry a load.

(4) If a person causes or permits a motor vehicle or trailer to be driven or drawn in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(5) The Minister may by regulations vary the requirements of this section in respect of any class or description of motor

96

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part I

Limitation of hours of duty of certain drivers.

vehicles or any class or description of trailers, and regulations made under this subsection with respect to a class or description of vehicles may make different provision in different circumstances.

73.—(1) With a view to protecting the public against the risks which arise in cases where the drivers of motor vehicles are suffering from excessive fatigue, it is hereby enacted that it shall not be lawful in the case of:—

(a) a public service vehicle, or

(b) a heavy locomotive, light locomotive or motor tractor, or

(c) a motor vehicle constructed to carry goods other than the effects of passengers,

for a person to drive or cause or permit a person employed by him or subject to his orders to drive—

(i) for any continuous period of more than five hours and

one half, or

(ii) for continuous periods amounting in the aggregate to

more than eleven hours in any period of twenty-four hours commencing two hours after midnight, or

(iii) so that the driver has not at least ten consecutive hours for rest in any period of twenty-four hours calculated from the commencement of any period of driving.

(2) It shall be a sufficient compliance with the provisions of paragraph (iii) of the foregoing subsection if the driver has at least nine consecutive hours for rest in any such period of twenty-four hours as is therein mentioned provided that he has an interval of at least twelve consecutive hours for rest in the next following period of twenty-four hours.

(3) If a person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months; but a person shall not be liable to be convicted under this section if he proves to the court that the contravention was due to unavoidable delay in the completion of a journey arising out of circumstances which he could not reasonably have foreseen.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) any two or more periods of time shall be deemed to be a

continuous period unless separated by an interval of not less than half an hour in which the driver is able to obtain rest and refreshment;

(b) any time spent by a driver on other work in connection with a vehicle or the load carried thereby, including.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

97

in the case of a public service vehicle, any time spent on a vehicle while on a journey in any other capacity than as a passenger, shall be reckoned as time spent in driving;

(c) in the case of a vehicle which is being used in the course of operations of agriculture or forestry a person shall not be deemed to be driving the vehicle or to be spending time on work in connection with the vehicle or the load carried thereby so long as the vehicle is elsewhere than on a road;

and for the purposes of the provisions of this section which relate to the number of consecutive hours for rest which a driver is to have in a specified period, time during which the driver is bound by the terms of his employment to obey the directions of his employer, or to remain on or near the vehicle, or during which the vehicle is at a place where no reasonable facilities exist for the driver to rest away from the vehicle, shall be deemed not to be time which the driver has for rest.

(5) The Minister may, on the application of a joint industrial council, conciliation board or other similar body, or on an application by any such organisation, representative of employers or workpeople in the industry, as the Minister of Labour may certify to be a proper body to make such an application, and after referring the matter to the Industrial Court for advice, by order made by statutory instrument vary the periods of time prescribed in this section, provided that he is of opinion that the variation is not likely to be detrimental to the public safety; and an order may be made under this subsection so as to have effect only as respects a particular class of public service vehicles, or only as respects public service vehicles when used in particular circumstances.

(6) Where an application is made under the last foregoing subsection as respects drivers of stage carriages when used either—

(a) on regular services under a road service licence to which

a condition requiring the observance of a time-table is attached, or

(b) on regular services in respect of which no road service

licence is required,

then, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Industrial Court and of the Minister that the conditions under which the services are operated are such as to secure that the periods deemed to be continuous periods for the purposes of this section during which the vehicles are driven include times in which the drivers are able to obtain rest and refreshment, the Industrial Court, in advising on the application, and the Minister in giving his determination thereon, may have regard to those conditions.

D

Parti

98

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

The Highway Code.

Powers of Ministers and local authorities as to giving road safety information and training.

(7) An order made under subsection (5) of this section may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order made in like manner and subject to the like conditions.

(8) This section shall not apply to vehicles used for fire brigade or ambulance purposes.

Road Safety Information and Road Training

74.—(1) The Highway Code shall continue to have effect, subject however to revision in accordance with the next following subsection.

(2) The Minister may from time to time revise the Highway Code by revoking, varying, amending or adding to the provisions thereof in such manner as he thinks fit.

(3) Any alterations proposed to be made in the provisions of the Highway Code on a revision thereof shall, as soon as prepared by the Minister, be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and the revised Code shall not be issued until the proposed alterations have been approved by both Houses.

(4) Subject to the last foregoing subsection, the Minister shall cause ithe Highway Code and every revised edition thereof to be printed and may cause copies thereof to be sold to the public at such price as he may determine.

(5) A failure on the part of a person to observe a provision of the Highway Code shall not of itself render that person liable to criminal proceedings of any kind, but any such failure may in any proceedings (whether civil or criminal, and including proceedings for an offence under this Act) be relied upon by any party to the proceedings as tending to establish or to negative any liability which is in question in those proceedings.

(6) In this section " the Highway Code " means the code comprising directions for the guidance of persons using roads issued and revised under section forty-five of the Road Traffic Act, 1930.

75.—(1) The Minister or, in relation to Scotland, the Secretary of State or the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, provide for promoting road safety by disseminating information or advice relating to the use of roads.

(2) A local authority shall have power to make arrangements for the purposes of the foregoing subsection or for giving practical training to road users or any class or description of road users, and to make contributions towards the cost of arrangements for the like purposes made by other authorities or bodies.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

99

(3) Where, not less than two months before the beginning of a financial year, the Minister on an examination of arrangements proposed to be made under the last foregoing subsection by a local authority in England or Wales, not being the council of a county or of a county or metropolitan borough, is satisfied that arrangements so made are likely to be effective and notifies the local authority that he is so satisfied, then, from the beginning of that year until a notification by the Minister to the local authority that he is no longer so satisfied takes effect, the expenditure of the county council in respect of the cost of arrangements, or of contributions, made by the county council under the last foregoing subsection shall not be chargeable on the area of the first-mentioned authority.

A notification by the Minister that he is no longer satisfied as aforesaid shall take effect at the end of the financial year in which it is given or, if it is given during the last two months of a financial year, at the end of the next following financial year.

(4) The provisions of the Ninth Schedule to this Act shall have effect for authorising the payment of travelling and other allowances in connection with arrangements made by a local authority under subsection (2) of this section.

(5) In this section " local authority " means—

(a) as respects England and Wales, the council of a county,

a borough or an urban district, or the Common Council of the City of London,

(b) as respects Scotland, a county council or town council.

(6) Any expenses incurred under this section by the Minister or the Secretary of State shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

76. The Minister or, in relation to Scotland, the Secretary of State or the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, make out of moneys provided by Parliament contributions towards the cost of any such arrangements as are mentioned in subsection (2) of the fast foregoing section, being arrangements made by authorities or bodies other than local authorities within the meaning of that section.

Accidents

77.—(1) If in any case, owing to the presence of a motor vehicle on a road, an accident occurs whereby personal injury is caused to a person other than the driver of that motor vehicle or damage is caused to a vehicle other than that motor vehicle or a trailer drawn thereby or to an animal other than an animal in or on that motor vehicle or a trailer drawn thereby, the driver of the motor vehicle shall stop and, if required so to do by any

PARTI

Power of Ministers to subsidise bodies, other than local authorities, for giving road safety information and training.

Duty to stop, and furnish particulars, in case of accident.

100

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1

General provisions as to accident inquiries.

Special provisions as to accident inquiries in London Traffic Area.

person having reasonable grounds for so requiring, give his name and address, and also the name and address of the owner and the identification marks of the vehicle.

(2) If in the case of any such accident as aforesaid the driver of the motor vehicle for any reason does not give his name and address to any such person as aforesaid, he shall report the accident at a police station or to a police constable as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any case within twenty-four hours of the occurrence thereof.

(3) In this section "animal" means any horse, cattle, ass. mule, sheep, pig, goat or dog.

(4) A person who fails to comply with this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

78. —(1) Where an accident arises out of the presence of a motor vehicle on a road, the appropriate Minister may direct inquiry to be made into the cause of the accident.

(2) Where any such accident has occurred, a person authorised by the appropriate Minister in that behalf may, on production if so required of his authority, inspect any vehicle in connection with which the accident arose, and for that purpose may enter at any reasonable time any premises where the vehicle is; and if a person obstructs a person so authorised in the performance of his duty under this subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(3) If in any case the appropriate Minister considers that an inquiry to be made by him under this section should be made by means of the holding of a public inquiry, he may direct a public inquiry to be held.

(4) A report made by or to the appropriate Minister as the result of an inquiry under this section shall not be used in evidence by or on behalf of a person by or against whom any legal proceedings are instituted in consequence of the accident to which the inquiry relates. 79

79. —(1) Where, owing to the presence of a vehicle on a road, an accident occurs within the London Traffic Area and it appears to the Minister that the sole or a contributory cause of the accident was—

(a) the nature or character of the road or of the road surface, or

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

101

(b) a defect in the design or construction of the vehicle or j

in the materials used in the construction of the road or vehicle,

he may, if he thinks fit, cause an inquiry to be held into the cause of the accident

(2) In this section " road " includes a highway and a bridge carrying a highway and any lane, mews, footway, square, court, alley or passage whether a thoroughfare or not.

80. —(1) Where an accident occurs within the London Traffic Inquests on Area resulting in the death of a person, and it is alleged that F°*

the accident was due to- Tr^ A°ea.

(a) the nature or character of a road or road surface; or (b)a defect in the design or construction of a vehicle or in the materials used in the construction of a road or vehicle;

the coroner holding inquiry into the cause of death shall send to the Minister, or to such officer of the Ministry of Transport as the Minister may direct, notice in writing of the time and place of holding the inquest, and of the adjourned inquest; and an officer appointed by the Minister for the purpose shall be at liberty at any such inquest to examine any witness, subject nevertheless to the power of the coroner to disallow any question which in his opinion is not relevant or is otherwise not a proper question.

(2) In this section " road " has the same meaning as in the last foregoing section.

Parking Places ( General Provisions): off Highways or without

. Payment on Highways

81. —(1) Where for the purpose of relieving or preventing Power of local

congestion of traffic it appears to a local authority in England authorities or Wales outside the administrative county of London, or in to

Scotland, to be necessary to provide within their district suitable provide parking places for vehicles, the local authority may in accordance parking places, with the provisions of this section provide such parking places (whether above or below ground and whether or not consisting of

or including buildings) together with means of entrance to and egress therefrom, or may by order authorise the use as a parking place of any part of a street within their district, not being a street within the London Traffic Area.

(2) No order under the foregoing subsection shall—

(a) authorise the use of any part of a street so as unreasonably to prevent access to any premises adjoining the street or the use of the street by any person entitled to the use thereof, or so as to be a nuisance; or (I,)be made in respect of any part of a street without the consent of the authority or person responsible for the maintenance of the street.

102

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I (3) The local authority may adapt for use as, or for providing means of entrance to, or egress from, a parking place any land acquired or appropriated by them for the purposes of this section, and may, with the consent of the authority or person responsible for the maintenance of a street, adapt any part of it for the purpose of providing means of entrance to or egress from a parking place.

(4) Where a local authority propose to acquire any land for the purposes of this section or to utilise any land appropriated by them for those purposes or to make an order under this section authorising the use as a parking place of any land forming part of a street, they shall, before carrying the proposal into effect—

(a) cause notice of the proposal (specifying the land to

which it relates and notifying the date, which shall not be less than twenty-eight days, within which any objection to the proposal shall be sent in writing to the local authority) to be published in at least one newspaper circulating within their district and a copy of the notice to be posted for not less than fourteen days on the land; and

(b) consider any objection which is sent to them in writing

within the time fixed in that behalf, and give notice of their decision on the objection to the person by whom it was made; and a notice under paragraph (a) of this subsection shall include notice of the right of appeal under the next following subsection and so, in England and Wales, shall a notice under paragraph

(b) of this subsection.

(5) If a person is aggrieved by any such decision as aforesaid he may within twenty-one days after receiving notice thereof,—

(a) where the decision is that of a local authority in England or Wales, appeal therefrom to a magistrates’ court (which shall have power to make such order in the matter as it considers reasonable);

(b) where the decision is that of a local authority in Scot-

land, appeal therefrom to the sheriff;

and where a person appeals under paragraph (n) of this subsection he shall give notice of the appeal and of the grounds thereof to the clerk to the local authority by which the decision was made, and nothing shall be done by the local authority to carry into effect the proposal to which that decision relates until the determination or abandonment of the appeal.

(6) A local authority may appoint with or without remuneration such officers and servants as may be necessary for the superintendence of parking places.

(7) A local authority in England or Wales may make byelaws (subject to confirmation by the Secretary of State), and a local authority in Scotland may make regulations, as to the use of

1960

Road Traffic 1960

Ch. 16

103

parking places, and in particular as to the vehicles or class of vehicles which may be entitled to use any such parking place, as to the conditions upon which any such parking place may be used, and as to the charges to be paid to the local authority in connection with the use of any parking place not being part of a street, and a copy of any byelaws or regulations made under this subsection shall be exhibited on or near any parking place to which they relate.

(8) Sections three hundred and one to three hundred and three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall apply, in like manner as they apply to byelaws made under that Act, to regulations made under the last foregoing subsection by a local authority in Scotland, and the Secretary of State shall be the confirming authority as respects such regulations.

(9) While a vehicle is within a parking place, it shall not be lawful for the driver or conductor of the vehicle, or for any person employed in connection therewith, to ply for hire or to accept passengers for hire, and if a person acts in contravention of this provision he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(10) In England and Wales, section six (legal proceedings) of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907, shall apply to offences under any byelaw made under subsection (7) of fins section and to offences under the last foregoing subsection as it applies to offences under that Act or under any byelaw made under the powers thereof, and section seven (appeals to quarter sessions) of that Act shall have effect as if references to that Act included references to this section.

(11) A local authority in England or Wales may be authorised by the Minister to purchase compulsorily land for the purposes of this section, and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, shall apply in relation to the compulsory purchase of land under this subsection as if it had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.

(12) The power of a local authority for the purposes of this section to acquire land with the object of providing means of entrance to and egress from a parking place includes power so to acquire with that object any right in, under or over land.

(13) A local authority in Scotland may borrow such sums as they may require for the purposes of this section.

(14) A local authority may let for use as a parking place any parking place provided by them, not being part of a street.

Part I

104

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eijz. 2

Part I

Power to enable London local

authorities to provide parking places.

(15) The exercise by a local authority of their powers under this section with respect to the use as a parking place of any part of a street shall not render them subject to any liability in respect of the loss of or damage to any vehicle or the fittings or contents of any vehicle parked in the parking place.

(16) In this section—

(a) "local authority" in relation to England and Wales

means the council of a oounty borough or county district, and in relation to Scotland means a county council or town council;

(b) "parking place" means a place where vehicles, or

vehicles of any particular class or description, may wait;

(c) "street", in relation to England and Wales, has the

meaning assigned to it by section four of the Public Health Act, 1875;

and for the purposes of this section an underground parking place shall not be deemed to be part of a street by reason only of its being situated under a street.

(17) Any power conferred by this section to provide a parking place includes power to maintain it (if below ground) and to maintain buildings comprised in it, and to provide and maintain any cloak-room or other convenience for use in connection with it (references to a parking place in other provisions of this section being accordingly construed as including references to such a convenience).

(18) For the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1954, an underground parking place situate under a street which is provided and maintained under this section shall be deemed to be a subway within the meaning of section six of the Telegraph Act, 1878.

(19) An order made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in like manner.

82.—(1) The Minister of Housing and Local Government may by order made by statutory instrument confer upon the Common Council of the City of London and upon metropolitan borough councils and, except in the City of London, upon the London County Council the like powers as, by the last foregoing section, are conferred upon the councils of county boroughs and county districts.

(2) An order under this section shall provide that the powers conferred by the order shall not be exercised except after consultation with the Minister.

I960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

105

(3) No such order shall confer power to authorise the use as a Part 1 parking place of any part of a street except for providing means

of entrance to and egress from a parking place.

(4) The powers conferred upon the London County Council under this section shall not extend to any area on or under a street repairable by the inhabitants at large except with the consent of the highway authority concerned.

(5) An order under this section may incorporate with adaptations such of the provisions of the Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1932, the Local Government Act, 1933 or the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935 (including provisions as to the compulsory acquisition of land) as may be necessary for the purpose of the application of the last foregoing section to London.

(6) An order made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in like manner.

83.—(1) Where, in pursuance of the powers conferred by Omnibus and section eighty-one of this Act, a local authority provide a parking coach 5taUons place which may be used by public service vehicles, the local authority may, if they think fit,—

(a) by order appoint that parking place as a station for such vehicles;

(b) in England or Wales by regulation, and in Scotland by

order, declare that subsection (9) of that section shall not apply to public service vehicles, either absolutely or to such extent as may be specified in the regulation or order.

(2) Where a parking place is appointed under this section as a station for public service vehicles the local authority may—

(a) with the consent of the Minister do all such things as

are necessary to adapt the parking place for use as such a station, and in particular provide and maintain waiting rooms, ticket offices and lavatories, and other similar accommodation, in connection therewith;

(b) make reasonable charges for the use of, or let on hire

to any person, any accommodation so provided; and

(c) make regulations as to the use of any such accommo-

dation.

(3) A local authority shall have power to make such reasonable charges for the use of a parking place, not being part of a street, as a station for public service vehicles as may be fixed by the local authority, so however that if the public service vehicle licence holder in respect of any vehicles using the parking place as a station considers that the charges fixed are unreasonable, then, in default of agreement between the licence holder and the local authority for a reduction thereof, the charges in

D*

106

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I respect of those vehicles shall be such as may be determined by the Minister.

(4) Where a local authority propose to make an order under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, they shall cause notice of the proposal to be published in at least one newspaper circulating within their area, and every such notice shall specify the nature of the proposal and state that a copy of the draft order is open to inspection at a specified place, and specify the period, which shall not be less than twenty-eight days, within which any persons affected by the proposed order may send to the Minister and the local authority objections in writing.

(5) An order made under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall be of no effect unless and until it is confirmed by the Minister, and the Minister before confirming any such order shall consider any objections sent as aforesaid, and shall consult with the commissioners for the traffic area in which the area or any part of the area of the local authority is situate.

(6) The Minister may confirm an order made under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section either without modification or subject to such modifications as he thinks fit, or may refuse to confirm the order.

(7) The confirmation of an order under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall be evidence that the requirements of this section have been complied with.

(8) The powers conferred on a local authority by subsections

(1) and (2) of this section shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, the powers conferred on a local authority by section eighty-one of this Act.

(9) The purposes of this section shall be purposes for which a local authority may borrow.

(10) An order made under paragraph of subsection (1) of this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in like manner.

Provisions as 84. Nothing in sections eighty-one and eighty-three of this to foreshore Act shall authorise the execution of any works on, over or under

in Scotland, tidal lands in Scotland below high-water mark of ordinary spring

tides except in accordance with such plans and sections and subject to such restrictions and regulations as previous to such works* being commenced have been approved by the Minister in writing under the hand of one of the secretaries or assistant secretaries of the Ministry of Transport.

Parking Places (General Provisions): on Highways for

Payment

Provision on 85.—(1) The Minister may by order made on the application

highways of of the local authority in accordance with the provisions of Part I 5£cl5 the Tenth Schedule to this Act (in this and the five next made.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

107

following sections and in that Schedule referred to as a " designation order ") designate parking places on highways in the metropolitan police district or the City of London for vehicles or vehicles of any class or description specified in the order, and the local authority may make charges for vehicles left in any parking place so designated of such amount as is hereinafter specified.

(2) In determining what parking places are to be designated under this section the Minister shall consider both the interests of traffic and those of the owners and occupiers of adjoining property, and in particular the matters to which he shall have regard shall include—

(a) the need for maintaining the free movement of traffic, and

(b) the need for maintaining reasonable access to premises, and

(c) the extent to which parking accommodation (whether open or covered) otherwise than on highways is available in the neighbourhood or the provision thereof is likely to be encouraged there by the designation of parking places under this section.

(3) The exercise by a local authority of their functions under this section shall not render the authority subject to any liability in respect of the loss of or damage to any vehicle in a parking place or the contents or fittings of any such vehicle.

(4) In this and the four next following sections "local authority" means the council of a county borough or county district, the Common Council of the City of London or the council of a metropolitan borough, and " the local authority ", in relation to a parking place or proposed parking place on any site, means that one of the said councils in whose area the site is:

Provided that in the case of a site in a metropolitan borough—

(a) an application for a designation order may be made

by the London County Council, and references in the Tenth Schedule to this Act to a local authority shall be construed accordingly;

(b) subject to the next following paragraph, the London

County Council shall be the local authority if the parking place is designated by an order made on their application;

(c) at any time after the making of a designation order

the council of the metropolitan borough and the London County Council may apply to the Minister for an order directing that such one of the councils as is not the local authority shall become the local authority for that parking place, and the Minister may, if he thinks fit, make an order accordingly.

(5) If it appears to the Minister that it is expedient for the purposes of tins section that, with a view to experiment or

D* 2

Part 1

108

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I demonstration, parking places on highways should be designated at any sites in the metropolitan police district or the City of London, and that no application under this section for the designation thereof is forthcoming, the Minister may by order made in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the Tenth Schedule to this Act designate those parking places for vehicles or vehicles of any class or description specified in the order, and may make charges for vehicles left in any parking place so designated of such amount as is hereinafter specified; and—

(a) in relation to parking places designated by virtue of this subsection references in subsection (3) of this section and in the two next following sections to the local authority shall be construed as references to the Minister;

(b) if the Minister, with the consent of the Treasury, enters into an agreement with the local authority or the London County Council for the transfer to the authority or Council of the operation of the parking place, the operation thereof, and such apparatus or other things held by, and rights or liabilities of, the Minister in connection with the parking place as may be specified in the agreement, shall be transferred as from such date and on such terms (including terms as to the making of payments to or by the Minister) as may be so specified;

(c) from the taking effect of any such transfer of the operation of a parking place the order designating the parking place shall have effect subject to such modifications (if any) as the Minister may direct, being amendments appearing to him requisite in consequence of the transfer, and the provisions of this and the five next following sections shall thereafter apply as if the parking place had been designated by order made on the application of the council to which the transfer is made.

(6) An order under the last foregoing subsection shall not continue in force for longer than two years from the coming into operation thereof together with such further period (if any) not exceeding twelve months as the Minister may by order made at any time before the expiration of the order under the last foregoing subsection prescribe:

Provided that this subsection shall cease to have effect as respects any parking place on the making in relation thereto of an agreement under paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection.

(7) References in the five next following sections and the Tenth Schedule to this Act to a designation order include references to an order under subsection (5) of this section.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

109

(&) The Minister may by order provide that subsection (1) Part I of this section shall apply to any such area in England or Wales, in addition to die metropolitan police district and the City of London, as may be specified in the order.

(9) The Secretary of State may by order provide that subsection (1) of this section shall apply to any such area in Scotland as may be specified in the order; and as respects any such area—

(a) references to the Minister in this and the five next following sections and the Tenth Schedule to this Act shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State;

(b) the expression " local authority " in the said provisions means a county council or a town council.

(10) Nothing in this section or an order under either of the two last foregoing subsections shall affect the operation of section thirty-four or eighty-one of this Act.

86.—(1) The amount of the charge for a vehicle left in a park- Amount of ing place designated under the last foregoing section shall be parkfJ^ ™ calculated as follows. highways and

(2) There shall be a prescribed standard period for each park- jjment ing place and, subject as hereinafter provided, the amount of the charge for a vehicle left in the parking place for a time not exceeding the standard period (hereinafter referred to as the

" initial charge ") shall be such amount (hereinafter referred to as the " standard amount ") as may be prescribed, and the initial charge shall be payable on the leaving of the vehicle in the parking place:

Provided that—

(a) if it is so prescribed, the initial charge for a vehicle

left for a time not exceeding one half of the standard period shall be one half of the standard amount, and

(b) where the foregoing paragraph has effect, and it is

further so prescribed, then if before the end of the prescribed time a further payment of one half of the standard amount is made the two payments shall be treated as a single payment of an initial charge of the standard amount made on the leaving of the vehicle.

(3) If a vehicle is left in the parking place for longer than the period for which payment was made by the initial charge, the amount of the charge shall be the amount of the initial charge together with such additional amount (hereinafter referred to as the "excess charge") as may be prescribed, and the excess charge shall be payable in such manner and at such time as may be prescribed.

no

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

(4) If it is so provided in the designation order, there shall be apparatus of the prescribed description for indicating in the prescribed manner, as respects each space provided for the leaving of vehicles, whether the initial charge has been paid and whether the period for which payment was made by the initial charge has expired; and—

(a) payment of the initial charge shall be made by the insertion of coins in the apparatus and the doing of any other thing prescribed for the purpose of operating the apparatus;

(b) subject to the following paragraph, if at any time while a vehicle is left in the parking place the apparatus relating to the space in which it is left gives the prescribed indication, it shall be presumed unless the contrary is proved that the initial charge has been duly paid and that the period for which payment was made by the initial charge has already expired;

(c) if it is proved that the time for which the vehicle has been left in the parking place is less than the standard period, or, where paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (2) of this section has effect, less than half the standard period, paragraph ( of this subsection shall not have effect but it shall be presumed unless the contrary is proved that the initial charge has not been duly paid for the vehicle.

(5) Where no such apparatus is in use, the designation order may provide that the initial charge shall be payable on the vehicle's being taken away from the parking place, and where such provision is made subsection (3) of this section shall apply with the substitution, for the reference to the period for which payment was made by the initial charge, of a reference to the standard period.

(6) A designation order may prescribe that the following provisions shall have effect in relation to charges for vehicles left in the parking place designated by the order in substitution for the four last foregoing subsections, that is to say,—

(a) the amount of the charge for a vehicle left in the parking

place at any period of the day prescribed by the order shall be such amount as may be so prescribed, irrespective of the time for which the vehicle is left;

(b) the charge shall be payable either on the leaving of the

vehicle or on its being taken away, as may be prescribed;

(c) if it is so prescribed, the charge shall be payable by the

insertion of coins in an apparatus provided for the purpose of such description as may be prescribed and the doing of any other thing prescribed for the purpose of operating the apparatus, and, unless the contrary

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

111

is proved, the charge shall be taken to have been duly Part 1 paid or not to have been duly paid as may be indicated by the apparatus in the prescribed manner.

(7) Any such apparatus as is mentioned in subsection (4) or

(6) of this section is hereinafter referred to as a parking meter.

(8) Where provision is made for the use of parking meters it shall be the duty of the local authority to take the prescribed steps for the periodical inspection of the meters and for dealing with any found to be out of order, and for securing the testing of the meters (both before they are brought into use and not less frequently thereafter than may be prescribed or on other prescribed occasions), and for recording in the prescribed manner the date on which and persons by whom a meter has been tested.

87-—(1) A designation order shall specify whether the parking General place designated thereby may be used for the leaving of vehicles at all times or between such hours only as may be specified in pS/nn the order, and may provide that the parking place may be used highways only during a specified period of the year, or may not be used on where charges specified days, or may be used only on such days as may be made-specified; and—

(a) as respects any time during which provision is not made

by the order for the leaving of vehicles in the parking place, it shall be treated for the purposes of the last foregoing and next following sections as if it were not designated by the order, without prejudice, however, to any proceedings for an offence otherwise than under the next following section;

(b) where a vehicle, having been left in the parking place,

remains there at the beginning of any period during which the leaving of vehicles in the parking place is authorised by the order, then without prejudice to any rights accrued or liabilities incurred in respect of anything previously done or omitted the vehicle shall be treated for the purposes of the last foregoing and next following sections as if it had been left in the parking place at the beginning of that period.

(2) A designation order may revoke the designation of any place as a parking place under section thirty-four or eighty-one of this Act, and such an order, or a regulation under the said section thirty-four containing a designation of a place as a parking place or an order under the said section eighty-one containing such a designation, may provide that the designation shall not have effect as respects any time during which provision is made under section eighty-five of this Act for the leaving of vehicles in that place.

(3) A designation order may contain provision for determining by or under the order the positions in which vehicles left in a

112

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I parking place shall stand, and the manner in which such vehicles shall be driven into or out of, the parking place, may prohibit or restrict the waiting in a parking place, whether in the said positions or elsewhere, of other vehicles, and may contain provision for determining as aforesaid the positions in which other vehicles permitted by die order to wait in the parking place, or to wait there for any purpose specified in the order, shall wait there.

(4) A designation order may exempt from the parent of any charge vehicles left in the parking place in such circumstances as may be specified in the order, subject however to any conditions so specified.

(5) The Minister may by order provide that the time for which a vehicle may be left in a parking place designated by a designation order after the excess charge has been incurred shall not exceed such time as may be prescribed; but any such provision of an order shall be without prejudice to the liability to the excess charge.

(6) The Minister may, as respects parking places designated as aforesaid for which there is a prescribed standard period, by order provide that a vehicle which has been taken away from the place where it was left in any such parking place shall not again be left in that parking place until after the expiration of such interval as may be prescribed.

(7) The Minister may by order empower the local authority, the chief officer of police, or any other person specified by or under the order, to provide for the moving, in case of emergency, of vehicles left in a parking place, to suspend the use of a parking place or any part thereof on such occasions or in such circumstances as may be determined by or under the order, and to provide for the temporary removal of any parking meters installed at a parking place.

(8) The Minister may by order make such incidental or consequential provision as appears to him requisite for the purposes of (the satisfactory operation of parking places designated by designation orders, including in particular (but without prejudice to the generality of this subsection) provision—

(a) for prohibiting or restricting the carrying on of trades

or other activities, or the doing of any other thing, at the parking places,

(b) for altering the position in a parking place of vehicles

left there in contravention of the provisions of an order of the Minister as to the manner in which vehicles shall stand therein, and for the removal from parking places, and safe custody, of vehicles left there in contravention of the provisions of such an order and the recovery of the cost of removal and safe custody.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

113

(c) as respects any parking place for which there is a

prescribed standard period, for preventing the postponement, by the insertion of additional coins in a parking meter, of the indication of the time after which the excess charge is incurred,

() for conferring on the local authority powers of acquiring

(whether by purchase or hiring) and installing parking meters, of illuminating parking places, and of erecting notices or signs and carrying out work on or in the vicinity of a parking place.

88.—(1) A person who—

(a) being the driver of a vehicle, leaves the vehicle in a

parking place designated by a designation order otherwise than as authorised by the order, or leaves the vehicle therein for longer after the excess charge has been incurred than the time prescribed under subsection (5) of the last foregoing section, or fails duly to pay any charge payable under section eighty-five of this Act, or contravenes or fails to comply with any provision of an order relating to the pariring place as to the manner in which vehicles shall stand in, or be driven into or out of, the parking place, or

(b) whether being the driver of a vehicle or not, otherwise

contravenes or fails to comply with any order of the Minister relating to parking places designated by designation orders, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(2) In relation to an offence under paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection of leaving a vehicle for longer after the excess charge has been incurred than the time prescribed under subsection (5) of the last foregoing section, or failing duly to pay any charge payable under section eighty-five of this Act, the reference in the said paragraph (a) to the driver of a vehicle shall be construed as a reference to the person driving the vehicle at the time it was left in the parking place.

(3) A person who, with intent to defraud, interferes with a parking meter or operates or attempts to operate a parking meter by the insertion of objects other than current coins of the appropriate denomination shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(4) Where, in any proceedings in England and Wales for an offence under this section of failing to pay any charge, it is proved that the amount which has become due, or any part of that amount, has not been duly paid, the court shall order the

Part I

Offences relating to parking places on highways where charges made.

114

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part I payment of the stun not paid, and any sum ordered to be paid by virtue of this subsection shall be recoverable as a penalty.

(5) In any proceedings for an offence under this section it shall be assumed, unless the contrail is shown, that any apparatus provided in a parking place, being an apparatus operated by the insertion of coins, is of the prescribed description.

(6) Where in any proceedings for an offence under this section of failing to pay an excess charge it is not proved that the excess charge had become due, but is proved that the initial charge has not been paid, the defendant may be convicted of an offence under this section of failing to pay the initial charge.

(7) In England or Wales a local authority may institute proceedings for an offence under this section in connection with a parking place for which they are the local authority.

Financial provisions relating to exercise of powers under section 85.

89.—(1) A local authority shall keep an account of their income and expenditure in respect of parking places designated by designation orders for which they are the local authority.

(2) At the end of each financial year any deficit in the account shall be made good out of the general rate fund and any surplus shall be applied for all or any of the purposes specified in the next following subsection, and in so far as not so applied shall be appropriated to the carrying out of some specific project falling within those purposes and carried forward until applied to the carrying out thereof:

Provided that if the local authority so determine, any amount not applied in any financial year may instead of being or remaining appropriated as aforesaid be carried forward in the account kept under subsection (1) of this section to the next financial year, but shall not be carried forward from one quadrennial period to another without the consent of the Minister.

(3) The said purposes are the following, that is to say:—

(a) the making good to the general rate fund of any amounts charged to that fund under the last foregoing subsection in the four years immediately preceding the financial year in question;

(b) meeting all or any part of the cost of the provision

and maintenance by the local authority of parking accommodation for vehicles otherwise than on highways and whether in the open or under cover;

(c) the making to other local authorities, to any county council, or, with the consent of the Minister, to other persons, of contributions towards the cost of the provision and maintenance by them in the area of the

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

115

local authority or elsewhere of parking accommodation Part I for vehicles otherwise than on highways and whether in the open or under cover.

(4) This section shall apply to the London County Council with the substitution, for references to the general rate fund, of references to the county fund.

(5) In this section "quadrennial period" means, in relation to a local authority, a period beginning with the date when the local authority first keep the account required by subsection (1) of this section and ending with the fourth complete financial year after that date, or a period of four years beginning immediately after the expiration of a quadrennial period.

90,—(1) In the provisions of sections eighty-five to eighty-nine of this Act "prescribed" means prescribed by order of the Minister.

Provisions supplementary to sections 85 to 89.

(2) Anything authorised or required by the said provisions to be prescribed or to be done by order of the Minister may, save as otherwise expressly required, be prescribed or done either by a designation order or by a general order.

(3) Any power to make an order conferred by the said provisions shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(4) An order under subsection (8) or (9) of section eighty-five of this Act shall not have effect unless approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

(5) A statutory instrument embodying any order under the provisions of sections eighty-five to eighty-nine of this Act other than subsections (8) and (9) of the said section eighty-five shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(6) The power to make any such order as is mentioned in this section shall include power, exercisable in like manner and subject to the like provisions, to vary or revoke the order.

(7) Any expenses incurred by the Minister by virtue of subsection (5) of section eighty-five of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and any sums received by him by virtue of that subsection shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Parish Parking Places for Bicycles and Motor Cycles

91-—(1) Where for the purpose of relieving or preventing Power of congestion of traffic or preserving local amenities it appears to a parish councils parish council in England or Wales to be necessary to provide places

within the parish suitable parking places for bicycles and motor- for bicycles and cycles, the parish council may provide and maintain such park- motorcycles. j ing places in accordance with the provisions of this section, and j

for that purpose (or for the purpose of providing means of

116

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I entrance to and egress from any parking place provided under this section) may—

(a) utilise and adapt any land purchased by the council for

the purpose or appropriated for the purpose under subsection (2) of this section; or

(b) subject to the provisions of the next following section,

adapt and by order authorise the use of any part of a road within the parish;

and the power under this subsection to provide and maintain parking places shall include power to provide and maintain structures for use as parking places.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in any other enactment, a parish council may, with the consent of the Minister of Housing and Local Government, appropriate for the purpose of providing a parking place under this section—

(a) any part of a recreation ground provided or main-

tained by the council under section eight of the Local Government Act, 1894;

(b) any part of an open space controlled or maintained by the council under the Open Spaces Act, 1906, other than a part which has been consecrated as a burial ground or in which burials have taken place;

(c) any part of any land provided by the council as a playing

field or for any other purpose under section four of the Physical Training and Recreation Act, 1937:

Provided that any part so appropriated shall not exceed one-eighth of the total area of the recreation ground, open space or land concerned, or eight hundred square feet, whichever is the less.

(3) No order under subsection (1) of this section shall authorise the use of any part of a road as a parking place under this section so as unreasonably to prevent access to any premises adjoining the road, or the use of the road by any person entitled to use it, or so as to be a nuisance.

(4) Where a parish council propose to purchase or appropriate any land for the purposes of this section, or to make an order under this section authorising the use of any part of a road for those purposes, they shall, before carrying that proposal into effect,—

ia) cause a notice of the proposal (specifying the land to which it relates) to be published in at least one newspaper circulating within their parish, and a copy of the notice to be posted for not less than fourteen days on the land; and

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

117

(6) consider any objection which is sent to them in writing Part I within such time (not being less than twenty-eight days) after the publication of tbs notice as may be specified therein, and give notice of their decision on the objection to the person by whom it was made;

and every notice under paragraph ib) of this subsection shall include notice of the right of appeal under the next following subsection.

(5) If a person is aggrieved by any such decision as aforesaid, he may wkhin twenty-one days after notice of the decision is given under the last foregoing subsection appeal therefrom by way of complaint to a magistrates’ court, and the court may make such order in the matter as it considers reasonable; and where a person appeals under this subsection he shall give notice of the appeal and of the grounds thereof to the chairman of the parish council by which the decision was made, and nothing shall be done by die parish council to carry into effect the proposal to which that decision relates until the determination or abandonment of the appeal.

(6) A parish council may employ with or without remuneration such persons as may be necessary for the superintendence of parking places provided by the council under this section.

(7) A parish council may make byelaws (subject to confirmation by the Secretary of State) as to the use of parking places provided under this section, and in particular as to the conditions upon which any such parking place may be used and as to the charges to be paid to the council in connection with the use of any parking place not being part of a road; and a copy of any byelaws made under this subsection shall be exhibited on or near every parking place to which they relate.

(8) A parish council may let for use as a parking place any parking place provided by them (not being part of a road) under this section; but (without prejudice to any power of a parish council under any other enactment to let a playing field or other land of which a parking place forms part) no single letting under this subsection shall be for a longer period than seven days.

(9) The exercise by a parish council of their powers under this section with respect to the use as a parking place of any part of a road shall not render them subject to any liability in respect of loss of or damage to any vehicle or the fittings or contents of any vehicle parked in such a parking place.

(10) An order made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in like manner.

118

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I 92.—(1) A parish council shall not have power by virtue of

Provisions as the last foregoing section to provide a parking place— to consents for ... ... , .

purposes of (a) in a position obstructing or interfering with any existing

section 91. access to any land or premises not forming part of a

road, except with the consent of the owner and the occupier of the land or premises; or

(b) in a road which is not a highway or in a public path, except with the consent of the owner and the occupier of the land over which the road or path runs; or

(c) in any such situation or position as is described in the first column of the following Table, except with the consent of the persons described in relation thereto in the second column of that Table.

Table

In a trunk road or any other road main- The Minister, tained by the Minister or on land abutting on any such road.

In a road which is a highway (other than a The county council, trunk road or a road maintained as aforesaid or a public path) or on land abutting on any such road

In a road which is a highway belonging to The undertakers con-and repairable by any railway, dock, cemed. harbour, canal, inland navigation or passenger road transport undertakers and forming the approach to any station, dock, wharf or depot of those undertakers.

On a bridge carrying a highway over a railway, dock, harbour, canal or inland navigation, or on the approaches to any such bridge or under a bridge carrying a railway, canal or inland navigation over a highway.

The railway, dock, harbour, canal or inland navigation undertakers concerned.

(2) Any consent required by paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section shall not unreasonably be withheld, but may be given subject to any reasonable conditions, including a condition that the parish council shall remove any thing to the provision of which the consent relates either at any time or at or after the expiration of a period if reasonably required so to do by the person giving the consent.

(3) A dispute between a parish council and a person whose consent is required under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section whether that consent is unreasonably withheld or is given

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

119

subject to reasonable conditions, or whether the removal of any thing to the provision of which the consent relates in accordance with any condition of the consent is reasonably required, shall—

(a) in the case of a dispute between the parish council and

the Minister, be referred to and determined by an arbitrator to be appointed in default of agreement by the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers; and

(b) in any other case, be referred to and determined by the Minister, who may cause a public inquiry to be held for the purpose.

(4) Section six of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 (which makes provision as to access to telegraphic lines, sewers, pipe-subways, pipes, wires and other apparatus) shall apply in relation to a parking place (including a structure for use as a parking place) provided by a parish council under section ninety-one of this Act, and to the council by which the parking place is so provided, as it applies in relation to a shelter or other accommodation provided, and to the local authority by which it is provided, under section four of that Act.

(5) In this section and in the said section six as they apply in relation to a parking place provided under section ninety-one of this Act which forms part of a road, references to removal shall be construed as including references to the suspension or revocation of the order authorising the use of that part of the road as a parking place.

93.—(1) A parish council may contribute towards—

(a) the reasonable expenses incurred by any person in doing

anything which by virtue of section ninety-one of this Act that council has power to do; and

(b) the expenses incurred by any other parish council in exercising their powers under that section.

(2) Where before the seventeenth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, a parish council have provided anything which could be provided by them under section ninety-one of this Act or where, before the date of coming into operation of this section (whether before or after the said seventeenth day of July) or on or after the date of coming into operation of this section, any other person has provided any such thing, the parish council shall have the like power to maintain that thing as if it had been provided by them under the said section ninety-one.

Part I

Provisions ancillary to exercise of powers under section 91.

120

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part I

Application of sections 91 to 93 to boroughs included in rural districts.

Interpretation of sections 91 to 94.

Power to provide for charges for parking in Royal Parks.

(3) Without prejudice to any other power of combination, a parish council may by agreement combine with any other parish council for the purpose of exercising the powers conferred by section ninety-one of this Act.

94, The three last foregoing sections shall apply to the council of a borough included in a rural district as they apply to a parish council, and in their application to the council of a borough so included references therein to the parish shall be construed as references to the borough.

95. In the four last foregoing sections, except so far as the context otherwise requires,—

" in " in a context referring to things in a road includes a reference to things under, over, across, along or upon the road;

" owner " has the meaning assigned to it by section three hundred and forty-three of the Public Health Act, 1936;

" parish " in relation to a common parish council acting for two or more grouped parishes, means those parishes;

" public path " has the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-seven of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949;

"road" means a highway (including a public path) and any other road, lane, footway, square, court, alley or passage (whether a thoroughfare or not) to which the public has access, but does not include a road provided or to be provided in pursuance of a scheme made or having effect as if made under section eleven of the Highways Act, 1959.

Parking of Vehicles in Royal Parks

96, Regulations under section two of the Parks Regulation (Amendment) Act, 1926, may make provision for imposing and recovering charges for the leaving of vehicles, or vehicles of any class or description, in any park to which that Act applies; and regulations made by virtue of this section may make, as respects charges and penalties recoverable under the regulations, provision corresponding with the provisions of subsection (4) of section eighty-eight of this Act.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

121

Part II

Minimum Age for Driving motor Vehicles and Licensing of Drivers thereof

Minimum Age for Driving

97*—(1) A person shall not drive on a road a motor vehicle of Minimum age a class or description specified in the first column of the following for driving. Table if he is under the age specified in relation thereto in the second column of that Table.

Table

Class or description of

motor vehicle Age

1. Motor cycle or invalid carriage 16

2. Motor car ... 17

3. Tractor used primarily for work on land in

connection with agriculture 17

4. Heavy locomotive, light locomotive, motor

tractor or heavy motor car, but not including such a tractor as is mentioned in paragraph 3 21

(2) Regulations may provide that in relation to motor cycles or, if it is so prescribed by the regulations, in relation to motor cycles of a class or description so prescribed, the foregoing table shall have effect as if it specified such minimum age, not being less than sixteen years, as may be so prescribed:

Provided that a person shall not be prohibited by virtue of regulations having effect by virtue of this subsection from driving motor cycles of any class or description if at any time before the coming into force of the regulations he has held a licence, other than a provisional licence, authorising him to drive that class or description of motor cycles or if at the time of the coming into force of the regulations he holds a provisional licence

Driving Licences

98.—(1) A person shall not drive on a road a motor vehicle Drivers of of any class or description unless he is the holder of a licence motor vehicles

authorising

description.

him to drive a motor vehicle of that class ordriving

licences.

(2) A person shall not employ a person to drive on a road a motor vehicle of any class or description unless the person employed is the holder of a licence authorising him to drive a motor vehicle of that class or description.

(3) A person who acts in contravention of subsection (1) or

(2) of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or

122

Ch. 16

Road Traffic 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

Tests of competence to drive.

subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section, a person may, without holding a licence, act as steersman of a motor vehicle, being a vehicle on which a speed limit of five miles per hour or less is imposed by or under section twenty-four of this Act, under the orders of another person engaged in the driving of the vehicle who is licensed in that behalf in accordance with the requirements of this Part of this Act and Part V thereof, and a person may employ another person who is not the holder of a licence so to act

99.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act as to provisional licences, a licence authorising the driving of motor vehicles of any class or description shall not be granted to a person unless he satisfies the licensing authority either—

(a) that at some time during the period of ten years ending

on the date of coming into force of the licence applied for he has passed the test of competence to drive prescribed by virtue of the next following subsection or a test of competence which under subsection (5) of this section is a sufficient test, or

(b) that within the said period of ten years he has held a

licence authorising the driving of vehicles of that class or description, not being a provisional licence or a licence granted by virtue of subsection (4) of this section.

(2) Regulations may make provision with respect to the nature of tests of competence to drive for the purposes of this section, to the qualifications, selection and appointment of persons by whom they may be conducted and to the revocation of any appointment, to evidence of the results thereof and generally with respect thereto, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, regulations having effect by virtue of this subsection may provide—

(a) for requiring a person submitting himself for a test to

provide a vehicle for the purposes thereof;

(b) for requiring a person submitting himself for a test to

pay such fee, not exceeding one pound, as may be specified in the regulations;

(c) for ensuring that a person submitting himself for a test

and failing to pass that test shall not be eligible to submit himself to another test by the same or any other person before the expiration of a period specified in the regulations except under an order made by a court or sheriff under the power conferred by the next following subsection; and different regulations may be made with respect to tests of competence to drive different classes or descriptions of vehicles.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

123

(3) A magistrates’ court acting for the petty sessions area in which a person who has submitted himself for a test of competence to drive resides, or if he resides in Scotland, the sheriff within whose jurisdiction he resides, shall have power on the application of that person to determine whether the test was properly conducted in accordance with the regulations and, if it appears to the court or sheriff that the test was not so conducted, the court or sheriff may order that the applicant shall be eligible to submit himself to another test before the expiration of the period specified for the purposes of paragraph (c) of the last foregoing subsection, and may order that any fee payable by the applicant in respect of the test shall not be paid or, if it has been paid, shall be repaid.

(4) Regulations may provide for dispensing, in the case of any person not resident in Great Britain, with the requirements of subsection (1) of this section.

(5) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section a test of competence to drive is to be taken to be sufficient for the granting of a licence authorising the driving of vehicles of any class or description, if—

(< a) in the case of a test passed before the first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, it was on that day the prescribed test under section six of the Road Traffic Act, 1934, for that class or description, or the passing of the test would have authorised the granting on that day of a licence under Part I of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, comprising that class or description, or

(b) whenever the test was passed, the class or description is one to which at the time of the application for the licence this paragraph applied by virtue of regulations having effect by virtue of this section, or the corresponding provision of the enactments repealed by this Act applied by virtue of regulations under subsection (5) of the said section six, and the test, or any other test declared by such regulations to be equivalent thereto, was at that time the prescribed test under this section or the said section six for that class or description, or the passing of the test authorised the granting at that time of a licence under this Part of this Act or the said Part I comprising that class or description, or

(c) whenever the test was passed, the class or description is one which by virtue of this subsection has been comprised in a licence under this Part of this Act or the said Part I previously granted to the applicant.

100.—(1) On an application for the grant of a licence the applicant shall make a declaration in the prescribed form as to whether or not he is suffering from any such disease or physical disability as may be specified in the form, or any other disease or physical disability which would be likely to cause the driving by him of a motor vehicle, being a vehicle of such a class or

Part n

Requirements as to physical fitness of drivers.

124

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 11 description as he would be authorised by the licence to drive, to be a source of danger to the public.

(2) If from the declaration it appears that the applicant is suffering from any such disease or disability as aforesaid, or if on inquiry into other information the licensing authority are satisfied that the applicant is suffering from any such disease or disability, then subject to the following provisions of this section the licensing authority shall refuse to grant the licence.

(3) The last foregoing subsection shall not prevent the grant of a licence limited to driving an invalid carriage in a case in which the licensing authority are satisfied of the applicant's fitness or ability to drive such a carriage.

(4) Except in the case of such diseases and disabilities as may be prescribed, the applicant may, on payment of the prescribed fee, claim to be subjected to a test as to his fitness or ability to drive a motor vehicle of any such class or description as he would be authorised by the licence to drive, and if he passes the prescribed test the licence shall not be refused by reason only of the provisions of subsection (2) of this section; but if the test proves his fitness or ability to drive vehicles of a particular construction or design only, the licence shall be limited to the driving of such vehicles.

(5) If, on the application for the grant of a licence, the applicant makes a declaration that on the occasion of a previous application by him a licence was granted to him after passing such a test as aforesaid or making a declaration under proviso <c) to subsection (2) of section five of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 (which precluded the refusal, on grounds of disease or disability of a kind falling within that paragraph, of a licence under Part I of that Act in the case of a person who, on his first application for it, declared that during the six months preceding the application he had been in the habit of driving a motor vehicle of any such class or description as he would be authorised by the licence to drive and that the disease or disability from which he suffered did not cause the driving of such a motor vehicle by him to be a souroe of danger to the public), a further test shall not be required unless from the declaration as to physical fitness made by him for the purposes of his application, or from information received by the licensing authority, it appears that the disease or physical disability from which the applicant is suffering has become more acute, or that the applicant is suffering from some disease or disability not disclosed on the previous occasion or contracted since that occasion.

(6) If it appears to a licensing authority that there is reason to believe that a person who holds a licence granted by them is suffering from a disease or physical disability likely to cause the driving by him of a motor vehicle, being a vehicle of any such class or description as he is authorised by the licence to drive, to be a source of danger to the public, and on inquiry

I

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

125

into the matter the authority are satisfied that he is suffering part 11 from such a disease or disability as aforesaid, then, whether or not he has previously passed a test under this section, the licensing authority may, after giving him notice of their intention so to do, revoke the licence, and he shall, on receipt of the notice, deliver the licence to the licensing authority for cancellation:

Provided that the licence holder may, except in the case of any such disease or disability as may be prescribed, claim to be subjected to a test as to his fitness or ability to drive a motor vehicle, and if he passes the prescribed test die licence shall not be revoked.

101,—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the licensing Grant of authority is the council of the county or county borough in f

which the applicant for a licence resides, or if he resides in therefor* and Scotland— duration

(a) the council of the county in which he resides unless thereof, he resides in such a burgh as is mentioned in the following paragraph;

(b) if he resides in a burgh containing within its boundary,

as ascertained, fixed or determined for police purposes, a population, according to the census for the time being last taken, of or exceeding fifty thousand, the council of that burgh.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the two last foregoing sections, the licensing authority shall on payment of the appropriate fee grant a licence to a person who applies for it in the prescribed manner and who is not, and makes a declaration in the prescribed form that he is not, disqualified by reason of age or otherwise for obtaining the licence for which he is applying.

(3) Licences shall be in the prescribed form, and—

(a) where under the provisions of this Part of this Act the

applicant is subject to a restriction with respect to the driving of a class or description of motor vehicle, the extent of the restriction shall be specified in the prescribed manner on the licence;

(b) except in the case of a provisional licence, shall specify

whether the licence authorises the holder to drive motor vehicles of all classes or descriptions or of certain classes or descriptions only, and in the latter case shall specify the classes or descriptions of vehicles which it authorises the holder to drive.

(4) A licence shall, unless previously revoked or surrendered, remain in force for a period of three years from the date on which it is granted:

Provided that where the holder of a licence capable of remaining in force for three years surrenders it and applies under this

126

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

Provisional

licences.

section for a new licence he shall, if he so requires, be granted a licence at a reduced fee to continue in force only for the period for which the surrendered licence would have continued if not surrendered.

(5) The fee payable under subsection (2) of this section on the grant of a licence shall be fifteen shillings, and the reduced'fee payable under the proviso to the last foregoing subsection shall be—

(a) two shillings and sixpence, if by virtue of subsection (5)

of section ninety-nine of this Act the licence granted comprises a class or description of vehicles not comprised in the surrendered licence,

(b) five shillings in any other case.

(6) Subsections (4) and (5) of this section shall not apply to a provisional licence or to a licence granted to a person as resident outside the United Kingdom; but a licence granted as aforesaid shall, unless previously revoked or surrendered, remain in force for a period of twelve months from the date on which it is granted and the fee payable under subsection (2) of this section on the grant thereof shall be five shillings.

(7) In any proceedings the fact that a licence has been granted to a person shall be evidence that for the purpose of obtaining the licence he made a declaration that he was not disqualified for holding or obtaining the licence.

102,—(1) For the purpose of enabling an applicant for the grant of a licence to learn to drive a motor vehicle with a view to passing a test of competence to drive or a test of fitness to drive, the licensing authority may, if so requested by him and on payment of such fee not exceeding ten shillings as may be prescribed, grant him a provisional licence to be in force for a period of six months.

(2) A provisional licence shall be in the prescribed form and granted subject to the prescribed conditions.

(3) If a person to whom a provisional licence is granted fails to comply with any of the conditions subject to which it is granted, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or on a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or .to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(4) Where an applicant for a provisional licence holds such a licence or has held one during the period of twelve months ending on the date of coming into force of the licence applied for, and has held a previous provisional licence within the period of twelve months ending on the date of coming into force of

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

127

the last provisional licence held by him, the licensing authority may refuse to grant the licence applied for unless either—

(a) the applicant has submitted himself to a test of com-

petence to drive or test of fitness to drive during the currency of the last provisional licence held by him, or

(b) he satisfies the licensing authority that he has reasonable cause for not having done so, and (in either case) before the date of the application for the licence he has applied to submit himself to such a test to be taken within six months after the date of the application for the licence.

103. A person who is aggrieved by the refusal under section one hundred of this Act of a licensing authority to grant a licence or by the revocation thereunder of a licence, or by the refusal under the last foregoing section of a licensing authority to grant a licence, may, after giving to the licensing authority notice of his intention so to do, appeal—

ia) if he resides in England or Wales, to a magistrates* court acting for the petty sessions area in which he resides,

(b) if he resides in Scotland, to the sheriff within whose

jurisdiction he resides,

and on any such appeal the court or sheriff may make such order as it or he thinks fit and an order so made shall be binding on the licensing authority. 104

104. —(1) The court before which a person is convicted of an offence specified in the first column of the Eleventh Schedule to this Act—

(a) may, subject to any limitation specified in relation to

that offence in the second column of that Schedule, order him to be disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence for such period as the court thinks fit;

(b) if the conviction is one specified in the third column of

the said Eleventh Schedule as involving obligatory disqualification, shall (without prejudice to the power to order a longer period of disqualification) order him to be disqualified as aforesaid in accordance with any provisions of the said third column as to the period of disqualification, unless under those provisions it is permissible for the court to order otherwise and it so orders in accordance with those provisions.

(2) The obligation imposed by paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection to order a person to be disqualified if convicted of an offence shall not apply to a conviction of aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring, or inciting to, the commission of the offence; and in the case of an offence under section two of this Act the power conferred by paragraph (a) of that subsection

Part II

Appeal against refusal or revocation of licence.

Disqualification on conviction of certain offences.

128

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Past D

Appeal against disqualification, and rule for determining end of period thereof.

Removal of disqualification.

to order a person to be disqualified shall not be exercisable as respects such a conviction as aforesaid unless it is proved that he was present in the vehicle at the time of the commission of the offence.

(3) The court before which a person is convicted of an offence under section two or three of this Act or under subsection (1) of section six thereof may, whether he has previously passed the prescribed test of competence to drive or not and whether or not the court makes an order under subsection (1) of this section, order him to be disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle until he has, since the date of the order, passed that test; and a disqualification by virtue of an order under this subsection shall be deemed to have expired on production to the licensing authority of evidence in the prescribed form that the person disqualified has, since the order was made, passed that test.

105. —(1) A person disqualified by an order of a court for holding or obtaining a licence may appeal against the order in the same manner as against a conviction, and the court by or before which he was convicted may, if it thinks fit, pending the appeal suspend the disqualification.

(2) In determining the expiration of the period for which a person is disqualified by an order of a court made in consequence of a conviction for holding or obtaining a licence, any time after the conviction during which the disqualification was suspended or he was not disqualified shall be disregarded.

106. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person who by an order of a court is disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence may apply to the court by which the order was made to remove the disqualification, and on any such application the court may, as it thinks proper, having regard to the character of the person disqualified and his conduct subsequent to the order, the nature of the offence, and any other circumstances of the case, either by order remove the disqualification as from such date as may be specified in the order or refuse the application.

(2) No application shall be made under the foregoing subsection for the removal of a disqualification before the expiration of whichever is relevant of the following periods from the date of the order by which the disqualification was imposed, that is to say—

(a) six months, if the disqualification is for less than a year,

(b) one half of the period of the disqualification, if it is

for less than six years but not less than a year.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

129

(c) three years in any other case; Part n

and in determining the expiration of the period after which under this subsection a person may apply for the removal of a disqualification, any time after the conviction during which the disqualification was suspended or he was not disqualified shall be disregarded.

(3) Where an application under subsection (1) of this section is refused, a further application thereunder shall not be entertained if made within three months after the date of the refusal.

(4) If under this section a court orders a disqualification to be removed, the court shall cause particulars of the order to be endorsed on the licence, if any, previously held by the applicant and the court shall in any case have power to order the applicant to pay the whole or any part of the costs of the application.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply where the disqualification was imposed by order under subsection (3) of section one hundred and four of this Act.

107. A person who under section ninety-seven of this Act is Disqualifica-prohibited by reason of his age from driving a motor vehicle or a motor vehicle of any class or description is disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence other than a licence authorising him to drive such motor vehicles, if any, as he is not by the said section ninety-seven forbidden to drive.

108. A person is disqualified for obtaining a licence authoris- Disqualifica-ing him to drive a motor vehicle of any class or description so ^on.f° P1*™1 long as he is the holder of another licence authorising him to °n °

drive a motor vehicle of that class or description, whether the licence is suspended or not.

109.—(1) Where the holder of a licence is disqualified by an Effect of order of a court for holding or obtaining a licence, the licence disqualifica-shall be suspended so long as the disqualification continues intion* force, and during the time of suspension shall be of no effect

(2) A licence obtained by any person disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence shall be of no effect

(3) Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Act a person disqualified by order of a court under subsection (3) of section one hundred and four of this Act shall (unless he is

E

130

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

Offence of applying for o] obtaining licence, or driving, while disqualified.

Endorsement of licences.

disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence otherwise than by virtue of such an order) be entitled to obtain and to bold a provisional licence to be granted (where the person disqualified is the holder of a licence, by the licensing authority by which that licence was granted) under section one hundred and two of this Act, and to drive a motor vehicle in accordance with the conditions subject to which the provisional licence is granted.

110. If a person disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence—

(a) applies for or obtains a licence while he is so disquali-

fied, or

(b) while he is so disqualified drives on a road a motor

vehicle, or if the disqualification is limited to the driving of a motor vehicle of a particular class or description, a motor vehicle of that class or description, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or, if the court thinks that having regard to the special circumstances of the case a fine would be an adequate punishment for the offence, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

111. —(1) The court before which a person is convicted of an offence specified in the first column of the Eleventh Schedule to this Act may order that particulars of the conviction shall be endorsed on any licence held by him; and particulars of a conviction so endorsed may be produced as prima facie evidence of the conviction.

(2) Where the court orders a person to be disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence, the court shall exercise the power conferred by the foregoing subsection, and the particulars to be endorsed on the licence shall include particulars of the disqualification.

(3) Where the conviction is one specified in the fourth column of the Eleventh Schedule to this Act as involving obligatory endorsement, then without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection the court shall exercise the power conferred by subsection

(1) of this section unless under the provisions of that column it is permissible for the court to order otherwise and it so orders in accordance with those provisions.

(4) An order that the particulars of a conviction or of a disqualification to which the convicted person has become subject are to be endorsed on any licence held by him shall, whether he is at the time the holder of a licence or not, operate as an order that any licence he may then hold or may subsequently obtain shall be so endorsed until he becomes entitled under the following provisions of this section to have a licence issued to him free from endorsement.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

131

(5) Subject to the next following subsection, where an order is Part II made requiring any licence held by an offender to be endorsed,

then—

(a) if he is at the time the holder of a licence he shall, if so

required by the court, produce the licence within five days or such longer time as the court may determine for the purpose of endorsement; and

(b) if he is not then the holder of a licence, but subsequently

obtains a licence, he shall within five days after so obtaining the licence produce it to the court for the purpose of endorsement, and a person who fails to comply with this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months; and a licence required to be produced by or under this subsection which is not produced within the time specified in that behalf shall be suspended from the expiration of that time until it is produced for the purpose of endorsement and during the time of suspension shall be of no effect.

(6) Paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection shall not apply where the offender is prosecuted for an offence specified in paragraph 4, 5, 6 or 22 of the Eleventh Schedule to this Act, but if in any such case, at the time of the alleged offence, he is the holder of a licence, he shall either—

(a) cause it to be delivered to the clerk of the court not

later than the day before the date appointed for the hearing, or

(b) send it by registered letter duly addressed to the clerk

and posted at such a time that in the ordinary course of post it would be delivered not later than that day, or

(c) have it with him at the hearing,

and, if he is convicted of the offence, the court may require the licence to be produced to it; and if default is made in the production of a licence pursuant to a requirement under the foregoing provisions of this subsection, the holder shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, and the licence shall be suspended from the time of the requirement until it is produced to the court and during the time of suspension shall be of no effect.

(7) On the issue of a new licence to a person, the particulars endorsed on any previous licence held by him shall be copied on to the new licence unless he has previously become entitled under the following provisions of this section to have a licence ittued to him free from endorsement.

E2

132

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part II (8) If a person whose licence has been ordered to be endorsed and who has not previously become entitled under the following provisions of this section to have a licence issued to him free from endorsement applies for or obtains a licence without giving particulars of the order, he shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding six months;

(b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty

pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months;

and any licence so obtained shall be of no effect.

(9) Where an order has been made in respect of a person under this Part of this Act requiring the endorsement of any licence held by him he shall be entitled, either on applying for the grant of a licence or, subject to a payment of a fee of five shillings and subject to surrender of any subsisting licence, on application at any time, to have issued to him a new licence free from endorsements—

(a) if he has, during a continuous period of three years or

upwards since the order was made, had no such order made against him, or no such order other than an order made more than one year before the date of his application and by reason only of a conviction for the offence of driving a motor vehicle at a speed exceeding a speed limit; or

(b) where the order was made by reason only of such a con-

viction as aforesaid and immediately before the order was made he was the holder of, or was entitled to have issued to him, a licence free from any endorsement or free from any endorsement except of particulars in relation to such a conviction as aforesaid, if he has during a continuous period of one year or upwards since the order was made had no order requiring endorsement made against him:

Provided that in reckoning the said continuous periods of three years and one year respectively, any period during which the applicant was by virtue of the order disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence shall be excluded.

Supplementary \\2,—(1) Where a court orders particulars to be endorsed on a

provisions as ij^nce held by a person, or where by an order of a court a ficatiom^and person is disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence, the endorsements, court shall send notice of the order to the licensing authority by which the licence was granted and to the licensing authority in whose area that person resides, and, in a case where a person is so disqualified, shall also on the production of the licence for the purpose of endorsement retain the licence and forward

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

133

it to the authority by which it was granted, and that authority Part II shall keep the licence until the disqualification has expired or been removed and the person entitled to the licence has made a demand in writing for its return to him.

(2) Where on an appeal against any such order the appeal is allowed, the court by which the appeal is allowed shall send notice thereof to the licensing authority in whose area the person affected by the order resides and to the authority who issued the licence.

(3) Where a person is disqualified by order of a court under subsection (3) of section one hundred and four of this Act, then on the return to him of any licence held by him, or on the issue to him of a licence, there shall be added to the endorsed particulars of the disqualification a statement that the person disqualified has, since the order was made, passed the prescribed test.

Supplementary

113. The Minister may make regulations for any purpose for Regulations which regulations may be made under this Part of this Act and Jrt£uri??SC8 for prescribing anything which may be prescribed under this of part 11 * Part of this Act, and otherwise for the purpose of carrying this Part of this Act into effect, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, may make regulations with respect to— ia) licences,

(b) the record to be kept of licences,

(c) the communication by licensing authorities to one

another of particulars of licences, id) the making of any particulars with respect to any persons who are disqualified for holding or obtaining licences or whose licences are suspended or endorsed available for use by the police,

(e) the preventing of a person holding more than one licence,

(/) the facilitating of identification of holders of licences, and

(g) the providing for the issue of a new licence in the place of a licence lost or defaced on payment of such fee, not exceeding two shillings and sixpence, as may be prescribed;

and (except in the case of regulations made for the purposes of section ninety-seven of this Act) different regulations may be made as respects different classes or descriptions of vehicles or as respects the same class or description of vehicles in different circumstances.

134

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

Destination of fees for licences, &c., under Part II.

Interpretation of Part II.

Provisions as to Northern Ireland drivers’ licences.

114. —(1) All fees received by a licensing authority for licences under this Part of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer in the same manner as duties levied under the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, and in accordance with such directions as may be contained with respect to those duties in any Order in Council for the time being in force under that Act.

(2) Fees in respect of tests of competence to drive payable by virtue of regulations having effect by virtue of subsection (2) of section ninety-nine of this Act shall be paid to such person as may be prescribed by the regulations, and any such fees received by a person so prescribed (other than any as to which the regulations provide that they are to be paid to the person conducting the test and retained by him as remuneration) shall be paid into the Exchequer.

115. In this Part of this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say,—

" licence " means a licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under this Part of this Act;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations;

"provisional licence" means a licence granted by virtue of section one hundred and two of this Act; "regulations" means regulations made under section one hundred and thirteen of this Act;

" test of competence to drive " means such a test conducted under section ninety-nine of this Act;

" test of fitness to drive " means a test as to a person’s fitness or ability to drive, being a test conducted under section one hundred of this Act

116. —(1) If the Minister certifies that satisfactory provision is made by the law of Northern Ireland for the granting of licences to drive motor vehicles, it shall be lawful for the holder of such a licence to drive and be employed in driving in Great Britain a motor vehicle of any class or description which he is authorised by that licence to drive, and which he is not disqualified from driving under this Part of this Act, notwithstanding that he is not the holder of a licence under this Part of this Act:

Provided that any such driver shall be under the like obligation to produce such a licence as if it had been a licence granted under this Part of this Act, and the provisions of this Act as to the production of licences granted thereunder shall apply accordingly.

(2) The holder of any such licence who by an order of the court is disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence under this Part of this Act shall produce the licence so held by him

1960 Road Traffic Act, 1960 Ch. 16

to the court within such time as the court may determine, and the court shall, on production of the licence, forward it to the Minister.

If the holder fails to produce the licence within such time as aforesaid, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(3) If the holder of any such licence is convicted of an offence, and had he been the holder of a licence under this Part of this Act the court would have ordered particulars of the conviction to be endorsed thereon, the court instead of making such an order shall send to the Minister particulars of the conviction.

Part HI Public Service Vehicles Classification of Public Service Vehicles

117*—(1) For the purposes of this Act a public service vehicle Meaning of is a motor vehicle used for carrying passengers for hire reward which either— vehicle*,

(a) is carrying passengers at separate fares, or "stage

(b) is not carrying passengers at separate fares but is adapted *

to carry eight or more passengers. camago"

In this subsection " motor vehicle " does not include a tramcar 8,1(1contract or a trolley vehicle. carnage .

(2) For the purposes of this Act a stage carriage is a public service vehicle carrying passengers at separate fares, not being an express carriage.

(3) For the purposes of this Act an express carriage is a public service vehicle carrying passengers at separate fares none of which is less than one shilling or such greater sum as may be prescribed; and for the purposes of this subsection—

Uz) a composite fare for more than one journey shall not be regarded as representing the aggregate of fares of any less amount, and

(b) no account shall be taken of any fare which is charged in the case of passengers of particular descriptions if a fare of not less than one shilling, or such greater sum as may for the time being be prescribed by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this subsection, is charged for the like service in the case of all passengers not falling within any of those descriptions.

(4) For the purposes of this Act a contract carriage is a public service vehicle not carrying passengers at separate fores.

(5) This section has effect subject to the next following section.

135 Part 11

136

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part m 118-—(1) A vehicle carrying passengers at separate lares in cir-

Circumstances cumstances in which the conditions set out in Part I, II, in

affecting or IV of the Twelfth Schedule to this Act are fulfilled shall

daasification be treated as not being a public service vehicle unless it is

i!u vivi& ° adapted to carry eight or more passengers, vehicle*. (2) A public service vehicle carrying passengers at separate

fores shall be treated as a contract carriage, and not as a stage carriage or an express carriage, when used in circumstances in which the conditions set out in either Part III or Part IV of the Twelfth Schedule to this Act are fulfilled.

(3) For the purposes of this and the last foregoing section and of the Twelfth Schedule to this Act—

(a) a vehicle is to be treated as carrying passengers for hire

or reward if payment is made for, or for matters which include, the carrying of passengers, irrespective of the person to whom the payment is made and, in the case of a transaction effected by or on behalf of a member of any association of persons (whether incorporated or not) on the one hand and the association or another member thereof on the other hand, notwithstanding any rule of law as to such transactions;

(b) a payment made for the carrying of a passenger shall

be treated as a fare notwithstanding that it is made in consideration of other matters in addition to the journey and irrespective of the person by or to whom it is made;

(c) a payment shall be treated as made for the carrying of a

passenger if made in consideration of a person's being given a right to be carried, whether for one or more journeys and whether or not the right is exercised;

() in a case where one or more passengers are being

carried for hire or reward otherwise than in the course of a business of carrying passengers, the vehicle shall be treated as carrying passengers at separate fares.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing subsection a motor vehicle used for providing transport in pursuance of arrangements made under subsection (1) of section fifty-five of the Education Act, 1944—

(a) if belonging to a local education authority, shall not

for the purposes of this Part of this Act be treated as carrying passengers for hire or reward;

(b) if not belonging to a local education authority, shall not

for those purposes be treated as carrying passengers at separate fares;

by reason only of the carriage therein of a person who is charged a fore by virtue of subsection (1) of section twelve of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953.

I960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

137

(5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a motor vehicle Part III used in pursuance of subsection (1) of section one of the National

Health Service (Amendment) Act, 1957, for the purpose therein mentioned shall not be treated as carrying passengers for hire or reward.

(6) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a vehicle when being used, at any time during the period of six months beginning with the first day of June in any year, for the purpose of carrying persons engaged in agricultural work to or from that work, shall be deemed not to be a public service vehicle, notwithstanding that those persons are carried for hire or reward.

Traffic Areas and Traffic Commissioners

119,—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act Great Traffic areas. Britain shall be divided into the Metropolitan, Northern, Yorkshire, North-Western, West Midland, East Midland, Eastern,

South Wales, Western, South-Eastern and Scottish Traffic Areas.

(2) The Minister may from time to time by order vary the provisions of this Part of this Act constituting traffic areas, either by altering the limits of an existing traffic area or by increasing or reducing the number of traffic areas or otherwise as he may think fit.

(3) An order under this section for varying the number or limits of traffic areas may contain such consequential and incidental provisions, including provisions—

(a) as to the effect of licences previously issued or backed,

and consents previously given, by the traffic commissioners for any traffic area abolished or otherwise affected;

(b) as to the effect of applications for licences or consents

previously made to any such traffic commissioners, as to the traffic commissioners to whom applications relating to any such area may be made between the date of the order and the date as from which the abolition of, or other change in, the area is to have effect, and as to the traffic commissioners by whom and the places at which any such application as aforesaid may be heard, either before or after the last-mentioned date;

(c) as to the continuance of appeals pending against

decisions of the traffic commissioners for any traffic area abolished or otherwise affected; and

E*

138

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 E 2

Part III

Traffic

commissioners.

Appointment and terms of service of traffic

commissioners outside Metropolitan Traffic Area.

() as to the recovery of any sums due, at the date as from which a traffic area is abolished, to the traffic commissioners for that area, as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the variations of areas to be effected by the order.

(4) An order under this section may be revoked or altered by a subsequent order of the Minister.

(5) The power to make orders conferred by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be laid before Parliament after being made, and an order under this section shall not have effect unless and until it has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

120. —(1) For each traffic area constituted for the purposes of this Part of this Act, other than the Metropolitan Traffic Area, there shall be a body of three commissioners, to be known as traffic commissioners for the area, who shall have the power and be charged with the duty of issuing licences under this Part of this Act and shall exercise such other powers and perform such other duties as are conferred or imposed on them by or in pursuance of this Part of this Act, and subject as aforesaid shall act under the general directions of the Minister.

(2) For the Metropolitan Traffic Area there shall be a single commissioner, to be known as the traffic commissioner for the area, who shall have such powers and duties (except as regards licences to drive, or act as conductor of, public service vehicles), and act under such general directions, as aforesaid.

(3) Before the Minister gives any general directions to the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area or gives to the traffic commissioners for any other traffic area any directions relating specifically to the London Traffic Area, the question of issuing the directions shall be referred to the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee.

(4) Except where the context otherwise requires, in this Act " the traffic commissioners " means the traffic commissioners for any traffic area constituted for the purposes of this Part of this Act, and references in this Act or in any other enactment to the traffic commissioners for such a traffic area include, except where the context otherwise requires, references to the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area.

121. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect as respects the appointment and terms of service of the traffic commissioners for each traffic area other than the Metropolitan Traffic Area.

(2) The commissioners shall be appointed by the Minister.

(3) Where the Minister proposes to appoint a person to be one of the commissioners he shall, before making the appointment, require the person whom he proposes to appoint to declare

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

139

if be has any, and if so what, financial interest in any transport Part in undertaking which carries passengers.

(4) Of the three commissioners—

(a) one shall be such person as the Minister thinks fit to

appoint to be chairman of the commissioners,

(b) one shall be appointed by the Minister from a panel of

persons nominated by the councils of the counties whose area, or any part of whose area, is situated in the traffic area, and

(c) the third shall be appointed by the Minister from a

panel of persons nominated by the councils of the boroughs and urban districts whose area, or any part of whose area, is situated in the traffic area.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland for the reference to boroughs there shall be substituted references to large burghs as defined in the Local Government (Scotland) Act,

1929.

(5) For the purpose of constituting the panels mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, each of the councils concerned shall nominate one person annually as a member of the panel, and a person so nominated shall continue to be a member of the panel for one year from the date of his nomination but shall be eligible for re-nomination from time to time, and provision may be made by regulations as to the dates on which nominations to panels are to be made and as to the filling of casual vacancies.

(6) The chairman of the commissioners shall hold office during Her Majesty’s pleasure, and shall be required to devote the whole of his time to the duties of his office.

(7) The chairman of the commissioners shall vacate his office on attaining the age of seventy years.

(8) A commissioner, other than the chairman, shall hold office for such term not exceeding three years as the Minister may determine at the time of his appointment and shall, if at the date on which his term of office expires his name is still included in the panel from which he was appointed, be eligible for reappointment.

(9) The Minister may remove a commissioner from his office for inability or misbehaviour.

(10) If a commissioner acquires a financial interest in a transport undertaking which carries passengers he shall, within four weeks after so doing, give notice thereof in writing to the Minister specifying the interest so acquired and the Minister, after taking the matter into consideration, may if he thinks fit declare that the commissioner has vacated his office.

E* 2

140

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part in

Appointment and terms of service of metropolitan traffic

commissioner.

Appointment and terms of service of deputies to chairmen and other traffic

commissioners.

122.—(1) The traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area shall be appointed by the Minister and shall hold office during Her Majesty’s pleasure.

(2) Where the Minister proposes to appoint a person to be the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area he shall, before making the appointment, require the person whom he proposes to appoint to declare if he has any, and if so what, financial interest in any transport undertaking which carries passengers.

(3) The traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area shall vacate his office on attaining the age of seventy years.

(4) The Minister may remove the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area from his office for inability or misbehaviour.

(5) If the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area acquires a financial interest in a transport undertaking which carries passengers he shall, within four weeks after so doing, give notice thereof in writing to the Minister specifying the interest so acquired and the Minister, after taking the matter into consideration, may if he thinks fit declare that the commissioner has vacated his office.

123.—(1) In the case of illness, incapacity or absence of a traffic commissioner, the Minister may appoint some other person to act as his deputy, so however that the person appointed to act as deputy for a traffic commissioner appointed from a panel shall be a person whose name is included in that panel.

(2) If the Minister considers that, owing to the number of applications under this Part of this Act and Part IV thereof, the duties to be performed by the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area, the chairman of the traffic commissioners for any other traffic area, or any deputy appointed under the foregoing subsection to the said commissioner or any such chairman, cannot conveniently or efficiently be performed by one person, the Minister may appoint a person to act as deputy or, as the case may be, as additional deputy to the said commissioner or chairman.

(3) A person appointed under the last foregoing subsection shall be appointed upon such terms and conditions, including conditions as to the time which he is to devote to the duties of his office, as the Minister may determine, and shall act for the traffic commissioner or chairman of traffic commissioners whose deputy he is in such matters, whether arising under this Part of

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Cil 16

141

this Act or Part IV thereof, as the traffic commissioner or Part in chairman, or any deputy appointed by reason of the traffic commissioner’s or chairman’s illness, incapacity or absence, may from time to time direct or as the Minister may from time to time by general directions require, and for that purpose shall exercise and perform all the powers and duties of the traffic commissioner or chairman.

124. Subject to the approval of the Treasury, the Minister may Traffic appoint such persons to act as officers and servants of the traffic commissioners* commissioners for any traffic area as he considers requisite for staff-the purpose of enabling them to discharge their duties under this Part of this Act

125.—(1) There shall be paid to the traffic commissioner for Remuneration the Metropolitan Traffic Area, to the chairman of the traffic of traffic commissioners for any other traffic area, and to the persons commissioners, acting as officers or servants of the traffic commissioners for any and

traffic area, such salaries or remuneration as may be determined by the Minister with the consent of the Treasury.

(2) There shall be paid to any member, other than the chairman, of any body of traffic commissioners, and to any person appointed to act as deputy to the chairman or any other member of any body of traffic commissioners or to the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area, such remuneration and such allowances, if any, as may be determined as aforesaid.

126. The Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950, shall apply to Pensions of

persons holding the office of chairman of the traffic commis- chairmen of

sioners for each of the traffic areas (other than the Metropolitan traffic.

a___\ ____t :*__commissioners

Traffic Area) or of traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan m|u-o-

127.—(1) No person shall cause or permit a motor vehicle to Public service be used on a road as a stage carriage, an express carriage vehicle or a contract carriage unless he is the holder of a licence (in this Ik*110®8-Part of this Act referred to as a " public service vehicle licence ") so to use the vehicle in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act

(2) A licence to use a vehicle as a stage carriage shall authorise the holder to use the vehicle as an express carriage or as a contract carriage.

Traffic Area.

politan traffic commissioner.

Licensing of Public Service Vehicles

142

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part in

Certifying officers and public service vehicle examiners.

(3) A licence to use a vehicle as an express carriage shall authorise the holder to use the vehicle as a contract carriage.

(4) In the case of a service of stage carriages, a licence to use a vehicle as an express carriage shall authorise the use of the vehicle on the service if the traffic commissioners for each of the traffic areas in which the vehicle is to be so used think that it may in any special circumstances, including the character of the service, properly be so used and consent in writing thereto.

(5) If a person causes or permits a vehicle to be used in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(6) The authority having power to grant a public service vehicle licence shall be the traffic commissioners for the traffic area within or from which the vehicle is, at the time of application for the licence, intended to be ordinarily operated.

(7) A public service vehicle licence may be refused or, if it has already been granted, may at any time be suspended or revoked by the traffic commissioners by whom it was granted if, having regard to the conduct of the applicant for or holder of the licence or to the manner in which the vehicle is being used, it appears to them that he is not a fit person to hold such a licence; and a licence suspended under this subsection shall during the time of suspension be of no effect.

(8) A public service vehicle licence granted by the traffic commissioners for one traffic area shall be valid in every other traffic area.

(9) A public service vehicle licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force for one year from the date on which it is expressed to take effect.

128.—(1) For the purpose of the provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to the certification of fitness of vehicles, the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, appoint such officers (in this Part of this Act referred to as " certifying officers ") as he thinks fit, and those officers shall perform such duties in relation to the examination of vehicles, the issue of certificates of fitness and otherwise, as the Minister may require.

(2) The Minister shall appoint as public service vehicle examiners such persons as he considers necessary for the purpose of the inspection of public service vehicles within the several traffic areas and for the purpose of the discharge of such other duties as the Minister considers can conveniently be discharged by persons acting as such examiners, and for that purpose may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, make arrangements with any police authority for the appointment of members of their police force for this purpose.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

143

In the application of this subsection to England and Wales Part m "police authority" has the same meaning as in the Police Pensions Act, 1921, and in the application of this subsection to Scotland that expression has the same meaning as in the Police (Scotland) Act, 1956.

(3) A certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner shall at any time on production, if so required, of his authority, be entitled to enter and inspect any public service vehicle, and for that purpose may require any public service vehicle to be stopped, and may at any time which is reasonable having regard to the circumstances of the case, enter any premises on which he has reason to believe that a public service vehicle is kept, and if a person obstructs any such officer or examiner in the performance of his duty, or when required so to do fails to stop the vehicle, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(4) There shall be paid to or in respect of certifying officers and public service vehicle examiners such remuneration and such salaries or allowances, if any, as the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

129.—(1) A licence to use a vehicle adapted to carry eight or Certificates more passengers as a stage carriage, express carriage or contract of fitneu^and carriage shall not be granted unless a certificate (hereinaftercffect tbcreof* referred to as a " certificate of fitness ") has been issued by a certifying officer that the prescribed conditions as to fitness are fulfilled in respect of the vehicle and such a certificate is in force in respect of the vehicle.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection may be extended by regulations to stage carriages and express carriages adapted to carry seven passengers or any smaller number of passengers specified in the regulations.

(3) A public service vehicle licence of any class shall not be refused on the ground that the construction or fixed equipment of the vehicle is not suitable if a certificate of fitness as a vehicle of that class has been issued and is in force in respect of the vehicle:

Provided that if the traffic commissioners are satisfied that the structure of the vehicle or the fixed equipment thereof has become defective or has been so altered as no longer to comply with the prescribed conditions as to fitness, they may refuse to grant a public service vehicle licence until a new certificate of fitness has been obtained.

(4) A certificate of fitness shall, unless previously revoked or cancelled, continue in force for seven years, or, if the certifying officer thinks fit, for such shorter period, not being less than one year, as may be specified in the certificate.

144

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

Approval of type vehicles, and effect thereof.

Certificates of fitness for experimental vehicles.

() The Minister may at any time revoke a certificate of fitness, and if on the inspection of a public service vehicle it appears to the certifying officer that the vehicle does not comply with the prescribed conditions as to fitness, the officer may revoke the certificate of fitness; and where by reason of the revocation of a certificate of fitness or otherwise a vehicle ceases to be a vehicle in respect of which a certificate of fitness is in force, any licence granted in respect of that vehicle shall cease to have effect unless or until a new certificate of fitness is obtained.

130. —(1) Where the Minister is satisfied in respect of one vehicle of a particular type that the prescribed conditions as to fitness are fulfilled in respect of the vehicle, he may, on payment of the prescribed fee, approve the vehicle as a type vehicle.

(2) Where a type vehicle has been approved under this section and a declaration in the prescribed form has been made by a person authorised by the Minister in that behalf that any other vehicle conforms in design, construction and equipment with the type vehicle, the certifying officer may, after examining that other vehicle, issue a certificate in the prescribed form that the vehicle conforms to the type vehicle, and such a certificate shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act be deemed to be a certificate of fitness and shall have effect accordingly.

(3) The Minister may at any time withdraw his approval of a type vehicle, and thereupon any certificate that any other vehicle conforms to the type vehicle shall cease to have effect as a certificate of fitness.

131. —(1) Where it appears to the Minister expedient so to do for the purpose of the making of tests or trials of a vehicle or its equipment, he may by order made as respects that vehicle for the purposes of section one hundred and twenty-nine of this Act dispense with any of the prescribed conditions as to fitness specified in the order; and so long as such an order is in force—

(a) that section shall have effect, in relation to the vehicle

to which the order relates as if, for the references in subsection (1), in the proviso to subsection (3), and in subsection (5) to the prescribed conditions as to fitness, there were substituted references to such of those conditions as are not dispensed with by the order;

(b) so much of subsection (4) of that section as fixes a

minimum of one year for the duration of a certificate of fitness shall not have effect.

(2) An order under this section shall specify the period for which it is to continue in force, and may contain, or authorise

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

145

the imposition of, requirements, restrictions or prohibitions Part ui relating to the construction, equipment or use of the vehicle to which the order relates.

(3) An order under this section may be varied or revoked by the Minister.

(4) Where an order under this section is revoked or otherwise ceases to have effect, any certificate of fitness issued by virtue of the order shall cease to be in force.

(5) Where a certificate of fitness is issued by virtue of an order under this section and relates to a vehicle as respects which a previous certificate of fitness is in force, the previous certificate shall thereupon cease to be in force.

132. —(1) It shall be the duty of the holder of a public service Notice to be vehicle licence on the happening to the vehicle in respect of 8*ven *° 5™®° which the licence was granted of any failure or damage of a of

nature calculated to affect the safety of the passengers or of damage to, or persons using the road, as soon as may be to report the matter alteration of to the traffic commissioners for the traffic area in which the vehicles, failure or damage happened.

(2) It shall be the duty of the holder of a public service vehicle licence on any alteration otherwise than by way of replacement of parts being made in the structure or fixed equipment of the vehicle forthwith to give notice of the alteration to the traffic commissioners for the traffic area in which the licence was issued.

(3) If a person fails to comply with the provisions of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

133, —(1) If on the inspection of a public service vehicle it Suspension

appears to a certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner vehicle that the vehicle, owing to any defects therein, is or is likely to or

become unfit for service until the defects have been remedied, he

may suspend the public service vehicle licence in respect of the vehicle:

Provided that, where in the opinion of the officer or examiner the defects are such as can be remedied within forty-eight hours, and are not defects which involve danger to the public, the suspension shall not operate before the expiration of forty-eight hours, nor shall it operate after the expiration of that time if the licensee before the expiration of that time furnishes evidence to the satisfaction of the officer or examiner that the defects have been, or are in the course of being, remedied.

146

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part m (2) Where a certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner suspends a licence under this section, he shall forthwith give notice of the suspension to the traffic commissioners who granted the licence, and to the licensee, and a suspension under this section which becomes operative shall continue in force until it is removed or ceases in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained.

(3) Where a licence has been suspended under this section, the suspension may be removed by any certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner and where any such officer or examiner removes a suspension of a licence, he shall forthwith give notice of the removal to the traffic commissioners who granted the licence.

(4) Where a public service vehicle examiner for a traffic area refuses to remove the suspension of a public service vehicle licence, the holder of the licence may make an application to the traffic commissioners for that area to have the vehicle inspected by the certifying officer for that area, and where any such application is made, a certifying officer, on the matter being referred to him, shall, if he considers that the prescribed conditions as to fitness, or such of those conditions as are not dispensed with by an order under section one hundred and thirty-one of this Act, are fulfilled in respect of the vehicle, remove the suspension.

(5) A licence suspended under this section shall during the time of suspension be of no effect.

Road Service Licences

Road service 134.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following

licences. section, any person applying therefor may be granted a licence (in this Act referred to as a " road service licence ") to provide such a road service as may be specified therein, and a vehicle shall not be used as a stage carriage or an express carriage except under such a licence.

(2) For the purposes of this section a vehicle used as a stage carriage or an express carriage shall not be deemed to be so used under a road service licence unless it is so used by the holder of the licence and, except in so far as compliance with the provisions of the licence may have been dispensed with by the traffic commissioners for the traffic area in which the vehicle is being used, in accordance with the provisions thereof.

(3) If a person uses a vehicle or causes or permits it to be used in contravention of this section, or being the holder of a road service licence wilfully or negligently fails to comply with any of the conditions attached to the licence (other than conditions as respects which he proves that compliance therewith had been dispensed with by the traffic commissioners for the

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

147

traffic area in which the offence is alleged to have been committed) he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(4) A road service licence in respect of any route shall be required notwithstanding that the provision of a service of stage carriages or express carriages is authorised under Part V of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, or by a special Act or an order having the force of an Act.

135.—(1) The authority having power to grant a road service licence is the traffic commissioners for any traffic area within which the proposed route or any part thereof is situated, but such a licence shall not authorise the use of a vehicle as a stage carriage or express carriage except in the traffic area of the commissioners granting the licence or in any other area for which the licence is backed as hereinafter provided.

(2) Traffic commissioners shall not grant a road service licence in respect of a route if it appears to them from the particulars furnished on the application for the licence that section twenty-four of this Act is likely to be contravened, and in exercising their discretion to grant or refuse a road service licence in respect of any routes and their discretion to attach conditions to any such licence shall have regard to the following matters:—

(a) the suitability of the routes on which a service may be

provided under the licence;

(b) the extent, if any, to which the needs of the proposed routes or any of them are already adequately served;

(c) the extent to which the proposed service is necessary or

desirable in the public interest; id)the needs of the area as a whole in relation to traffic (including the provision of adequate, suitable and efficient services, the elimination of unnecessary services and the provision of unremunerative services) and the coordination of all forms of passenger transport, including transport by rail; and shall take into consideration any representations which may be made by persons who are already providing transport facilities along or near to the routes or any part thereof or (except as respects so much of any route as is situated in the Metropolitan Traffic Area) by the council of any county, county borough or county district in England or Wales, and any county or town council in Scotland, in whose area any of the routes or any part of any of the routes is situated.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the matters to which traffic commissioners are to have regard in

Part m

Grant and variation of road service licences.

148

Ch. 16

Road Traffic 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part ID exercising their discretion to grant or refuse applications for road service licences do not include the duty imposed upon the British Transport Commission by paragraph (c) of subsection

(1) of section three of the Transport Act, 1947 (which requires the Commission to provide, in such places and to such extent as may appear to them to be expedient, certain transport services).

(4) Subject to any regulations, traffic commissioners may attach to a road service licence such conditions as they may think fit with respect to the matters to which they are required to have regard under subsection (2) of this section and in particular for securing that—

(a) the fares shall not be unreasonable;

(b) where desirable in the public interest the fares shall be

so fixed as to prevent wasteful competition with alternative forms of transport, if any, along the route or any part thereof or in proximity thereto;

(c) copies of the time-table and fare-table shall be carried

and shall be available for inspection in vehicles used on the service;

(d) passengers shall not be taken up or shall not be set down except at specified points or shall not be taken up or shall not be set down between specified points; and generally for securing the safety and convenience of the public.

(5) The traffic commissioners may from time to time vary in such manner as they think fit the conditions attached to a road service licence granted by them; and where the holder of such a licence makes application to the commissioners to exercise their powers under this subsection it shall be their duty to consider whether they shall exercise those powers.

(6) If, where an application has been made for a road service licence, it is represented to the traffic commissioners by a person interested in or affected by the application that it is necessary or desirable in the public interest that the commissioners should fix the minimum or maximum fares for any service which the applicant proposes to provide under the licence, the traffic commissioners may fix such fares and make it a condition of the licence that fares shall not be charged under or in excess of the minimum or maximum.

(7) The traffic commissioners, on granting a road service licence, shall send notice thereof, including particulars of the services to be provided thereunder, to the chief officer of police of every police district in which any such service is to be provided and (except where the granting authority is the commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area) to the council of every county.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

149

county borough and county district in England or Wales, and every county and town council in Scotland, in whose area any such service is to be provided.

(8) Before determining the conditions with respect to routes, stopping places or terminal points within the metropolitan police district or the City of London to be attached to a road service licence granted by him, the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area shall consult with, as the case may be, the commissioner of police of the metropolis or the commissioner of police for the City of London, and if the commissioner of police consulted is dissatisfied with any condition attached to a road service licence with respect to a route, stopping place or terminal point within his police district he may appeal to the Minister, who shall make such order in the matter as he thinks fit, and an order so made by the Minister shall have effect as if it were an order made by the said traffic commissioner.

136*—(1) A road service licence may be revoked or suspended by the traffic commissioners who granted the licence on the ground that any condition subject to which the licence was granted has not been complied with:

Provided that the commissioners shall not revoke or suspend a road service licence unless, owing to the frequency of the breach of conditions on the part of the licensee, or to the breach having been committed wilfully, or to the danger to the public involved in the breach, the commissioners are satisfied that the licence should be revoked or suspended.

(2) On revoking or suspending a road service licence the traffic commissioners shall send notice thereof to the chief officer of police of every police district in which the service to which the licence relates was provided and (except where the revoking or suspending authority is the commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area) to every local authority in England or Wales, and every county and town council in Scotland, in whose area that service was provided.

0) A road service licence suspended under this section shall during the time of suspension be of no effect.

137.—(1) A road service licence granted by the traffic commissioners for one traffic area may be backed in the prescribed manner by the traffic commissioners for another traffic area, and if so backed shall in that other area have effect as if it were a road service licence granted by them.

(2) On backing a road service licence the traffic commissioners may as respects their traffic area impose any condition which they might have imposed on granting the licence, or vary any condition attached to the licence by the commissioners by whom it was granted, and all the provisions of this Part of this Act as to

Part in

Revocation and suspension of road service licences.

Backing of road service licences.

150

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part m

Provisions as to corridor areas.

Duration of road service licences.

applications for road service licences, and the granting, refusal, suspension or revocation of such licences and matters connected therewith shall apply to the backing of road service licences, subject to the modification that references in the said provisions to the traffic commissioners by whom the licence was granted shall be construed as references to the traffic commissioners by whom the licence was backed.

138. —(1) Where from the particulars submitted on an application for a road service licence made to the traffic commissioners for any traffic area it appears that the applicant proposes to provide a service on a route running through another traffic area (in this section referred to as a " corridor area ") in which the following conditions will be observed, that is to say—

(a) that passengers will not be taken up or set down therein,

(b) that passengers will not be permitted to alight therein

for the purpose of sight-seeing, or for any other purpose requiring the vehicle to be halted for a period of more than fifteen minutes, the commissioners may grant a licence subject to observance of those conditions, and a licence so granted shall have validity in the corridor area as if it had been backed in the prescribed manner by the traffic commissioners for the corridor area.

(2) The traffic commissioners, before granting a licence having validity under the foregoing subsection, shall consult the commissioners for the corridor area as to the route to be followed in the corridor area in connection with the provision of the service under the licence, and may attach to the licence such conditions as they may think fit with respect to the route to be followed.

139. —(1) Regulations may specify the dates in the year on which road service licences shall expire and, subject to the provisions of this section, a road service licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force up till and including that one of the specified dates which occurs next before the expiration of one year from the date on which the licence is expressed to take effect unless at the time of the granting of the licence the traffic commissioners for special reasons determine that it shall continue in force only up till and including an earlier date (being one of those specified), in which case it shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force only up till and including that date.

(2) If on the date of the expiration of a road service licence proceedings are pending before the traffic commissioners on an application for the grant of a new road service licence in substitution for an existing road service licence held by the applicant or for the backing of any such new licence, the existing road service licence and any backings thereon shall continue in force until the application is disposed of.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

151

(3) Nothing in this section shall prevent the attachment to a Part m road service licence of a condition that the service shall be

limited to one or more particular periods or occasions.

(4) Regulations may direct that, as respects licences to provide a road service of a kind specified in the regulations granted after a date therein specified, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect with the substitution for the words " one year " of the words " three years

140,—(1) Every person applying for a road service licence Particulars shall submit to the traffic commissioners particulars of the type J° * provided or types of vehicle to be used, and— fo^and^*8

(a) in the case of regular services, the time-tables and fare- holders of,

tables of the services which it is proposed to provide road service under the licence; and licences.

(b) in any other case, such particulars as to the frequency of the services and the times to be taken on the journeys included in those services as the commissioners may require.

(2) It shall be the duty of every person who applies for or holds a road service licence to supply to the 'traffic commissioners within the prescribed time particulars in the prescribed form—

(a) of any agreement or arrangement affecting in any material respect the provision, within the area of the commissioners, of passenger transport facilities entered into by him with any other person by whom such facilities are provided, whether within or without the area;

(b) of any financial interest (whether as a partner or shareholder or as a result of a loan, guarantee or other financial transaction) which any other person providing passenger transport facilities or controlling (either wholly or in conjunction with any other person) the business of a person who provides such facilities has in the business of the applicant or holder of the licence and, in the case of the applicant or holder who is a company, of any right which any such person as aforesaid has to nominate any director of the company;

(c) of any such interest or right as aforesaid which the

applicant or holder has in the business of any other person who provides passenger transport facilities within the area of the commissioners; and if a person refuses or fails to supply within the prescribed time any particulars which he is required to supply under this subsection, or knowingly supplies any such particulars which are false in any respect, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and in the case of a continuing offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day during which the offence continues.

152

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part m Special Provisions as to British Transport Commissions road Services in London Passenger Transport Area

Commission to operate on approved routes in London special area.

141.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act relating to road service licences shall not apply to a road service provided by the British Transport Commission or an Executive wholly within the London special area, and, in the case of a road service provided by the Commission or an Executive partly within and partly without the London special area, shall not apply to that service in so far as it is within the London special area; but it shall not be lawful for the Commission or an Executive to use a vehicle as a stage carriage or express carriage on a road within the London special area except on a route approved by the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area (in this section referred to as the "metropolitan commissioner ").

(2) The metropolitan commissioner, in approving a route, may define it by reference to the streets or parts of streets which may be traversed and to the terminal points, if such points are within the London special area, and may attach to his approval conditions for securing that—

(a) no vehicles, except vehicles of such class or description,

or vehicles used for such purposes, as may be specified in the condition, shall be used on that route;

(b) passengers shall not be taken up or shall not be set

down except at or between specified points, or shall not be taken up or shall not be set down between specified points; and

(c) vehicles on reaching the end of the approved route shall

turn at such places, or by using such streets or parts of streets, as may be specified;

and for the purposes of this subsection the Minister after consultation with the commissioner of police of the metropolis may give directions to the metropolitan commissioner requiring him to attach to his approval of any route specified conditions relating to the construction of vehicles to be used on the route either in the case of all routes or in the case of particular routes any part of which lies within the metropolitan police district or the City of London.

(3) The metropolitan commissioner before approving a route, or a part of a route, which lies within the metropolitan police district, or within the City of London, shall consult with the commissioner of police.

(4) If the British Transport Commission or an Executive having applied to the metropolitan commissioner for his approval of a route are aggrieved by the refusal of the commissioner to approve it, or by a condition attached by him to his approval (other than a condition attached by him in pursuance

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

153

of a direction of the Minister given under subsection (2) of this Part in section), or if the commissioner of police is aggrieved by the approval of a route within his district or by a condition attaching to the approval (other than as aforesaid), the applicant or commissioner of police, as the case may be, may appeal to the Minister.

Upon any such appeal the Minister may approve the route, or part of the route, in question either unconditionally or subject to such conditions, whether the same conditions as those imposed by the metropolitan commissioner or not, as he may think fit, or may refuse approval, and the decision of the Minister shall have effect as if it were a decision of the metropolitan commissioner.

(5) The metropolitan commissioner, either on the application of the commissioner of police or of the British Transport Commission or an Executive or without any such application, may at any time alter an approved route or revoke his approval of a route under this section or alter or revoke a condition attached by him to his approval.

(6) If—

(a) the commissioner of police is aggrieved by the failure

of the metropolitan commissioner to revoke an approval of a route under this section; or

(b) the commissioner of police or the British Transport

Commission or an Executive is aggrieved by—

(i) an alteration of a route or revocation by the metropolitan commissioner of his approval of a route or the alteration or revocation of a condition attached by the metropolitan commissioner to his approval (other than a condition attached by him in pursuance of a direction of the Minister given under subsection (2) of this section); or

(ii) the failure of the metropolitan commissioner to alter an approved route or to alter or revoke a condition attached by him to his approval (other than as aforesaid);

the commissioner of police or, as the case may be, the British Transport Commission or Executive may appeal to the Minister, and upon any such appeal the Minister shall be entitled to take any action which the metropolitan commissioner might have taken in the first instance, and the decision of the Minister shall have effect as if it were the decision of the metropolitan commissioner.

154

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part HI

Special provisions as to Commission’s road service licences for certain routes.

Appeals to the Minister in connection with public service vehicle licences, road service licences and certificates of fitness.

(7) If the British Transport Commission or an Executive use a vehicle in contravention of subsection (1) of this section or in using a vehicle as a stage carriage or an express carriage on a route approved under this section act in contravention of, or fail to comply with, a condition attaching to the approval, they shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds:

Provided that neither the said Commission nor an Executive shall be deemed to be acting in contravention of this section by reason only of the fact that on such special occasions and under such conditions as the metropolitan commissioner may approve, either in relation to vehicles generally or a particular class of vehicles specified by him in his approval, they are using a vehicle for the purpose of conveying passengers at separate fares to or from a specified destination.

(8) In this section " the commissioner of police " means, in relation to the metropolitan police district, the commissioner of police of the metropolis, and in relation to the City of London, the commissioner of police for the City of London.

142.—(1) In considering whether to grant or back a road service licence to the British Transport Commission or an Executive in respect of a route or part of a route which is outside the London special area but within the London Passenger Transport Area, the traffic commissioners shall, in addition to the matters specified in subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty-five of this Act, have regard to the duty of the Commission to provide or secure the provision of an adequate and properly co-ordinated system of passenger transport for the London Passenger Transport Area.

(2) In this section " the London Passenger Transport Area " means the area defined in Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the London Passenger Transport Act, 1933.

Appeals in connection with Licences and Certificates for Public Service Vehicles

143.—(1) An applicant for the grant of a public service vehicle licence or road service licence who is aggrieved by the refusal or failure of the traffic commissioners to grant the licence, or by a condition attached by them or by their refusal to attach a condition, or by the attachment of a condition differing from that desired, may appeal to the Minister.

(2) Where the traffic commissioners entertain an application for them to exercise their powers of varying the conditions attached to a road service licence or give the prescribed

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

155

notice of a proposal that they should exercise those powers, but refuse to vary the conditions, the holder of the licence or, if they have made representations in favour of the exercise of the said powers, any of the following persons, that is to say—

(a) the council of any county, county borough or county dis-

trict in England or Wales, or any county or town council in Scotland, in whose area the route to which the licence relates or any part of that route is situated, or

(b) any person providing transport facilities along or near

that route or any part thereof,

may appeal to the Minister.

(3) Where a road service licence is granted—

(a) any local authority in England and Wales, and any

county or town council in Scotland, in whose area the route to which the licence relates or any part of that route is situated, or

(b) any person providing transport facilities along or near

that route or any part thereof,

being an authority, council or person who has made objections or other representations with respect to the grant, may, if aggrieved by the grant of the licence, by a condition attached thereto, by a refusal to attach a condition or by the attachment of a condition differing from that desired, appeal to the Minister; and where any of the conditions attached to a road service licence are varied, any such local authority, council or person as is mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection, being an authority, council or person who has made objections or other representations with respect to the variation may, if aggrieved by any variation of the conditions or by any such variation’s differing from that desired, appeal to the Minister.

(4) The holder of a public service vehicle licence or road service licence who is aggrieved by the revocation or suspension thereof by the traffic commissioners, or by a variation of the conditions attached thereto or by any such variation’s differing from that desired, or the holder of a public service vehicle licence who is aggrieved by the refusal of a certifying officer to remove the suspension thereof, may appeal to the Minister.

(5) An applicant for or holder of a certificate of fitness who is aggrieved by the refusal of a certifying officer to issue such a certificate or by the limitation of its duration imposed by the certifying officer, or by the revocation of a certificate, may appeal to the Minister.

(6) Any right of appeal conferred by this section shall be conditional on the appeal being made within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner.

Part HI

156

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part HI

Drivers* and

conductors*

licences.

(7) On an appeal under this section the Minister shall have power to make such order as he thinks fit for giving effect to his decision on the appeal and any such order shall be binding upon the traffic commissioners or certifying officer.

(8) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act as to the expiration of licences by effluxion of time, where a person who has applied for a new licence in substitution for a licence held by him and in force at the date of his application appeals to the Minister on the ground that his application has been refused, or has not been granted, the existing licence, and if that licence is a road service licence, any backing thereof, shall continue in force until the appeal has been disposed of, without prejudice, however, to the exercise in the meantime of the powers of suspension and revocation conferred by this Part of this Act.

(9) Where the holder of a road service licence appeals to the Minister against a variation of the conditions attached to that licence that variation shall not have effect until the appeal has been disposed of:

Provided that regulations relating to appeals under this section may contain provision whereby the holder of a road service licence who appeals to the Minister is enabled to exclude, wholly or partly, the operation of this subsection.

Drivers, Conductors and Passengers

144.—(1) A person shall not drive, or act as conductor of, a public service vehicle on a road unless he is licensed for the purpose under this section, and a person shall not employ a person who is not so licensed to drive, or act as conductor of, a public service vehicle on a road.

(2) The authority having power to grant under this section a licence to a person to drive, or act as conductor of, a public service vehicle shall be—

(a) where the person seeking the grant of the licence is, at the time of application therefor, resident in a traffic area other than the Metropolitan Traffic Area, the traffic commissioners for the traffic area in which he then resides;

(b) where the person seeking the grant of the licence is, at the time aforesaid, resident in the Metropolitan Traffic Area, the commissioner of police of the metropolis.

(3) A person shall be disqualified for obtaining a licence to drive a public service vehicle unless he is over the age of twenty-one, and for obtaining a licence to act as conductor of a public

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

157

service vehicle unless he is over the age of eighteen, and a person Part m shall be disqualified from obtaining either such licence unless he fulfils such other conditions as may be prescribed.

(4) A licence to drive a public service vehicle may be limited to such type or types of vehicle as may be specified in the licence.

(5) A licence to drive, or act as conductor of, a public service vehicle may at any time be suspended or revoked by the authority by wham k was granted upon the ground that, by reason of his conduct or physical disability, the holder is not a fit person to hold such a licence; and a licence suspended under this subsection shall during the time of suspension be of no effect

(6) A licence to drive, or act as conductor of, a public service vehicle shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force for three years from the date on which it is expressed to take effect

(7) A licence granted under this section to a person resident in any traffic area shall be valid in every other traffic area.

(8) A person who contravenes subsection <1) of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

145.—(1) A person who, being the holder of or an applicant Appeals to for a licence to drive, or act as conductor of, a public service court8 of vehicle, feels aggrieved by the refusal or failure of the traffic in

commissioners or the commissioner of police of the metropolis, connection to grant, or by the suspension or revocation of, such a licence, with drivers’ or by any limitation imposed thereon, may by notice in writing and to the commissioners or commissioner, as the case may be, conductors’ require them or him to reconsider the matter and shall on the I,ccnces-reconsideration be entitled to be heard either personally or by his representative.

(2) A person who is so aggrieved as aforesaid or who is dissatisfied with the decision of the commissioners or commissioner on the reconsideration of the matter may appeal—

(a) if he resides in England or Wales, to a magistrates’ court acting for the petty sessions area in which he resides,

(b) if he resides in Scotland, to the sheriff within whose jurisdiction he resides,

and on any such appeal the court or sheriff may make such order as it or he thinks fit and any order so made shall be binding on the commissioners or commissioner.

158

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 B. 2

. Part m

Regulation of conduct of drivers and conductors.

Regulation of conduct of passengers.

(3) Where the applicant for such a licence, who is at the date of his application die holder of a licence, appeals under this section on the ground of refusal or failure to grant the licence, the existing licence shall continue in force until the appeal has been disposed of, notwithstanding the provisions of the last foregoing section as to the expiry of the licence by effluxion of time.

146. —(1) Regulations may make provision as to the conduct of persons licensed to act as drivers or conductors of public service vehicles when acting as such.

(2) If a person to whom regulations having effect by virtue of this section apply contravenes, or fails to comply with, any of the provisions of the regulations, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding'five pounds, and the court by which he is convicted may, if it thinks fit cause particulars of the conviction to be endorsed upon the licence granted to that person under section one hundred and forty-four of this Act.

(3) The person who has the custody of the licence shall, if so required by the convicting court produce the licence within a reasonable time for the purpose of endorsement and if he fails to do so, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

147. —(1) Regulations may make provision generally as to the conduct of passengers in public service vehicles and in particular (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision) for—

(a) authorising the removal from a public service vehicle of

a person infringing the regulations by the driver or conductor of the vehicle or cn the request of the driver or conductor by a police constable;

(b) requiring a passenger in a public service vehicle who is

reasonably suspected by the driver or conductor thereof of contravening the regulations to give his name and address to a police constable or to the driver or conductor on demand;

(c) requiring a passenger to declare, if so requested by the

driver or conductor, the journey he intends to take or has taken in the vehicle, and to pay the fare for the whole of that journey and to accept any ticket provided therefor;

() requiring, on demand being made for the purpose by the

driver or conductor or other person authorised by the

1960

Road Traffic; 1960

Ch. 16

159

licensee of the vehicle, production during the journey Part m and surrender at the end of the journey by the holder thereof of any ticket issued to him;

(e) requiring a passenger, if so requested by the driver or conductor, to leave the vehicle on the completion of the journey the fare for which he has paid;

(/) requiring the surrender by the holder thereof on the expiry o<f the period for which it is issued of a ticket issued to him.

(2) If a person contravenes, or fails to comply with, a provision of regulations having effect by virtue of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

148. —(1) Regulations may make provision with respect to Control of

public service vehicles providing for— number of

(a) the determination by or under the regulations of the P®88®0*018*

number of the seated passengers and standing passengers respectively whom a vehicle is constructed or adapted and fit to carry;

(b) the determination by or under the regulations of the

number of such passengers respectively who may be carried in a vehicle;

(c) the marks to be carried on a vehicle showing the num-

bers aforesaid and the manner in which those marks are to be carried.

(2) If a person contravenes, or fails to comply with, a provision of regulations having effect by virtue of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

General and Supplementary

149. —(1) In a case where the running of public service Power of vehicles on a road is restricted or prohibited by a local Act or Minister to order passed or made before the first day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty, the council of the county borough or county of roads district in which the road or any part thereof is situate, or a local by public authority or person providing or proposing to provide a service of service public service vehicles on that road or any part thereof, may vehicles, apply to the Minister for an order modifying or revoking the restrictions or prohibition.

(2) The Minister, on receiving an application under this section, shall, unless he is of opinion that it is made without reasonable cause, direct a public inquiry to be held into the subject matter of the application, and shall consider the report made to Mm by the person holding the inquiry.

Not less than one month’s notice of the inquiry shall be given to the council of the county borough or county district in which the road is situate, to the applicants, where the application is

160

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

Exclusion of certain enactments as respects Metropolitan Traffic Area.

Avoidance of contracts so far as restrictive of liability in respect of death of, or iiyury to, passengers in public service vehicles.

Wages and conditions of employment of persons employed in connection with public service vehicles.

not made by that authority, and to every local authority or person in whose favour the restrictions or prohibition appear to the Minister to have been imposed or who, in the opinion of the Minister, are affected by the application.

(3) If as a result of the inquiry the Minister is satisfied that it is in the public interest that the restrictions or prohibition should be modified or revoked he may by statutory instrument make an order modifying or revoking them or it, and may by the order modify or revoke to such extent as appears to him to be equitable in the circumstances any obligations imposed upon any person in connection with the restrictions or prohibition.

(4) Every order made under this section shall be laid before Parliament after being made, and shall not come into force until it has been approved by both Houses.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, the expression " local authority " means a county or town council and for any reference to the council of a county borough or county district there shall be substituted a reference to the council of a county or burgh.

150. —(1) As respects the Metropolitan Traffic Area the following enactments, that is to say, sections eight and fourteen of the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867, the Metropolitan Public Carriage Act, 1869, and the London Cab and Stage Carriage Act, 1907, shall not apply to a public service vehicle or to the driver or conductor thereof.

(2) As respects the Metropolitan Traffic Area no local authority shall exercise under the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, as amended, extended, or applied by any subsequent enactment, any powers with respect to public service vehicles or the licensing thereof or of their drivers or conductors.

151. A contract for the conveyance of a passenger in a public service vehicle shall, so far as it purports to negative or to restrict the liability of a person in respect of a claim which may be made against him in respect of the death of, or bodily injury to, the passenger while being carried in, entering or alighting from the vehicle, or purports to impose any conditions with respect to the enforcement of any such liability, be void.

152. —(1) The wages paid by the holder of a road service licence to persons employed by him in connection with the operation of a public service vehicle and the conditions of their employment shall not be less favourable to them than the wages which would be payable and the conditions which would have to be observed under a contract which complied with the requirement of any resolution of the House of Commons for the time being in force applicable to contracts with Government departments.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

161

(2) Any organisation representative of the persons engaged in Part m the road transport industry may make representations to the

traffic commissioners to the effect that the wages paid to, or the conditions of employment of, any persons employed by the holder of a road service licence are not in accordance with the requirements of the foregoing subsection, and if the matter in dispute is not otherwise disposed of it shall be referred by the Minister of Labour to the Industrial Court for settlement.

(3) Where a matter is referred to the Industrial Court under the last foregoing subsection the Court, in arriving at its decision, shall have regard to any determination which may be brought to its notice relating to the wages or conditions of service of persons employed in a capacity similar to that of the persons to whom the reference relates and contained in a decision of a joint industrial council, conciliation board or other similar body, or in (an agreement between organisations representative of employers and workpeople.

(4) If it is decided by the Industrial Court that a person has been guilty of a breach of the provisions of this section, he shall be liable to be dealt with in sill respects as if he had failed to comply with a condition attached to his road service licence.

153.—(1) The traffic commissioners may for any purpose, if Procedure they so think fit, hold public sittings at such places as appear to of traffic them convenient commisaonew.

(2) For the purpose of hearing and determining applications for the grant and backing of road service licences the traffic commissioners shall exercise their powers under the foregoing subsection, except that it shall not be obligatory on them to do so for the hearing or determination of an application for the grant or backing of a road service licence where it appears from the particulars submitted that the services which it is proposed to provide will not be operated on more than six days in any period of twelve months and that passengers will not be carried on a journey included in those services otherwise than at day return hues.

(3) Not less than two commissioners shall be present at the hearing of an application, and if where an application is heard by two commissioners only there is a difference of opinion between them, the matter shall be reheard and determined by all the commissioners.

(4) The traffic commissioners may delegate to any one of their members any of their functions other than those requiring to be discharged at a public sitting, and other than those of advising the Minister on an order made by a local authority under section thirty-nine of this Act or by a local authority in England or Wales under section eighty-three thereof.

F

162

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

Accounts of traffic commissioners and

metropolitan

police

commissioner.

Annual report of traffic

commissioners

and

metropolitan

police

commissioner.

Records of licences.

(5) The two last foregoing subsections do not apply to the Metropolitan Traffic Area.

154. —(1) The traffic commissioners for each traffic area shall cause proper accounts and other records in relation thereto to be kept, and shall prepare an annual statement of accounts in such form and containing such particulars as may be required by the Minister.

(2) As regards his functions with respect to licences to drive, or act as conductor of, public service vehicles, the commissioner of police of the metropolis shall cause proper accounts and other records in relation thereto to be kept and shall prepare an annual statement of accounts in such form and containing such particulars as may be required by the Minister.

155. The traffic commissioners for each traffic area shall make an annual report to the Minister on their proceedings containing particulars with respect to such matters as the Minister may direct and the commissioner of police of the metropolis shall make a like report as regards the exercise of his functions with respect to licences to drive, or act as conductor of, public service vehicles.

156. —(1) The traffic commissioners for each traffic area, and the commissioner of police of the metropolis, shall keep a record in such form and containing such particulars as may be prescribed of all licences granted or backed by them or him under this Part of this Act.

(2) A police constable or a person authorised for the purpose by a local authority shall, without payment, and any other person appearing to the traffic commissioners to have a reasonable ground for claiming so to do shall, upon payment of the prescribed fee, be entitled at any reasonable time to inspect and take copies of or extracts from the record kept under this section by them; and a police constable or a person authorised as aforesaid shall, without payment, and any other person appearing to the commissioner of police of the metropolis to have a reasonable ground for claiming so to do shall, upon payment of such fee as aforesaid, be entitled at any reasonable time to inspect and take copies of, or extracts from, the record so kept by him.

(3) A record kept under this section shall be admissible in evidence of the matters required under this Part of this Act to be entered therein, and a copy of an enti7 made in such a record in pursuance of this section purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the authority by whom the record is kept and

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

163

to be certified to be a true copy shall be evidence of the matters Part ID stated in that entry without proof of the signature or authority of the person signing the same.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, "local authority " means a county or town council.

157. —(1) It shall be the duty of a person carrying on the Returns to business of operating public service vehicles to keep such he provided accounts and records in relation thereto and to make to the Minister such financial and statistical returns, and in such manner public service and at such times, as the Minister may from time to time require, vehicles.

(2) If a person fails to comply with the requirements of the foregoing subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and in the case of a continuing offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day during which the offence continues.

(3) This section shall not apply to the British Transport Commission or an Executive.

158. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, pro- Power to vision may be made by regulations as to the procedure on— regulate

(a) applications for the grant of public service vehicle application licences, road service licences and licences to drive, or for licences, act as conductor of, public service vehicles, and appli-cations for the variation of conditions attached to road service licences,

(b) the determination of questions in connection with the grant, suspension and revocation of such licences and in connection with any such variation as aforesaid, and

(c) the surrender of licences,

and those regulations may make provision as to the particulars to be furnished and the persons to whom notices are to be given, the manner in which notices are to be published or served, and the manner in which objections or other representations with respect to the determination of such questions as aforesaid may be made.

159. —(1) Such fees as may be prescribed shall be charged— Fees for

(a) by the traffic commissioners for each traffic area in Slc

respect of the grant or backing of public service vehicle licences and road service licences and in respect of the issue of certificates of fitness under this Part of this Act;

(b) by the traffic commissioners for each traffic area and

by the commissioner of police of the metropolis in respect of the issue of licences to drive, or act as conductor of, public service vehicles.

164

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 111

Regulations for purposes of Part m.

(2) Any fees received by virtue of this section by the traffic commissioners shall be paid into the Exchequer in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

(3) Any fees payable by virtue of this section to the commissioner of police of the metropolis shall be paid to the Receiver for the metropolitan police district or a person authorised by him to receive payments or give receipts on his behalf.

160.—(1) The Minister may make regulations for any purpose for which regulations may be made under this Part of this Act and for prescribing anything which may be prescribed under this Part of this Act or the Twelfth Schedule thereto, and generally for the purpose of carrying this Part of this Act into effect, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, may make regulations with respect to any of the following matters—

(a) the forms to be used for the purposes of this Part of this

Act;

(b) applications for and the issue of licences and of certificates of fitness;

(c) the issue of copies of licences and certificates in the case

of licences or certificates lost or destroyed;

() the fees to be payable under this Part of this Act and the persons liable to pay the same;

(e) the documents, plates and marks to be carried by public

service vehicles and the manner in which they are to be carried;

(/) the badges to be worn by drivers and conductors of public service vehicles;

(g) the custody, production and cancellation on revocation or expiration of licences and certificates of fitness, and the return to the commissioners or, as the case may be, the commissioner of police of the metropolis, of licences which have become void, or have been revoked, and as to the custody, production and return of badges and plates;

(h) the carriage of luggage and goods on public service vehicles;

<0 the safe custody and re-delivery or disposal of any property accidentally left in a public service vehicle and fixing the charges made in respect thereof;

(j) the equipment to be carried by public service vehicles;

(k) for providing that any provisions of this Part of this Act

shall in relation to public service vehicles brought into Great Britain for the purpose of carrying persons

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

165

making only a temporary stay therein, have effect sub- Part m ject to such modifications and adaptations as may be prescribed;

and different regulations may be made as respects different classes or descriptions of public service vehicles or as respects the same class or description of public service vehicles in different circumstances.

(2) In this Part of this Act and the Twelfth Schedule thereto "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations and "regulations " means regulations made under this section.

161. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, proceedings Restriction on

for an offence under this Part of this Act shall not, in England or institution Wales, be instituted except by or on behalf of the Director of f

Public Prosecutions or by a person authorised in that behalf by SrooeeSSs> the traffic commissioners, a chief officer of police, or the council und^P^t III. of a county, county borough or county district.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply to proceedings for an offence under section one hundred and forty-one of this Act, but such proceedings shall not be instituted except by or by the direction of the Director of Public Prosecutions, the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area or a chief officer of police.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to proceedings for a breach of regulations having effect by virtue of section one hundred and forty-seven or one hundred and forty-eight of this Act.

(4) Subsection (1) of this section shall not prevent the institution by or on behalf of the Minister of proceedings for an offence under section one hundred and fifty-seven of this Act.

162, —(1) There shall be paid in every year out of moneys pro- Payment of vided by Parliament such sums as the Minister may, with the con-

sent of the Treasury, direct in respect of the salaries, remunera-Part 1,1 tion, establishment charges, and other expenses of the traffic commissioners, certifying officers, public service vehicle examiners, and any other officer or servant appointed by the Minister for the purposes of this Part of this Act, including any expenses incurred in connection with the employment of police officers as public service vehicle examiners.

(2) There shall be paid into the metropolitan police fund out of moneys provided by Parliament such sums in respect of the costs incurred under this Part of this Act by the commissioner of police of the metropolis as the Treasury, after consultation with the Minister, may from time to time determine.

166

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

Power of Minister to transfer licensing functions under Part III of metropolitan police commissioner.

163.—(1) The Minister may by order provide that, as regards persons residing in the Metropolitan Traffic Area or any specified part of that area, the functions of the commissioner of police of the metropolis of granting licences to drive, or act as conductor of, public service vehicles, or of any class of such vehicles, shall be transferred to the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area, and an order under this subsection may be revoked or altered by a subsequent order of the Minister; but no order under this subsection conferring any power, or imposing any duty, on the said commissioner of police shall be made save with the concurrence of the Secretary of State.

(2) An order under the foregoing subsection may make such adaptations and modifications of this Part of this Act as may be necessary for giving effect to the transfer of functions effected by the order.

(3) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, the Minister may by order, subject to revocation or alteration by a subsequent order made by him, suspend the operation of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section.

(4) The powers conferred on the Minister by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

Part IV

Regulation of Carriage of Goods by Road

Carr* Licences Users of goods 164.—(l) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, IroM carriers* no person shall use a 8oods vehicle on a road for the carriage of licences. goods—

(a) for hire or reward; or

(b) for or in connection with any trade or business carried

on by him,

except under a licence granted under this Part of this Act (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as a " carrier’s licence "):

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to the use of a vehicle in any case such as is mentioned in the Thirteenth Schedule to this Act.

(2) A person who uses a vehicle in contravention of the foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the driver of a vehicle, if it belongs to him or is in his possession under an agreement for hire, hire-purchase or loan, and in any other case the person whose agent or servant the driver is, shall be deemed to be the person using the vehicle.

I960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

167

(4) Where at any time goods are carried in a goods vehicle. Part IV bring a vehicle which has been let on hire by the person who,

at the time of the carriage of the goods, is within the meaning of this Part of this Act the user of the vehicle, the goods shall be deemed to be carried by that person for hire or reward.

(5) Where goods are carried in a vehicle, those goods shall not, for the purposes of this Part of this Act or the Thirteenth Schedule thereto, be deemed to be carried for hire or reward if—

(a) they are goods sold, used or let on hire or hire-purchase in the course of a trade or business carried on by the person using the vehicle, and are being delivered or collected by him; or

(b) they are goods which have been, or are to be, subjected to a process or treatment in die course of a trade or business carried on by the person using the vehicle, and are being delivered or collected by him; or

(c) they are carried, by a person engaged in agriculture in any locality, for or in connection with the business of agriculture carried on by another person in that locality, and the vehicle in which they are carried is one which the person carrying them is authorised by a carrier’s licence to use for the carriage of goods for or in connection with his agricultural business; or

() they are carried in a vehicle which is being used under, and in accordance with the regulations applicable to, a licence taken out by a manufacturer or repairer of, or dealer in, mechanically propelled vehicles under section ten of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949; or

(e) they are carried in a vehicle which is being used by a manufacturer, agent or dealer for demonstration purposes.

(6) It is hereby declared that, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, the performance by a local or public authority of their functions shall be deemed to be the oarrying on of a business.

165.—(1) In relation to each traffic area constituted for the The licensing purposes of Part III of this Act, the person who is the chairman authority, of the traffic commissioners for the area (including any person for the time being appointed by the Minister to act as deputy to the chairman) shall be known as the licensing authority and shall exercise the functions relating to carriers* licences conferred on him by this Part of this Act.

(2) In the exercise of his functions under this Part of this Act the licensing authority shall act under the general directions of the Minister.

168

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

Part IV

Classes of

carriers*

licences,

and acts

authorised

thereby.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as respects the Metropolitan Traffic Area with the substitution of a reference to the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area for the reference to the chairman of the traffic commissioners.

166.—(1) Carriers’ licences shall be of the following classes, that is to say—

(a) public carriers' licences (in this Part of this Act referred

to as " A licences ");

(b) limited carriers’ licences (in this Part of this Act referred

to as " B licences "); and

(c) private carriers’ licences (in this Part of this Act referred

to as " C licences ").

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, an A licence shall entitle die holder thereof to use the authorised vehicles for the carriage of goods for hire or reward, and shall also entide him to use those vehicles for the carriage of goods for or in connection with his business as a carrier of goods (whether that business is conducted by the use of road transport or any other kind of transport).

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a B licence shall entide the holder thereof to use the authorised vehicles, as he thinks fit from time to time,—

(a) for the carriage of goods for or in connection with a

trade or business carried on by him, or

(b) subject to any conditions which the licensing authority,

in the exercise of his discretion to attach conditions to a B licence, may attach to the licence, for the carriage of goods for hire or reward.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a C licence shall entitle the holder thereof—

(a) to use the authorised vehicles for the carriage of goods

for or in connection with a trade or business carried on by him, or

(b) if specially authorised by the licensing authority in

a case of emergency, to use an authorised vehicle for the carriage of goods, in accordance with any conditions imposed by the authority in giving the authorisation, for any person to whom he lets the vehicle.

The licensing authority shall not give an authorisation under paragraph (b) of this subsection unless he is satisfied that the needs of the person for whom the goods are to be carried cannot conveniendy be met from other sources.

(5) In relation to an A licence of which the holder is a person carrying on a canal, dock or harbour undertaking, subsection (2) of this section shall have effect as if the following words were inserted at the end of the subsection, that is to say—

" or for or in connection with the canal, dock or harbour undertaking carried on by him ".

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

169

Part IV

167- —(1) The vehicles authorised to be used under a carrier's Authorised

licence shall be— vehicles.

(a) such motor vehicles, being vehicles belonging to the

holder of the licence or in his possession under a hire-purchase agreement as are specified in the licence;

(b) motor vehicles from time to time in the possession of

the holder of the licence under an agreement for hire or loan, not exceeding at any time such maximum number as is specified in the licence;

(c) trailers from time to time belonging to the holder of

the licence or in his possession under an agreement for hire-purchase, hire or loan, not exceeding at any time such maximum number as is specified in the licence;

(d) in the case of a C licence, subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, any motor vehicle belonging to the holder of the licence or in his possession under a hire-purchase agreement, but acquired by him, or coming into his possession under such an agreement, only after the grant of the licence.

For the purposes of paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of this subsection, different types of motor vehicles or different types of trailers, as the case may be, may be distinguished in a licence and a maximum number may be specified in the licence for vehicles or trailers of each type.

(2) A motor vehicle which, after the grant of a C licence, is acquired by the holder of the licence, or comes into his possession under a hire-purchase agreement, shall cease to be an authorised vehicle on the expiration of one month from the date on which it was acquired by him or came into his possession unless before the expiration of that period he delivers to the licensing authority a notice in the prescribed form to the effect that the vehicle has been acquired by him, or has come into his possession, as the case may be.

(3) A motor vehicle specified in a carrier’s licence shall not, while it remains so specified, be capable of being effectively specified in any other carrier’s licence.

168- —(1) It shall be a condition of every A licence that no Conditions vehicle which is for the time being an authorised vehicle shall 2^25!" be used for the carriage of goods for or in connection with a u

trade or business carried on by the holder of the licence (other than a trade or business for or in connection with which the holder of the licence is, by virtue of subsection (2) of section one hundred and sixty-six of this Act, entitled to use that vehicle for the carriage of goods), except such storage or warehousing of goods as may be incidental to his business as a carrier.

F*

170

Gel 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eltz. 2

Part IV

Duration of

carriers'

licences.

(2) The licensing authority may in his discretion attach to a B licence, as respects the use of the authorised vehicles, or any of them, for the carriage of goods for hire or reward, all or any of the following conditions, that is to say—

(i )a condition that they shall be so used only in a specified district or between specified places;

(b) a condition that certain classes or descriptions of goods

only shall be so carried;

(c) a condition that goods shall be so carried only for

specified persons;

() such other conditions (not being conditions with respect to the rates to be charged) as the licensing authority may think fit to impose in the public interest and with a view to preventing uneconomic competition.

(3) It shall be a condition of every C licence that no vehicle which is for the time being an authorised vehicle shall be used for the carriage of goods for hire or reward except under an authorisation given under paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of section one hundred and sixty-six of this Act.

(4) The conditions of a carrier’s licence shall not apply in relation to the use of an authorised vehicle for a purpose for which it might lawfully be used without the authority of a carrier’s licence.

(5) Subject to the last foregoing subsection, a person who fails to comply with a condition of a carrier’s licence of which he is the holder shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

169.—(1) There shall be specified in every carrier’s licence the date on which the licence is to come into force (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the commencement date ").

(2) Regulations may specify the dates in the year on which carriers’ licences shall expire and, subject to the provisions of this section, a carrier’s licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force up till and including that one of the specified dates which occurs next before the expiration of the period (in this Part of this Act referred to as "the currency period") applicable to that licence in accordance with subsection (4) of this section, unless at the time of the granting of the licence the licensing authority for special reasons determines that it shall continue in force only up till and including an earlier date (being one of those specified), in which case it shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force only up till and including that date.

1960 Road Traffic Act, 1960 Ch. 16 171

(3) If at the date on which a earner’s licence is due to expire. Part rv proceedings are pending before the licensing authority on an application by the holder of that licence for the grant to him of

a new licence in substitution therefor, the existing licence shall continue in force until the application is disposed of, without prejudice, however, to the exercise in the meantime of the powers of suspension, revocation and curtailment conferred by this Part of this Act

(4) The currency period shall be—

(a) in the case of an A licence, two years or such longer

period as may be prescribed;

(b) in the case of a B licence, one year or such longer

period as may be prescribed;

(c) in the case of a C licence, three years or such longer

period as may be prescribed:

Provided that regulations may provide that where the licensing authority is of opinion that such a course is desirable in order to arrange a suitable and convenient programme of work, he may in his discretion grant a licence for a currency period shortened to meet the requirements of that programme.

170.—(1) With a view to enabling goods vehicles to be used sh®J^5rm temporarily- £5.

(a) for the purposes of a seasonal business,

(b) for the purposes of the execution of a particular piece

of work, or

(c) for any other purpose of limited duration,

a carrier’s licence of any class may be granted for a period not exceeding three months.

(2) Where an application has been made for a carrier’s licence having a duration determined by the last foregoing section, the licensing authority, if for administrative reasons he deems it desirable so to do, may, pending the determination of the application, grant to the applicant a carrier’s licence for a period not exceeding—

(a) in the case of a first application for an A licence, twelve

months;

(b) in the case of a first application for a B licence, six

months; and

(c) in any other case, three months.

(3) If, in a case where an application has been made for a carrier’s licence, the licensing authority has granted a licence under the last foregoing subsection, that licence shall cease to have effect on the commencement date of a licence granted on that application and having a duration determined by the last foregoing section.

F* 2

172

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part IV

Applications for carriers* licences.

Applicant to furnish Information.

(4) A licence granted under this section is hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as a " short-term licence

(5) Subsections (2) to (4) of the last foregoing section shall not apply to short-term licences.

Procedure governing Grant of ' Licences

171. —(1) An application for an A licence or for a B licence shall be made to die licensing authority for the area in which the applicant's operating centre is situated.

(2) Where the applicant for an A licence or for a B licence has more than one operating centre he shall make a separate application in respect of each centre, but where applications for licences of the same class are made by the same person in respect of two or more centres in the same area the licensing authority may. if he thinks fit. grant a single licence in respect of all or any of the applications.

(3) An application for a C licence shall be made to the licensing authority either for the area in which the principal place of business of the applicant is situated or for the area in which his head office is situated.

(4) In this section " operating centre " means the permanent base or centre from which it is intended that the authorised vehicles will normally be used for the carriage of goods for hire or reward.

172. —(1) A person applying for a carrier’s licence shall give to the licensing authority a statement in the prescribed form giving such particulars as may be prescribed of the motor vehicles proposed to be used under the licence which—

(a) belong to the applicant, or

(b) are in his possession under a hire-purchase agreement, or

(c) he intends, if the application is granted, to acquire, or to obtain possession of under such an agreement.

and also stating the number and type of any hired motor vehicles, and of any trailers, proposed to be so used; but an applicant shall not be required to distinguish in his statement between \ehicles belonging to him and vehicles subject to hire-purchase agreements.

(2) A person applying for an A. licence or for a B licence shall also give to the licensing authority a statement in the prescribed form—

(a) specifying the facilities for the transport of goods intended to be provided by the applicant under the licence for other persons, and

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

173

(b) giving particulars of the district within which, or the places between which, it is intended that the authorised vehicles will normally be used for the carriage of goods for hire or reward.

(3) A person applying for a carrier’s licence shall give to the licensing authority any further information which he may reasonably require for the discharge of his duties in relation to die application, and in particular shall, if the application is for ao A licence or for a B licence and he is required by the licensing authority so to do, give to him.in the prescribed form—

(a) such particulars as he may require with respect to any

business as a carrier carried on by the applicant at any time before the making of the application, and of the rates charged by the applicant;

(b) particulars of any agreement or arrangement entered into by the applicant with any other carrier (whether operating within the area of the licensing authority or outside that area) which affect in any material respect the provision within the area of the licensing authority of facilities for the transport of goods for hire or reward;

(c) particulars of any financial interest which any other

carrier, or a person controlling (either solely or in conjunction with any other person) the business of any other carrier, has in the business of the applicant;

() where the applicant is a company, particulars of any right which any other carrier, or any person controlling (either solely or in conjunction with any other person) the business of any other carrier, has to nominate any director of the company.

In this subsection " carrier " means a person providing facilities for the transport of goods for hire or reward, and " financial interest" means financial interest as a partner or shareholder or as a result of a loan, guarantee or other financial transaction.

173.—(1) This section applies to every application for the grant of an A licence or a B licence except—

(a) an application which the licensing authority is bound to

grant;

(b) an application which, in the opinion of the licensing

authority, is of so trivial a nature that it is not necessary that an opportunity should be given for objection;

(c) an application for a licence to expire not later than an

existing licence under which the vehicles to which the application relates are authorised to be used for the purposes of a business which the applicant has acquired or intends to acquire;

Part IV

Objections to certain applications for A or B licences.

174

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part IV

(</) an application for a short-term licence, where the licensing authority is of opinion that the application has been made with reasonable expedition and that the demand for the use of the vehicles to be authorised under the licence is so urgent as to render compliance with the requirements of this section impracticable.

(2) The licensing authority shall publish in the prescribed manner notice of an application to which this section applies specifying the time within which, and the manner in which, objections may be made to the grant of the application.

(3) It shall be the duty of the licensing authority, on an application to which this section applies, to take into consideration any relevant objection to the application which may be made by a person who is already providing facilities, whether by means of road transport or any other kind of transport, for the carriage of goods for hire or reward in the district, or between the places, which the applicant intends to serve:

Provided that on an application for an A licence, the licensing authority shall not be bound to take into consideration an objection made by a person who holds a B licence but does not also hold an A licence.

(4) In this section, " relevant objection " means an objection on any of the following grounds, that is to say,—

(a) that suitable transport facilities in the district, or be-

tween the places, which the applicant intends to serve are or, if the application were granted, would be, either generally or in respect of any particular type of vehicles, in excess of requirements;

(b) that any of the conditions of a carrier’s licence held

by the applicant has not been complied with;

(c) that in relation to a carrier’s licence held by the appli-

cant, there has been any such conviction or prohibition as is mentioned in the Fourteenth Schedule to this Act

(5) The onus of proof of the existence of the grounds on which a relevant objection is made shall lie on the objector.

(6) In considering, for the purposes of an objection on grounds such as are referred to in paragraph (a) of subsection

(4) of this section, whether existing transport facilities are to be treated as suitable, the licensing authority shall have regard to the relative efficiency, reliability and adequacy of the existing facilities at the date of the application and the facilities which the applicant will provide if his application is granted, and to all other relevant considerations, including, to such extent as may in all the circumstances appear proper, the charges made and to be made in respect of those facilities respectively.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

175

174-—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the licensing authority, on an application for an A licence or for a B licence, shall have full power in his discretion—

(a) to grant the application, or

(b) to grant a licence in respect of motor vehicles other

than those of which particulars were contained in the application, or in respect of motor vehicles or trailers less in number than, or differing in type from, those for the use of which authorisation was applied for, or

(c) to refuse the application.

(2) If, on an application for an A licence, the applicant satisfies the licensing authority that any of the authorised vehicles will be used exclusively for the purposes of a contract entered into by the applicant with a person carrying on a trade or business (not being the business of carrying or arranging for the carrying of goods) for the carriage of goods for or in connection with that trade or business during any continuous period of not less than one year, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a) the licensing authority shall be obliged to grant the

application so far as regards those vehicles (unless he is satisfied that, having regard to the previous conduct of (the applicant in the capacity of a carrier of goods, he is not a fit person to receive a carrier’s licence, in which case the licensing authority shall refuse the application); but

(b) if the application is granted, the licensing authority shall

attach ito the licence conditions for securing that those vehicles shall be used exclusively for the purposes of the contract and shall at the termination of the contract cease to be authorised vehicles unless the licensing authority, on an application made to him with respect thereto, otherwise directs.

(3) The licensing authority shall be obliged to grant an application for a C licence unless—

(a) the applicant is the holder of a carrier's licence which

is suspended or has been curtailed, or

(b) a carrier’s licence previously held by the applicant has

been revoked or curtailed,

in either of which cases the licensing authority shall have full power in his discretion either to grant or to refuse the application.

(4) The licensing authority, in exercising his discretion under this section, shall have regard to the interests of the public generally, including primarily those of persons requiring facilities

Part IV Decision of licensing authority on application for carrier’s licence.

176

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV for transport, and secondarily those of persons providing facilities for transport, and, in particular, shall have regard in the case of an application for an A licence or for a B licence—

(a) where the applicant is the holder of an existing licence

of the same class, to the extent to which he is authorised to use goods vehicles thereunder for the carriage of goods for hire or reward;

(b) to the previous conduct of the applicant in the capacity

of a carrier of goods;

(c) to the number and type of vehicles proposed to be

used under the licence;

() in determining the number of vehicles to be authorised,

to the need for providing for occasions when vehicles are withdrawn from service for overhaul or repair;

(e) to the extent to which the vehicles to be authorised will

be in substitution for horse-drawn vehicles previously used by the applicant for the purposes of his business as a carrier;

(/) to the extent to which the vehicles to be authorised will further the provision of services under which goods will be carried partly by road and partly by railway or inland waterway without the need for unloading and reloading,

and, in the case of an application for a B licence, also to the extent to which the applicant intends that the vehicles proposed to be used under the licence shall be used for the carriage of goods for hire or reward.

Where goods are contained in a receptacle which is an additional body for a goods vehicle and is constructed or adapted for the purpose of being taken on to or off the vehicle with goods contained therein, the transfer of the receptacle with goods contained therein on to or off a goods vehicle, railway wagon or vessel shall not be treated for the purposes of paragraph (/) of this subsection as an unloading or reloading of those goods.

(5) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the matters to which the licensing authority is to have regard in exercising his discretion under this section do not include the duty imposed upon the British Transport Commission by paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section three of the Transport Act, 1947 (which requires the Commission to provide, in such places and to such extent as may appear to them to be expedient, certain transport services).

(6) In a case in which the licensing authority refuses to grant a carrier’s licence, or grants a carrier’s licence which differs from the licence applied for, or imposes conditions to which

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

177

the applicant does not agree, the licensing authority shall, if so Part IV requested by the applicant, state in writing the reasons for his decision.

(7) Where, under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, the licensing authority proposes to grant an application for an A licence or for a B licence in respect of vehicles other than those of which particulars were contained in the application, then (unless the licensing authority is satisfied that the variation subject to which he proposes to grant the application will not materially increase the total cairying capacity of the authorised vehicles) he shall publish notice of his proposal as if it were an application to which the last foregoing section applies, and thereupon subsections (3) to (6) of that section shall apply accordingly.

175. —(1) A person who, having applied for a carrier’s licence. Right of

is aggrieved— applicant or

(a) by the decision of the licensing authority on the applica- anSSuo10

tion, or Transport

(b) in the case of an application for a B licence, by a Tribunal, condition attached to the licence by the licensing authority,

may appeal to the Transport Tribunal.

(2) A person who, having duly made an objection to an application for a carrier’s licence, is aggrieved by the decision of the licensing authority thereon, may, if the objection was one which the licensing authority was bound to take into consideration, appeal to the Transport Tribunal.

(3) The Transport Tribunal shall have power to make such order as it thinks fit on an appeal under this section, and the derision of the Tribunal on such an appeal shall be binding on the licensing authority.

(4) Where a person who has applied for a new carrier’s licence, in substitution for a licence, other than a short-term licence, held by him and in force at the date of his application, appeals to the Transport Tribunal, the existing licence shall, notwithstanding anything contained in section one hundred and sixty-nine of this Act, continue in force until the appeal has been disposed of, without prejudice, however, to the exercise in the meantime of the powers of suspension, revocation and curtailment conferred by this Part of this Act.

Variation, Revocation, Suspension and Curtailment of Carriers' Licences

176. —(1) On the application of the holder of a carrier’s Variation of licence, the licensing authority by whom the licence was carrier’s licence granted may at any time while it is in force vary the licence

by directing—

(a) that additional vehicles be specified therein, or

178

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part IV

(6) that vehicles specified therein be removed therefrom, or

(c) that the maximum number of motor vehicles or of

trailers specified therein under paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-seven of this Act be increased or reduced, or

() in the case of an application by the holder of a B

licence, that any condition attached to die licence under subsection (2) of section one hundred and sixty-eight of this Act be cancelled or varied.

(2) The following provisions of this Act, namely, subsection (2) of section one hundred and sixty-eight, section one hundred and seventy-two and section one hundred and seventy-four shall, so far as applicable and with any necessary modifications, apply to an application under this section for the variation of a carrier’s licence of any class as they apply to an application for the grant of a licence of that class, subject, however, in the case of the said section one hundred and seventy-four, to the restriction that the licensing authority shall be bound to grant an application for a variation consisting only of—

(a) the removal of a specified vehicle from the licence; or

(b) a reduction in the maximum number of motor vehicles

or of trailers specified in the licence in pursuance of paragraphs ib) and (c) respectively of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-seven of this Act; or

(c) the specification in the licence in substitution for a

specified vehicle of a vehicle of the same or of a less weight unladen.

(3) In the case of an application under this section for—

(a) the variation of an A licence or a B licence by a direction—

(i) that additional vehicles shall be specified therein; or

(ii) that the maximum number of motor vehicles or of trailers specified therein in pursuance of paragraphs (b) and (c) respectively of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-seven of this Act shall be increased; or

(b) the variation of a B licence by a direction that the district specified in the licence within which, or the places so specified between which, the vehicles can be used for the carriage of goods for hire or reward shall be varied or extended;

the licensing authority (unless satisfied that the application is of so trivial a nature that it is not necessary that an opportunity should be given for objection to it) shall publish, in the manner

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

179

prescribed for Che publication of notices of applications to which section one hundred and seventy-three of this Act applies, notice of the application specifying die time within which, and the manner in which, objections may be made to the grant of the application, and where notice of the application is published in pursuance of this subsection, subsections (3) to (6) of that section shall apply to the application as they apply to an application under that section for the grant of a licence of the same class as that to which the application relates.

(4) A person who—

(a)being an applicant for the variation of a carrier’s licence, is aggrieved by the decision of the licensing authority on the application or, in the case of a B licence, by a condition attached to the licence by the licensing authority, or

(b) having duly made an objection to an application for the variation of a carrier's licence, being an objection which the licensing authority is bound to take into consideration, is aggrieved by the decision of the licensing authority thereon, may appeal to the Transport Tribunal; and on an appeal under this subsection the Transport Tribunal shall have power to make such order as it thinks fit, and its decision shall be binding on the licensing authority.

(5) Where a condition attached to a carrier’s licence is varied under this section by a licensing authority, the variation shall not have effect until the expiration of the time within which an appeal may be made to the Transport Tribunal against the variation nor, if such an appeal is made, until the appeal has been disposed of.

177. —(1) Where it comes to the knowledge of the licensing authority by whom a carrier’s licence was granted that a vehicle specified therein has ceased to be used under the licence for any reason other than a fluctuation in business, or is specified in another carrier’s licence, he may vary the licence by directing that the vehicle be removed therefrom.

(2) Where the licensing authority by whom a C licence was granted receives a notice under subsection (2) of section one hundred and sixty-seven of this Act to the effect that the holder of the licence has acquired, or come into possession of, a vehicle as mentioned in that subsection, he shall vary the licence by directing that the vehicle be specified therein.

178. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the licensing authority by whom a carrier’s licence was granted may direct that it be revoked, suspended or curtailed on any one or more of the following grounds, that is to say—

Part IV

Variation of carriers* licences in other cases.

Revocation, suspension and curtailment of carriers* licences.

180

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV

(a) that any of the conditions of the licence have not been complied with;

(b) that in relation to the licence there has been any such conviction or prohibition as is mentioned in the Fourteenth Schedule to this Act;

(c) that the holder of the licence has, since the licence was granted, been convicted of an offence under section seven of the Road Haulage Wages Act, 1938 (which makes failure to pay the statutory remuneration under that Act an offence);

(d) in the case of an A licence or a B licence, that the holder of the licence made or procured to be made for the purposes of his application for the licence, or for the purposes of an application for any such variation thereof as is mentioned in subsection (3) of section one hundred and seventy-six of this Act a statement of fact which (whether to his knowledge or not) was false, or a statement of intention or expectation which has not been fulfilled;

(e) in the case of an A licence or a B licence, that the holder of the licence has been persistently charging, for services which consist of or include the carriage of goods by road in any of the authorised vehicles, sums insufficient to meet the cost of rendering those services, and has thereby placed other holders of carriers* licences at an undue or unfair disadvantage in competing with him as respects the carriage of goods by road.

(2) The licensing authority shall not give a direction under this section without first holding a public inquiry if the holder of the licence requests him to hold such an inquiry.

(3) The licensing authority shall not give a direction under this section on a ground such as is referred to in paragraph (a) or paragraph (c) of subsection (1) thereof unless he is satisfied that owing to the frequency of the breach of conditions of the licence, or to the breach in question having been committed wilfully, or, as die case may be, that owing to the frequency with which the offence was committed or to the offence in question having been committed wilfully, such a direction should be given.

(4) The licensing authority shall not give a direction under this section on a ground such as is referred to in paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) thereof unless he is satisfied that owing to the frequency of such convictions or prohibitions as are referred to in that paragraph, or the wilfulness of the act or

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

181

omission leading to the conviction or prohibition in question. Part IV or the danger to the public involved in that act or omission, such a direction should be given.

(5) In a case in which the licensing authority gives a direction under this section with respect to a licence he shall, if so requested by the holder of the licence, state in writing the grounds on which the direction is given.

(6) A person who, being the holder of a carrier’s licence, is aggrieved by a direction given under this section in respect thereof, may appeal to the Transport Tribunal; and on an appeal under this subsection the Transport Tribunal shall have power to make such order as it thinks fit, and its decision shall be binding on the licensing authority.

(7) References in this Part of this Act to the curtailment of a licence are references—

(a) to the removal from the licence of any one or more of

the vehicles specified therein, or

(b) to the reduction of the maximum number of motor vehicles or of trailers specified therein in pursuance of paragraphs (b)and (c) respectively of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-seven of this Act

Provisions supplementary to foregoing Provisions of Part IV

179*—(1) A person may be the holder of two or more carriers’ Supplemental licences whether of the same class or of different classes. provisions as

to carriers* licences.

(2) A carrier’s licence shall not be capable of being transferred or assigned, but provision may be made by regulations for enabling a person carrying on the business of the holder of a carrier’s licence to continue for the time being to use the authorised vehicles in the event of the death, incapacity, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the holder, or of the appointment of a receiver or manager in relation to the business.

180.—(1) Where a holding company, on an application for a Holding and carrier’s licence, signifies to the licensing authority its desire that subsidiary the provisions of this section should have effect as respects a companies, subsidiary company specified in the application, then, in relation to the application and to any licence granted thereon to the holding company, and to the use of the authorised vehicles, this Part of this Act shall have effect—

(a) as if goods vehicles belonging to, or in the possession of, the subsidiary company belonged to, or were in the possession of, the holding company;

182

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV

(b) as if, where a goods vehicle is used m circumstances in which, but for this provision, the subsidiary company would be deemed to be the user thereof, the holding company were the user thereof;

(c) as if a trade or business carried on by the subsidiary company were carried on by the holding company;

(d) as if a person employed by the subsidiary company as a driver or statutory attendant of an authorised vehicle were employed by the holding company;

(e) as if the subsidiary company were an applicant for the licence.

(2) The provisions of this section shall cease to have effect as respects a subsidiary company—

(a) if the holding company gives notice to the licensing

authority that it desires that this section should, as from any date, cease to apply to that company, as from that date; or

(b) as from the date on which that company ceases to

be a subsidiary company of the holding company.

(3) Where, by virtue of this section, this Part of this Act has effect as if a trade or business carried on by a subsidiary company were carried on by the holding company, then, for the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and seventy-eight of this Act the reference in the Fourteenth Schedule thereto to the holder of the licence or any servant or agent of bis shall include a reference to the subsidiary company or any servant or agent of its, and for the purposes of paragraph (e) of that subsection—

(a) any charges for services made by the subsidiary company shall be deemed to be made by the holding company, and

(b) persons in competition with the subsidiary company shall be deemed to be in competition to the same extent with the holding company.

(4) In this section "holding company" means a company which is the beneficial owner of not less than ninety per cent of the issued share capital of another company, and " subsidiary company ", in relation to a holding company, means a company not less than ninety per cent, of the issued share capital of which is in the beneficial ownership of the holding company.

Where a subsidiary company (as hereinbefore defined) is the beneficial owner of any shares of another company, those shares shall be treated for the purposes of the foregoing definitions as if they were in the beneficial ownership of the holding company.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

183

181.—(1) An appeal under this Part of this Act to the Trans- Part IV port Tribunal must be made within the prescribed time and in the Supplemental prescribed manner. provisions as to

appeals to

(2) The Transport Tribunal may by notice in writing require Transport any person, subject to the payment or tender of the reasonable Tribunal, expenses of his attendance, to attend as a witness and give evidence at the hearing of an appeal under this Part of this

Act, or to produce any documents in his possession or power which relate to any matter in question on such an appeal; and a person who fails without reasonable excuse to comply with any of the provisions of such a notice shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) The Transport Tribunal may remit the whole or part of any fee in respect of an appeal to the Tribunal under this Part of this Act if the applicant satisfies the Tribunal that by reason of his poverty it is proper so to do.

(4) An appeal to the Transport Tribunal from a decision of the licensing authority for an area in Scotland shall be heard in Scotland.

182.—(1) Such fees, payable at such times, and whether in one Fees for grant sum or by instalments, as may be prescribed shall be charged by or variation of the licensing authority in respect of the grant or variation of j?™" carriers* licences.

(2) All fees payable under this Part of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

Maintenance of Goods Vehicles

183.—(1) For the purpose of securing that goods vehicles are Powers of maintained in a fit and serviceable condition and that, in rela- inspection of tion to goods vehicles, the provisions of Part I of this Act and this Part thereof are observed, the Minister shall appoint such proper^ officers (in this Part of this Act referred to as " examiners ") as he maintenance considers necessary. thereof.

(2) An examiner, or a certifying officer appointed under Part III of this Act (in this Part of this Act referred to as a " certifying officer "),—

(a) may at any time, on production if so required of his authority, enter and inspect any goods vehicle, and for that purpose detain the vehicle during such time as is required for the inspection;

184

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV ib) may at any time which is reasonable having regard to

the circumstances of the case enter any premises on which he has reason to believe that a goods vehicle is kept.

(3) A person who obstructs an examiner or certifying officer in the performance of his duty under the last foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

Power to 184.—(1) If on the inspection of a goods vehicle it appears to

prohibit use an examiner or certifying officer that the vehicle, owing to any goods defects therein, is, or is likely to become, unfit for service until w c *• the defects have been remedied, he may prohibit the use of the vehicle on a road for the carriage of goods.

(2) Where under this section an examiner or certifying officer prohibits the use of a vehicle, he shall forthwith give notice in the prescribed form of the prohibition—

(a) to the owner of the vehicle,

(b) to the person in charge of the vehicle at the time of

the inspection, and

(c) in the case of an authorised vehicle, to the licensing

authority by whom the carrier’s licence was granted.

(3) Where, in the opinion of the person imposing the prohibition, the defects can be remedied within a period not exceeding ten days and are not defects which involve immediate risk to public safety, a notice given under the last foregoing subsection shall specify the period within which the defects can, in that person’s opinion, be remedied.

(4) A prohibition under this section shall come into operation as soon as notice thereof has been given either to the owner, or to the person in charge, of the vehicle, and shall thereafter continue in force until it is removed in accordance with the next following section:

Provided that, in a case such as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, the prohibition shall not come into operation before the expiration of the period within which, in the opinion of the person imposing the prohibition, the defects can be remedied, and shall not come into operation upon the expiration of that period if an examiner or certifying officer, being satisfied that the defects have been or are in course of being remedied, withdraws the prohibition before the expiration of that period.

(5) A person who drives a goods vehicle carrying goods, or causes or permits a goods vehicle carrying goods to be driven, on a road, at a time whilst a prohibition under this section is in operation in relation to the vehicle shall be liable on sum-

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

185

mary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the Part IV case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

185.—(1) A prohibition under the last foregoing section which Removal of has come into operation may be removed by any examiner or prohibition certifying officer if he is satisfied that the vehicle is fit for service. vehicle

(2) A person aggrieved by the refusal of an examiner to remove a prohibition may make an application to any licensing authority to have the vehicle inspected by a certifying officer, and, where any such application is made, the certifying officer, on the matter being referred to him, shall, if he considers that the vehicle is fit for service, remove the prohibition.

(3) A person aggrieved by the refusal of a certifying officer to remove a prohibition may, within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, appeal to the Minister, who shall have power to make such order on the appeal as he thinks fit; and any such order shall be binding on the certifying officer.

(4) Where an examiner or certifying officer withdraws or removes a prohibition, he shall forthwith give notice of the withdrawal or removal to the owner of the vehicle and, in the case of an authorised vehicle, to the licensing authority by whom the carrier’s licence was granted.

Records of Hours of Wo, &c.

186.—(1) Subject to any exemptions for which provision may Duty of holder be made by the regulations, the holder of a carrier’s licence shall carrier’s keep, or cause to be kept, in accordance with regulations made to*

for the purposes of this section, current records showing— hours of work,

(a) the times at which every person employed by him as a

driver or statutory attendant of an authorised vehicle oaas* started and finished work and the intervals of rest of every such person;

(b) particulars of every journey of a vehicle on which goods

are carried under the licence, showing the greatest weight of goods carried by the vehicle at any one time during the period to which the record relates and giving the description and destination of the goods carried.

(2) Where the holder of a carrier’s licence himself acts as a driver or statutory attendant of an authorised vehicle, paragraph fa) of the foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to him as it applies in relation to persons employed by him:

186

Ch, 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV Provided that regulations made for the purposes of this section may exempt the holder of the licence from recording information as respects himself when so acting in such circumstances as may be specified in the regulations.

(3) Regulations made for the purposes of this section—

(a) may require separate information to be recorded as to

the time spent by a person in work in connection with the vehicle or its load, or such description of such work as may be specified in the regulations, and the time spent by him in other work;

(b) may contain exemptions, applying in such cases and

subject to such limitations as may be specified in the regulations, for vehicles used in the business of agriculture or vehicles used in the business of a travelling showman;

(c) may make provision for requiring drivers of authorised

vehicles to carry the prescribed documents and to make any prescribed entries therein.

(4) Subject to the provisions of regulations made for the purposes of this section, a licensing authority may dispense with the observance, as respects the carriage of goods under a carrier's licence granted by him, of any requirement of those regulations, and may grant such a dispensation either generally, or as respects a particular vehicle, or as respects the use of vehicles for a particular purpose, but he shall not grant such a dispensation unless he is satisfied that it is not reasonably practicable, having regard to the nature of the business concerned, for the requirement dispensed with to be observed:

Provided that, in the case of vehicles used in the business of agriculture, or in the business of a travelling showman, he shall grant a dispensation except in so far as he is satisfied that for special reasons the observance of a requirement of the regulations is desirable as respects particular vehicles, or as respects vehicles used for a particular purpose.

(5) The holder of a carrier’s licence shall preserve every record kept under regulations made for the purposes of this section for a period of three months beginning on the date on which the record is made and for such further period, not exceeding six months, as may be required by the licensing authority or a chief officer of police; and during the period for which he is required by or under this subsection to preserve a record he shall, if required so to do at any time by an authorised person, produce the record for the inspection of that person.

In this subsection " authorised person " means the licensing authority, or a person authorised for the purposes of this subsection by the licensing authority or by a chief officer of police.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

187

(6) A person who fails to comply with the provisions of this section or of any regulations made for the purposes thereof shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

Supplementary

187. A licensing authority may hold such inquiries as he thinks necessary for the proper exercise of his functions under this Part of this Act

188. —(1) Each licensing authority shall cause proper accounts and other records in relation to his area to be kept and shall prepare an annual statement of accounts in such form and containing such particulars as may be required by the Minister.

(2) Each licensing authority shall make to the Minister an annual report on his proceedings, containing particulars with respect to such matters as the Minister may direct

189. —(1) Subject to the consent of the Treasury as to number, the Minister may appoint such officers and servants as he considers necessary for the operation of the provisions of this Part of this Act.

(2) There shall be paid to licensing authorities and persons acting as officers or servants of a licensing authority, examiners, and any other officers or servants appointed for the purposes of this Part of this Act, such remuneration or salaries and such allowances, if any, as the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

(3) In every year there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament such sums as the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, direct in respect of—

(a) remuneration, salaries and allowances under the last foregoing subsection; and

(b) the establishment charges and other expenses of licensing authorities, examiners and any other officers or servants appointed by the Minister for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

190. —(1) The Minister may make regulations for any purpose for which regulations may be made under this Part of this Act or the Thirteenth Schedule thereto and for prescribing anything which may be prescribed under this Part of this Act and generally

Part IV

Power of licensing authority to hold inquiries.

Accounts and annual report of licensing authorities.

Appointment

and

remuneration of officers and servants.

Regulations for purposes of Part IV.

188

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV for the purpose of carrying this Part of this Act into effect and, in particular, hut without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this subsection, may make regulations with respect to any of the following matters—

(a) the forms to be used, and the particulars to be furnished,

for any of the purposes of thus Part of this Act;

(b) the procedure on applications for, and the determination

of questions in connection with, the grant, variation, suspension, revocation and curtailment of carriers’ licences, and on appeals to the Minister under this Part of this Act;

(c) the issue of carriers’ licences, and the issue of copies of

such licences in the case of licences lost or destroyed;

() the means by which vehicles are to be identified, whether

by plates, marks or otherwise, as being authorised vehicles;

(e) the custody of carriers' licences, the production, return

and cancellation of such licences on expiration, suspension, revocation or curtailment and the custody, production and return of documents and plates; and

(/) the notification to the licensing authority of vehicles which have ceased to be used under a carrier’s licence,

and different regulations may be made as respects different classes or descriptions of vehicles or as respects the same class or description of vehicles in different circumstances.

(2) The power conferred by the foregoing subsection to make regulations with respect to the means by which vehicles are to be identified as being authorised vehicles shall include power to require that any such means of identification prescribed for a vehicle shall be carried notwithstanding that for the time being the vehicle is not being used for a purpose for which a carrier’s licence is required.

Interpretation. 191.—<1) In this Part of this Act and the Thirteenth and of Part IV. Fourteenth Schedules thereto, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say,—

"authorised vehicle" means, in relation to a carrier’s licence, a vehicle authorised to be used thereunder, whether or not it is for the time being in use for a purpose for which a carrier’s licence is required and whether it is specified therein as so authorised or, being of a type so authorised subject to a maximum number, is in the possession of the holder of the licence under an agreement for hire or loan or, if a trailer, belongs to him or is in his possession under an agreement for hire-purchase, hire or loan;

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

189

M carriage of goods " includes the haulage of goods; Part IV

" driver* means, in relation to a trailer, the driver of the vehicle by which the trailer is drawn, and "drive* shall be construed accordingly;

" goods * includes goods or burden of any description;

"goods vehicle* means a motor vehicle constructed or adapted for use for the carriage of goods, or a trailer so constructed or adapted;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations;

" regulations * means regulations made under the last foregoing section;

"statutory attendant’’ means a person employed in pursuance of section seventy-two of this Act in attending a locomotive or attending to a trailer.

(2) Anything required or authorised by this Part of this Act to be done to or by a licensing authority by whom a carrier’s licence was granted may be done to or by any person for the time being acting as licensing authority for the area for which Ae first-mentioned authority was acting at the time of the granting of the licence.

Part V

Licensing of Drivers of Heavy Goods Vehicles

192.—(1) On and after the appointed day a person shall Drivers of neither drive a heavy goods vehicle on a road unless he is licensed hc?yy eo^s for the purpose under this Pant of this Act or is licensed under beUoras^ hut III of this Act to drive all types of smglodeck public service vehicles, nor employ a person who is not so licensed to drive a heavy goods vehicle on a road.

(2) If a person acts in contravention of the foregoing subsection he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not prevent a person who is not licensed as therein mentioned from acting, or being employed to act, as steersman of a heavy goods vehicle (being a vehicle on which a speed limit of five miles per hour or less is imposed by or under section twenty-four of this Act) under the orders of another person engaged in the driving of the vehicle who is licensed in that behalf in accordance with the requirements of Part II of this Act and this section.

190

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V (4) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to the driving of, or the employment of a person to drive, a vehicle in any case where the excise duty in respect of the vehicle under the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, is chargeable at the rate applicable to vehicles specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section four of that Act and the vehicle is being driven for one of the purposes for which if must be solely used if the duty is to remain chargeable at that rate.

Applications 193.—(1) The person who is the chairman of the traffic com-

" sranj missioners for any traffic area constituted for the purposes of velfici^g00dS HI of this Act or is the traffic commissioner for the Metro-driven* politan Traffic Area so constituted, including any person for the

licences. time being appointed by the Minister to act as deputy to the

chairman or commissioner, shall have the power and be charged with the duty of granting licences (in this Part of this Act referred to as " heavy goods vehicle drivers’ licences ") under this Part of this Act and is in this Part of this Act referred to as " the licensing authority", and an application for such a licence shall be made to the licensing authority of the traffic area in which the applicant for the licence resides.

(2) The licensing authority may require an applicant for a heavy goods vehicle driver’s licence to satisfy him as to the applicant’s competence to drive by subjection to a test, and to provide a vehicle for the purposes of the test

(3) A heavy goods vehicle driver’s licence may be limited to such class or classes of vehicles as may be specified in die licence; and for the purpose of enabling the licensing authority, where an applicant for such a licence is subjected to a test, to limit the licence to a class or classes of vehicles to which that test is appropriate, regulations may specify the class or classes of vehicles to which heavy goods vehicle drivers* licences may be limited under this subsection.

(4) A heavy goods vehicle driver’s licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force for three years from the date on which it is expressed to take effect, but may at any time be suspended or revoked by the licensing authority of the area in which it was granted on the ground that, by reason of his conduct as a driver of a motor vehicle or of physical disability, the holder is not a fit person to hold such a licence; and during any time of suspension such a licence shall be of no effect.

Power to 194.—(1) For the purpose of enabling an applicant to learn

issue heavy to drive a heavy goods vehicle with a view to passing a test under goods vehicle gu^tion (2) of the last foregoing section, the licensing autbo-ticences as rity may issue to him a heavy goods vehicle driver’s licence as a provisional provisional licence, licences.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

191

(2) A licence issued by virtue of this section shall be subject Part V to the prescribed conditions, and if the person to whom it is

issued fails to comply with any of the conditions he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of the last foregoing section, a licence issued by virtue of this section shall continue in force, unless previously revoked, for three months from the date on which it is expressed to take effect.

195.—(1) A person who, being the holder of, or an appli- Appeal against cant for, a heavy goods vehicle driver’s licence, feels aggrieved by refusal, sus-the refusal or failure of the licensing authority to grant, or by pension or the suspension or revocation of, such a licence, or by any limitation imposed thereon, may by notice in writing to the licensing vehidedrivw*s authority require him to reconsider the matter, and shall on a licence, reconsideration be entitled to be heard either personally or by his representative.

(2) A person who is so aggrieved as aforesaid, or who is dissatisfied with the decision of the licensing authority on reconsideration of the matter, may appeal—

(a) if he resides in England or Wales, to a magistrates*

court acting for the petty sessions area in which he resides,

(b) if he resides in Scotland, to the sheriff within whose juris-

diction he resides,

and on any such appeal the court or sheriff may make such order as it or he thinks fit and an order so made shall be binding on the licensing authority.

(3) Where the applicant for a heavy goods vehicle driver’s licence, who is at the date of his application the holder of such a licence (other than one issued as a provisional licence), appeals under this section on the ground of refusal or failure to grant the licence, the existing licence shall continue in force until the appeal has been disposed of notwithstanding that it would otherwise have expired.

196.—(1) There shall be charged by licensing authorities in Fees for heavy respect of the grant of heavy goods vehicle drivers* licences such goods vehicle fees as may be prescribed. \iixncL

(2) All fees received by licensing authorities in respect of the grant of such licences shall be paid into the Exchequer in such manner as the Treasury may direct

192

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part V Regulations for purposes of Part V.

Transitional provisions as to certain heavy goods vehicle drivers1 licences.

Interpretation of Part V.

Restriction on institution in England and Wales of proceedings under Part V.

197. Section one hundred and sixty of this Act shall apply in relation to this Part of this Act as it applies in relation to Part III thereof, as if references therein to the said Part III included references to this Part of this Act and as if references therein to drivers, and to classes, of public service vehicles included references to drivers, and to classes, of heavy goods vehicles.

198. The provisions of the Fifteenth Schedule to this Act shall have effect in connection with the coming into operation of section one hundred and ninety-two of this Act, and shall have effect notwithstanding anything in that section or in section one hundred and ninety4hree of this Act.

199. —(1) In this Part of this Act and the Fifteenth Schedule thereto, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say,—

" the appointed day " means such day as the Minister may by order appoint;

"heavy goods vehicle" means a vehicle of any of the following classes which is constructed or adapted for hauling or carrying goods or burden of any description, that is to say, a heavy locomotive, a light locomotive, a motor tractor, a heavy motor car and a motor car so constructed that a trailer may by partial superimposition be attached thereto in such a manner as to cause a substantial part of the weight of the trailer to be borne thereby;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations;

"regulations" means regulations made under section one hundred and sixty of this Act by virtue of section one hundred and ninety-seven thereof.

(2) The power to make an order conferred by the foregoing subsection shall be exercisable by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament and shall include power exercisable in the like manner to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent order.

200. Proceedings for an offence under this Part of this Act shall not, in England or Wales, be instituted except by or on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions or by a person authorised in that behalf by the traffic commissioners, a chief officer of police or the council of a county, county borough or county district.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

193

Part VI Third-Party Liabilities

Compulsory Insurance or Security against Third-Party Risks

201. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, Users of motor

it shall not be lawful for a person to use, or to cause or permit to *

any other person to use, a motor vehicle on a road unless there

is in force in relation to (he user of the vehicle by that person against or that other person, as the case may be, such a policy of third-party insurance or such a security in respect of third-party risks as risks, complies with the requirements of this Part of this Act

(2) If a person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(3) A person charged with using a motor vehicle in contravention of this section shall not be convicted if he proves that the vehicle did not belong to him and was not in his possession under a contract of hiring or of loan, that he was using the vehicle in the course of his employment and that he neither knew nor had reason to believe that there was not in force in relation to the vehicle such a policy of insurance or security as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(4) This Part of this Act shall not apply to invalid carriages.

202. —(1) The last foregoing section shall not apply to a Exceptions vehicle owned by a person who has deposited and keeps deposited from.

with the Accountant General of the Supreme Court for and on SSdSSJS1 of behalf of the Supreme Court the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, insurance or at a time when the vehicle is being driven under the owner’s security, control.

(2) The last foregoing section shall not apply—

(a) to a vehicle owned by the council of a county, county

borough or county district in England or Wales, the Common Council of the City of London, the council of a metropolitan borough, a county, town or district council in Scotland, or by a joint board or joint committee in England or Wales, or joint committee in Scotland, winch is so constituted as to include among its members representatives of any such council, at a time when the vehicle is being driven under the owner’s control;

(b) to a vehicle owned by a police authority or the Receiver

for the metropolitan police district, at a time when it is being driven under the owner’s control, or to a vehicle at a time when it is being driven for police

G

194

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VI

Requirements in respect of policies of insurance.

purposes by or under the direction of a police constable, or by a person employed by a police authority, or employed by the said Receiver; or

(c) to a vehicle at a time when k is being driven on a

journey to or from any place undertaken for salvage purposes pursuant to Part IX of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894;

() to the use of a vehicle for the purpose of its being furnished in pursuance of a direction under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section one hundred and sixty-six of the Army Act, 1955, or under the corresponding provision of the Air Force Act, 1955.

(3) In the application of this section to England and Wales "police authority" has the same meaning as in the Police Pensions Act, 1921, and in the application of this section to Scotland that expression has the same meaning as in the Police (Scotland) Act, 1956.

203.—(1) In order to comply with the requirements of this Part of this Act, a policy of insurance must satisfy the following conditions.

(2) The policy must be issued by an authorised insurer, that is to say, a person or body of persons carrying on motor vehicle insurance business in Great Britain.

(3) Subject to the following subsection, the policy—

(a) must insure such person, persons or classes of persons

as may be specified in the policy in respect of any liability which may be incurred by him or them in respect of the death of or bodily injury to any person caused by, or arising out of, the use of the vehicle on a road; and

(b) must also insure him or them in respect of any liabilky

which may be incurred by him or them under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to payment for emergency treatment.

(4) The policy shall not, by virtue of paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection, be required to cover—

(a) liability in respect of the death of, or bodily injury to,

persons being carried in or upon, or entering or getting on to or alighting from, the vehicle at the time of the occurrence of the event out of which the claims arise; or

(b) liability in respect of the death, arising out of and in the

course of his employment, of a person in the employment of a person insured by the policy or of bodily injury sustained by such a person arising out of and in the course of his employment; or

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

195

(c) any contractual liability:

Provided that paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not have effect in the case of a vehicle in which passengers are carried for hire or reward or by reason of or in pursuance of a contract of employment

204.—(1) In order to comply with the requirements of this Part of this Act a security must satisfy the following conditions.

(2) The security must be given either by an authorised insurer or by some body of persons which carries on in the United Kingdom the business of giving securities of a like kind and has deposited and keeps deposited with the Accountant General of the Supreme Court for and on behalf of the Supreme Court the sum of fifteen thousand pounds in respect of that business.

(3) The security must consist of an undertaking by the giver of the security to make good, subject to any conditions specified therein, and up to the amount—

(a) in the case of an undertaking relating to the use of

public service vehicles, of not less than twenty-five thousand pounds,

(b) in any other case, of not less than five thousand pounds,

any failure by the owner of the vehicle or such other persons or classes of persons as may be specified in the security duly to discharge any liability which may be incurred by him or them, being a liability required under the last foregoing section to be covered by a policy erf insurance.

265.—(1) A policy of insurance shall be of no effect for the purposes of this Part of this Act unless and until there is delivered by the insurer to the person by whom the policy is effected a certificate (in this Part of this Act referred to as a " certificate of insurance ") in the prescribed form and containing such particulars of any conditions subject to which the policy is issued and of any other matters as may be prescribed.

(2) A security shall be of no effect for the purposes of this Part erf this Act unless and until there is delivered by the person giving the security to the person to whom it is given a certificate (in this Part of tins Act referred to as a " certificate of security ") in the prescribed form and containing such particulars of any conditions subject to which the security is issued and of any other matters as may be prescribed.

(3) Different forms and different particulars may be prescribed for the purposes of subsection (1) or (2) of this section in relation to different cases or circumstances.

Part VI

Requirements in respect of securities.

Issue and surrender of certificates of insurance and of security.

196

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VI

Avoidance of certain exceptions to policies or securities.

(4) Where a certificate has been delivered under this section and the policy or security to which it relates is cancelled by mutual consent or by virtue of any provision in the policy or security, the person to whom the certificate was delivered shall, within seven days from the taking effect of the cancellation, surrender the certificate to the person by whom the policy was issued or the security was given or, if the certificate has been lost or destroyed, make a statutory declaration to that effect.

(5) A person who fails to comply with the last foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

206.—(1) Where a certificate of insurance or certificate of security has been delivered under the last foregoing section to the person by whom a policy has been effected or to whom a security has been given, so much of the policy or security as purports to restrict, as die case may be, the insurance of the persons insured by the policy or the operation of the security by (reference to any of the following matters, that is to say,—

(a) the age or physical or mental condition of persons

driving the vehicle, or

(b) the condition of the vehicle, or

(c) the number of persons that the vehicle carries, or

() the weight or physical characteristics of the goods that

the vehicle carries, or

(e) the times at which or the areas within which the vehicle

is used, or

if) the horsepower or cylinder capacity or value of the vehicle, or

(g) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular apparatus, or

(/i) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular means of identification other than any means of identification required to be carried by or under the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949,

shall, as respects such liabilities as are required to be covered by a policy under section two hundred and three of this Act, be of no effect:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall require an insurer or the giver of a security to pay any sum in respect of the liability of any person otherwise than in or towards the discharge of that liability, and any sum paid by an insurer or the giver of a security in or towards the discharge of any liability of any person which is covered by the policy or security by virtue only

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

197

of this subsection shall be recoverable by the insurer or giver Part VI of the security from that person.

(2) A condition in a policy or security issued or given for the purposes of this Part of this Act, providing that no liability shall arise under the policy or security, or that any liability so arising shall cease, in the event of some specified thing being done or omitted to be done after the happening of the event giving rise to a claim under the policy or security, shall be of no effect in connection with such liabilities as are required to be covered by a policy under section two hundred and three of this Act:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be taken to render void any provision in a policy or security requiring the person insured or secured to pay to the insurer or the giver of the security any sums which the latter may have become liable to pay under the policy or security and which have been applied to the satisfaction of the claims of third parties.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, a person issuing a policy of insurance under section two hundred and three of this Act shall be liable to indemnify the persons or classes of persons specified in the policy in respect of any liability which the policy purports to cover in the case of those persons or classes of persons.

207.—(1) If, after a certificate of insurance or certificate of Duty of security has been delivered under section two hundred and or

five of this Act to the person by whom a policy has been effected or to whom a security has been given, judgment in respect of to satisfy any such liability as is required to be covered by a policy of judgments insurance under section two hundred and three of this Act against persons (being a liability covered by the terms of the policy or security °* . to which the certificate relates) is obtained against any person third^ar!^ who is insured by the policy or whose liability is covered by the risks, security, as the case may be, then, notwithstanding that the insurer may be entitled to avoid or cancel, or may have avoided or cancelled, the policy or security, he shall, subject to the provisions of this section, pay to the persons entitled to the benefit of the judgment any sum payable thereunder in respect of the liability, including any amount payable in respect of costs and any sum payable in respect of interest on that sum by virtue of any enactment relating to interest on judgments.

(2) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under the foregoing provisions of this section—

(a) in respect of any judgment, unless before or within seven days after the commencement of the proceedings in which the judgment was given, the insurer had notice of the bringing of the proceedings; or

198

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VI (6) in respect of any judgment, so long as execution thereon

is stayed pending an appeal; or

(c) in connection with any liability, if before the happening of the event which was the cause of the death or bodily injury giving rise to the liability, the policy or security was cancelled by mutual consent or by virtue of any provision contained therein, and either—

(i) before the happening of the said event the certificate was surrendered to the insurer, or the person to whom the certificate was delivered made a statutory declaration stating that the certificate had been lost or destroyed, or

(ii) after the happening of the said event, but before the expiration of a period of fourteen days from the taking effect of the cancellation of the policy or security, the certificate was surrendered to the insurer, or the person to whom it was delivered made such a statutory declaration as aforesaid; or

(iii) either before or after the happening of the said event, but within the said period of fourteen days, the insurer has commenced proceedings under this Act in respect of the failure to surrender the certificate.

(3) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under the foregoing provisions of this section if, in an action commenced before, or within three months after, the commencement of the proceedings in which the judgment was given, he has obtained a declaration that, apart from any provision contained in the policy or security, he is entitled to avoid it on the ground that it was obtained by the non-disclosure of a material fact, or by a representation of fact which was false in some material particular, or, if he has avoided the policy or security on that ground, that he was entitled so to do apart from any provision contained in it:

Provided that an insurer who has obtained such a declaration as aforesaid in an action shall not thereby become entitled to the benefit of this subsection as respects any judgment obtained in proceedings commenced before the commencement of that action unless before, or within seven days after, the commencement of that action he has given notice thereof to the person who is the plaintiff in the said proceedings specifying the nondisclosure or false representation on which he proposes to rely; and a person to whom notice of such an action is so given shall be entitled, if he thinks fit, to be made a party thereto.

(4) If the amount which an insurer becomes liable under this section to pay in respect of a liability of a person who is insured by a policy or whose liability is covered by a security exceeds the amount for which he would, apart from the provisions of this section, be liable under the policy or security in respect of that

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

199

I960

liability, he shall be entitled to recover the excess from that Part vi person.

(5) In this section—

(a) " insurer " includes a person giving a security;

(b) 44 material " means of such a nature as to influence the judgment of a prudent insurer in determining whether he will take the risk and, if so, at what premium and on what conditions; and

(c) 44 liability covered by the terms of the policy or security "

means a liability which is covered by the policy or security or which would be so covered but for the fact that the insurer is entitled to avoid or cancel, or has avoided or cancelled, the policy or security.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland, the words "by virtue of any enactment relating to interest on judgments " in subsection (1) shall be omitted and for the reference in the proviso to subsection (3) to a plaintiff there shall be substituted a reference to a pursuer.

2WL—<1) Where, after a certificate of insurance or certificate Bankruptcy, of security has been delivered under section two hundred and &c., of iMured five of this Act to the person by whom a policy has been effected or to whom a security has been given, any of the following a^daims events happens, that is to say,— by third

(a) the person by whom the policy was effected or to whom parties-

the security was given becomes bankrupt or makes a composition or arrangement with his creditors;

(b) the said person dies, and an order is made under section one hundred and thirty of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, for the administration of his estate according to the law of bankruptcy;

(c) if the said person is a company, a winding-up order is

made with respect to the company or a resolution for a voluntary winding up is passed with respect thereto, or a receiver or manager of the company’s business or undertaking is duly appointed or possession is taken, by or on behalf of the holders of any debentures secured by a floating charge, of any property comprised in or subject to the charge, the happening of that event shall, notwithstanding anything in the Third Parties (Rights Against Insurers) Act, 1930, not affect any such liability of the said person as is required to be covered by a policy of insurance under section two hundred and three of this Act, but nothing in this subsection shall affect any rights conferred by that Act on the person to whom the liability was Incurred, being rights so conferred against the person by whom the policy was issued or the security was given.

200

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VI

Duty to give information i to insurance or security where claim made.

Deposits.

(2) In the application of this section to Scotland " company " includes a limited partnership, and the reference to an order’s being made under section one hundred and thirty of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, for the administration of a person’s estate according to the law of bankruptcy shall be deemed to include a reference to an award’s being made of sequestration of his estate and a reference to an appointment’s being made under section one hundred and sixty-three of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913, of a judicial factor to administer his estate.

209. —(1) A person against whom a claim is made in respect of any such liability as is required to be covered by a policy of insurance under section two hundred and three of this Act shall, on demand by or on behalf of the person making the claim—

(a) state whether or not, in respect of that liability, he was

insured by a policy having effect for the purposes of this Part of this Act or had in force a security having effect for those purposes, or would have been so insured or would have had in force such a security if the insurer or, as the case may be, the giver of the security had not avoided or cancelled the policy or security, and

(b) if he was or would have been so insured, or had or would

have had in force such a security, give such particulars with respect to that policy or security as were specified in the certificate of insurance or security delivered in respect of that policy or security, as the case may be, under section two hundred and five of this Act.

(2) If, without reasonable excuse, a person fails to comply with the provisions of the foregoing subsection, or wilfully makes a false statement in reply to any such demand as aforesaid, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

210. —(1) Where a person has deposited a sum with the Accountant General of the Supreme Court under section two hundred and two or two hundred and four of this Act, then so long as any liabilities incurred by him, being such liabilities as are required to be covered by a policy of insurance under section two hundred and three of this Act, have not been discharged or otherwise provided for no part of that sum shall be applicable in discharge of any other liabilities incurred by him.

(2) Any regulations made, or having effect as if made, by the Board of Trade under section twenty of the Insurance Companies Act, 1958, which apply to deposits made by insurers carrying on motor vehicle insurance business shall, with such necessary modifications and adaptations as, after consultation with the

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

201

Lord Chancellor, may be prescribed, apply to deposits made with the said Accountant General under section two hundred and two or two hundred and four of this Act; and there may, after such consultation as aforesaid, be made by regulations with respect to the said deposits such provision as might be made by the Board of Trade under section twenty of the said Act of 1958 with respect to deposits under that Act had subsection (2) of that section been omitted therefrom.

211. Provision may be made by regulations under section twenty-five of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, for requiring a person applying for a licence under that Act in respect of a motor vehicle to produce such evidence as may be prescribed that either—

(a) on the date when the licence comes into operation there

will be in force the necessary policy of insurance or the necessary security in relation to the user of the vehicle by the applicant or by other persons on his order or with his permission; or

(b) the vehicle is a vehicle to which section two hundred and

one of this Act does not apply at a time when it is being driven under the owner’s control.

Payments for Treatment of traffic Casualties

212. —(1) Where a payment, other than a payment under the next following section, is made (whether or not with an admission of liability)—

(a) by an authorised insurer, the payment being made under

or in consequence of a policy issued under section two hundred and three of this Act, or

(b) by the owner of a vehicle in relation to the user of which a security under this Part of this Act is in force, or

(c) by the owner of a vehicle who has made a deposit under

this Part of this Act,

in respect of the death of, or bodily injury to, any person arising out of the use of a motor vehicle on a road or in a place to which the public have a right of access, and the person who has so died or been bodily injured has to the knowledge of the insurer or owner, as the case may be, received treatment at a hospital, whether as an in-patient or as an out-patient, in respect of the injury so arising, the insurer or owner shall pay the expenses reasonably incurred by the hospital in affording the treatment, after deducting from the expenses any moneys actually received in payment of a specific charge for the treatment, not being moneys received under any contributory scheme:

Provided that the amount to be paid shall not exceed fifty pounds for each person treated as an in-patient, or five pounds for each person treated as an out-patient.

G*

Part VI

Power to require evidence of insurance or security on application for vehicle excise licence.

Payment for hospital treatment of traffic casualties.

202

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VI (2) For the purposes of this section " expenses reasonably incurred " means—

(a) in relation to a person who receives treatment at a

hospital as an in-patient, an amount for each day he is maintained in the hospital representing the average daily cost, for each in-patient, of the maintenance of the hospital and the staff thereof and the maintenance and treatment of the in-patients therein; and

(b) in relation to a person who receives treatment at a hospital as an out-patient, reasonable expenses actually incurred.

Payment for 213.—(1) Where medical or surgical treatment or examination

emergency is immediately required as a result of bodily injury (including

* fatal injury) to a person caused by, or arising out of, the use

casualties. a motor vehicle on a road, and the treatment or examination

so required (in this Part of this Act referred to as " emergency treatment ") is effected by a legally qualified medical practitioner, the person who was using the vehicle at the time of the event out of which the bodily injury arose shall, on a claim’s being made in accordance with the provisions of the next following section, pay to the practitioner, or, where emergency treatment is effected by more than one practitioner, to the practitioner by whom it is first effected—

(a) a fee of twelve shillings and sixpence in respect of each

person in whose case the emergency treatment is effected by him; and

(b) a sum, in respect of any distance in excess of two miles

which he must cover in order to proceed from the place whence he is summoned to the place where the emergency treatment is carried out by him and to return to the first-mentioned place, equal to sixpence for every complete mile and additional part of a mile of that distance.

(2) Where emergency treatment is first effected in a hospital, the provisions of the foregoing subsection with respect to payment of a fee shall, so far as applicable, but subject (as regards the recipient of a payment) to the provisions of the next following section, have effect with the substitution of references to the hospital for references to a legally qualified medical practitioner.

(3) Liability incurred under this section by the person using a vehicle shall, where the event out of which it arose was caused by die wrongful act of another person, be treated for the purposes of any claim to recover damage by reason of that wrongful act as damage sustained by the person using the vehicle.

Supplemental provisions as to payments for treatment.

214.—(1) A payment falling to be made under either of the two last foregoing sections in respect of treatment in a hospital shall be made—

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

(a) in the case of a hospital vested in the Minister of Health for the purposes of the National Health Service Act, 1946, not being a teaching hospital (within the meaning of that Act), to the Regional Hospital Board for the area where the hospital is situated,

(b) in the case of such a teaching hospital, to the Board of Governors of the hospital,

(c) in the case of a hospital vested in the Secretary of State,

to the Secretary of State or on his behalf to any Regional Hospital Board or Board of Management authorised by him for the purpose,

() in the case of any other hospital, to the hospital.

(2) A claim for a payment under the last foregoing section may be made at the time when the emergency treatment is effected, by oral request to the person who was using the vehicle, and if not so made must be made by request in writing served on him within seven days from the day on which the emergency treatment was effected; and any such request in writing—

(a) must be signed by the claimant or in the case of a hospital, by an executive officer of the Board or hospital claiming the payment or by an officer of the Secretary of State, must state the name and address of the claimant, the circumstances in which the emergency treatment was effected, and that it was first effected by the claimant or, in the case of a hospital, in the hospital,

(b) may be served by delivering it to the person who was

using the vehicle or by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to him at his usual or last-known address.

(3) A sum payable under the last foregoing section shall be recoverable as if it were a simple contract debt due from the person who was using the vehicle to the practitioner. Board or hospital, or the Secretary of State.

(4) A payment made under the last foregoing section shall operate as a discharge, to the extent of the amount paid, of any liability of the person who was using the vehicle, or of any other person, to pay any sum in respect of the expenses or remuneration of the practitioner or hospital concerned of or for effecting the emergency treatment.

(5) A chief officer of police shall, if so requested by a person who alleges that he is entitled to claim a payment under the last foregoing section, furnish to that person any information at the disposal of the chief officer as to the identification marks of any motor vehicle which that person alleges to be a vehicle out of the use of which the bodily injury arose and as to the identity and address of the person who was using the vehicle at the time of the event out of which it arose.

G* 2

Part

204

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VI Supplementary

Regulations 215. The Minister may make regulations for any purpose for purposes of for which regulations may be made under this Part of this Act Part Vh and for prescribing anything which may be prescribed under this Part of this Act and generally for the purpose of carrying this Part of this Act into effect, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, may make regulations—

(a) as to the forms to be used for the purposes of this Part

of this Act;

(b) as to applications for and the issue of certificates of

insurance and certificates of security and any other documents which may be prescribed, and as to the keeping of records of documents and the furnishing of particulars thereof or the giving of information with respect thereto to the Minister or a chief officer of police;

(c) as to the issue of copies of any such certificates or other

documents which are lost or destroyed;

() as to the custody, production, cancellation and surrender of any such certificates or other documents;

(e) for providing that any provisions of this Part of this Act

shall, in relation to vehicles brought into Great Britain by persons making only a temporary stay therein, have effect subject to such modifications and adaptations as may be prescribed.

Interpretation 216.—(1) In this Part of this Act, except where the context

of Part VI. otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say,—

" authorised insurer " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section two hundred and three of this Act;

"hospital" means an institution, not being an institution carried on for profit, which provides medical or surgical treatment for in-patients;

" policy of insurance " includes a covering note;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations;

" regulations " means regulations made under the last foregoing section;

" under the owner’s control " means, in relation to a vehicle, that it is being driven by the owner or by a servant of the owner in the course of his employment or is otherwise subject to the control of the owner.

(2) In any provision of this Part of this Act relating to the surrender, or the loss or destruction, of a certificate of insurance

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

205

or certificate of security, references to such a certificate shall, in Part VI relation to policies or securities under which more than one certificate is issued, be construed as references to all the certificates and shall, where any copy has been issued of any certificate, be construed as including a reference to that copy.

Part VII Miscellaneous and General

Penalisation of taking motor Vehicle without Authority

217. —(1) A person who takes and drives away a motor Penalisation of

vehicle without having either the consent of the owner thereof taking motor or other lawful authority shall (subject to the next following ^hmit subsection) be liable— authority.

(a) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months or to both such fine and such imprisonment;

(b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty

pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(2) If on proceedings under this section on indictment the jury, or on summary proceedings under this section the court, are satisfied that the accused acted in the reasonable belief that he had lawful authority, or in the reasonable belief that the owner would, in the circumstances of the case, have given his consent if he had been asked therefor, the accused shall not be liable to be convicted of the offence.

(3) If on the trial of an indictment for stealing a motor vehicle the jury are of the opinion that the defendant was not guilty of stealing the motor vehicle but was guilty of an offence under this section, the jury may find him guilty of an offence under this section and thereupon he shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

(4) A police constable may arrest without warrant a person reasonably suspected by him of having committed or of attempting to commit an offence under this section.

Ancillary Provisions for preventing, or mitigating Effects of. Accidents

218. If, while a motor vehicle is on a road or on a parking Penalisation of place provided by a local authority, a person otherwise than with tampering lawful authority or reasonable cause gets on to the vehicle or motor tampers with the brake or other part of its mechanism, he shallveiucIes*

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

206

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VII

Penalisation of holding or getting on to vehicle in order to be towed or carried.

Control of dogs on roads.

Protective helmets for motor cyclists.

219. If a person otherwise than with lawful authority or reasonable cause takes or retains hold of, or gets on to, a motor vehicle or trailer while in motion on a road, for the purpose of being drawn or carried, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

220. —(1) A person who causes or permits a dog to be on a designated road without the dog being held on a lead shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) In this section " designated road " means a length of road specified by an order in that behalf of the local authority in whose area the length of road is situated.

(3) An order under this section may provide that subsection

(I) thereof shall apply subject to such limitations or exceptions as may be specified in the order, and (without prejudice to the generality of this subsection) the said subsection (1) shall not apply to dogs proved to be kept for driving or tending sheep or cattle in the course of a trade or business, or to have been at the material time in use under proper control for sporting purposes.

(4) An order under this section shall not be made except after consultation with the chief officer of police, and shall not have effect unless confirmed by the appropriate Minister; and subsections (3) to (8) of section two hundred and fifty of the Local Government Act, 1933, or in Scotland subsections (4), (5), (7) and

(II) to (13) of section three hundred and one of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall apply to orders under this section and the confirmation thereof as they apply to byelaws and the confirmation thereof.

(5) In England or Wales a local authority may institute proceedings for an offence under this section relating to a road in their area.

(6) In this section " local authority " means the council of a county borough or county district, the Common Council of the City of London or the council of a metropolitan borough, or in Scotland a county council or a town council.

(7) The power conferred by this section to make an order shall include power, exercisable in like manner and subject to the like provisions, to vary or revoke it.

221. —(1) The Minister may make regulations prescribing (by reference to shape, construction or any other quality) types of helmet recommended as affording protection to persons on or in motor cycles, or motor cycles of different classes or descriptions, from injury in the event of accident

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

207

(2) If a person sells, or offers for sale, a helmet as a helmet Part VII for affording protection as aforesaid, and the helmet is neither—

(a) of a type prescribed under this section, nor (b) of a type authorised under regulations made under this section and sold or offered for sale subject to any conditions specified in the authorisation, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment:

Provided that a person shall not be convicted of an offence under this section m respect of the sale or offer for sale of a helmet if he proves that it was sold or, as the case may be, offered for sale for export from Great Britain.

(3) In England or Wales the council of a county, of a borough or of an urban district or the Common Council of the City of London may institute proceedings for an offence under this section.

(4) The provisions of the Sixteenth Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to contraventions of this section.

(5) In this section and in the said Schedule " helmet " includes any head-dress, and references in this section to selling or offering for sale include respectively references to letting on hire and offering to let on hire.

222. —(1) A motor vehicle shall not be driven on or over the Control of Menai bridge except in accordance with and subject to any restrictions contained in regulations made by the Minister. Menai bridge.

(2) Different regulations may be made under this section as respects different classes or descriptions of vehicles or as respects the same class or description of vehicles in different circumstances.

(3) A person who acts in contravention of subsection (1) of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

Power of Police to stop Vehicles, and Weighing of Vehicles

223. A person driving a motor vehicle on a road and a Power of(poliee person riding on a road a bicycle or tricycle, not being a motor

vehicle, shall stop the same on being so required by a police constable in uniform, and if he fails so to do shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

224. —(1) Subject to any regulations made by the appropriate Weighing of Minister, it shall be lawful for a person authorised by a highway motor vehicles

208

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VII authority, or for a police constable authorised on behalf of a highway authority by a police authority or a chief officer of police, on production of his authority, to require the person in charge of a motor vehicle to allow the vehicle or any trailer drawn thereby to be weighed, either laden or unladen, and the weight transmitted to the road by any parts of the vehicle or trailer in contact with the road to be tested, and for that purpose to proceed to a weighbridge or other machine for weighing vehicles; and if a person in charge of a motor vehicle refuses or neglects to comply with any such requirement, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months:

Provided that it shall not be lawful for a person or police constable so authorised to require the person in charge of the motor vehicle to unload the vehicle or trailer, or to cause or allow it to be unloaded, for the purpose of its being weighed unladen.

(2) If at the time when the requirement is made the vehicle is more than one mile from the weighbridge or other machine, and the weight is found to be within the limits authorised by law the highway authority on whose behalf the requirement is made shall pay, in respect of loss occasioned, such amount as in default of agreement may be determined by a single arbitrator agreed upon by the parties, or in default of agreement appointed by the Minister or, where the requirement is made in Scotland, by the Secretary of State.

(3) Where a motor vehicle or trailer is weighed under this section, a certificate of weight shall be given to the person in charge of the vehicle, and the certificate so given shall exempt the motor vehicle and the trailer, if any, from being weighed so long as it is during the continuance of the same journey carrying the same load.

(4) A certifying officer appointed under Part III of this Act or an examiner appointed under Part IV thereof may at any time, on production of his authority, exercise with respect to the weighing of goods vehicles (within the meaning of the said Part IV) all such powers as are under the foregoing provisions of this section exercisable by a police constable authorised as therein mentioned with respect to die weighing of motor vehicles and trailers, and the said provisions shall apply accordingly with the substitution, in subsection (2), for references to the highway authority on whose behalf the requirement is made, the Minister and the Secretary of State, of references respectively to the Minister, the Lord Chief Justice of England and the Lord President of the Court of Session.

(5) In the application of this section to England and Wales "police authority" has the same meaning as in the Police

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

209

Pensions Act, 1921, and in the application of this section to Scotland that expression has the same meaning as in the Police (Scotland) Act, 1956.

Part VII

Production of Documents and Furnishing of Information.

225.—(1) Any such person as follows, that is to say,— Power of police

(a) a person driving a motor vehicle on a road, or require

(b) a person whom a police constable has reasonable cause production

to believe to have been the driver of a motor vehicle of driving at a time when an accident occurred owing to its licences, presence on a road, or

(c) a person whom a police constable has reasonable

cause to believe to have committed an offence in relation to the use of a motor vehicle on a road, or

() a person who accompanies the holder of a provisional

licence granted under section one hundred and two of this Act while the holder is driving a motor vehicle on a road or whom a police constable has reasonable cause to believe to have accompanied the holder of such a licence while driving at a time when an accident occurred owing to the presence of the vehicle on a road or at a time when an offence is suspected of having been committed by the said holder in relation to the use of the vehicle on a road, shall, on being so required by a police constable, produce for examination hts licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under Part II of this Act, so as to enable the constable to ascertain the name and address of the holder of the licence, the date of issue, and the authority by which it was issued.

(2) Where a licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under Part 11 of this Act has been revoked by a licensing authority under subsection (6) of section one hundred thereof then if the holder of the licence fails to deliver it to that authority for cancellation as required by that subsection a police constable may require him to produce it, and upon its being produced may seize it and deliver it for cancellation to the licensing authority who revoked it.

(3) Where a police constable has reasonable cause to believe that the person to whom a licence to drive a motor vehicle has been granted under Part II of this Act, or any other person, has knowingly made a false statement for the purpose of obtaining the grant of the licence the constable may require the holder of the licence to produce it to him.

(4) If a person required under the foregoing provisions of this section to produce a licence to a police constable fails to do so he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds:

210

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part vn Provided that if within five days after the production of his licence was so required he produces the licence in person at such police station as may have been specified by him at the time its production was required, he shall not be convicted of an offence under this subsection.

Power of police constables to obtain names and addresses, of drivers, and others, and to require production of evidence of insurance or security and test certificates.

226.—(1) Any such person as follows, that is to say,—

(a) a person driving on a road a motor vehicle (other than

an invalid carriage);

(b) a person whom a police constable has reasonable cause

to believe to have been the driver of a motor vehicle (other than an invalid carriage) at a time when an accident occurred owing to its presence on a road; or

(c) a person whom a police constable has reasonable cause

to believe to have committed an offence in relation to the use on a road of a motor vehicle (other than an invalid carriage), shall, on being so required by a police constable, give his name and address and the name and address of the owner of the

vehicle and produce for examination—

(i) the relevant certificate of insurance or certificate of

security within the meaning of Part VI of this Act, or such other evidence that the vehicle is not or was not being driven in contravention of section two hundred and one thereof as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, and

(ii) in relation to a vehicle to which section sixty-six of this

Act applies, a test certificate issued in respect thereof as mentioned in subsection (1) of that section.

and if he fails to do so he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months:

Provided that a person shall not be convicted of an offence under this subsection by reason only of failure to produce any certificate or other evidence to a constable if, within five days after the date on which the production of the certificate or other evidence was required, he produces the same in person at such police station as may have been specified by him at the time when its production was required.

(2) A person who accompanies the holder of a provisional licence granted under section one hundred and two of this Act while the holder is driving on a road a motor vehicle (other than an invalid carriage) or whom a police constable has reasonable cause to believe to have accompanied the holder of such a licence while driving at a time when an accident occurred owing to the presence of the vehicle on a road or at a time when an offence is suspected of having been committed by the

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

211

said holder in relation to the use of the vehicle on a road shall. Part VII

on being so required by a police constable, give his name and

address and the name and address of the owner of the vehicle,

and if he fails to do so he shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second

or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds

or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(3) Where a person convicted of an offence under either of the two foregoing subsections has been previously convicted of an offence under the other of them, he shall be treated for the purposes of the subsection under which be is convicted as having been previously convicted thereunder.

227*—(1) A certifying officer appointed under Part III of this Powers oi Act or an examiner appointed under Part IV thereof may at any ratifying time, on production if so required of his authority, require the person in charge of any goods vehicle (within the meaning of po^ the said Part IV) to produce, and permit him to inspect and copy, constables as any document which by or by regulations made under the said respects goods Part IV is required to be carried on, or by the driver of, the vehicles, vehicle, and for that purpose may detain the vehicle for such time as is required for the inspection and copying; and if a person, when required by such a certifying officer or examiner as aforesaid so to do, fails to produce to the officer or examiner any such document as aforesaid, or to permit him to inspect or copy any such document, that person shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to a police constable as they apply in relation to an examiner, except that it shall not be necessary for a police constable wearing uniform to produce any authority.

(3) A certifying officer appointed under Part III of this Act or an examiner appointed under Part IV thereof may at any time, on production if so required of his authority, exercise in the case of goods vehicles (within the meaning of the said Part IV) all such powers as are, under subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-five of this Act or under the last foregoing section, exercisable by a police constable.

228.—(1) Any such person as the following, namely— Penalisation of

(a) the driver of a motor vehicle who is alleged to have failure to give

committed an offence against subsection (1) of section address*1 and two of this Act or subsection (1) of section three power of thereof; or arrest, in case

(b) the rider of a bicycle or tricycle who is alleged to have of

committed an offence against section nine of this Act driving or or subsection (1) of section ten thereof; cycling.

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

212

Part VD

Pedestrians to give names and addresses in certain cases.

Duty of driver, in case of accident involving injury to another, to produce evidence of insurance or security or to report accident.

CH. 16

who refuses, on being so required by any person having reasonable ground for so requiring, to give Ms name or address, or gives a false name or address, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(2) A police constable may—

(a) arrest without warrant the driver of a motor veMcle who

within his view commits an offence against subsection

(1) of section two of this Act or subsection (1) of section three thereof unless the driver either gives Ms name and address or produces for examination his licence to drive a motor veMcle granted under Part II of this Act;

(b) arrest without warrant the rider of a bicycle or tricycle

who within his view commits an offence against section nine of this Act or subsection (1) of section ten thereof unless the rider gives his name and address.

229. A constable may require a person committing an offence against section fifteen of tMs Act to give Ms name and address, and if that person fails to do so he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

230. —(1) If in a case where, owing to the presence on a road of a motor veMcle (other than an invalid carriage) an accident occurs involving personal injury to another person, the driver of the veMcle does not at the time produce to a police constable or some person who, having reasonable grounds for so doing, has required its production, such a certificate of insurance or security, or other evidence, as is mentioned in paragraph (i) of subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-six of this Act, the driver shall as soon as possible, and in any case within twenty-four hours of the occurrence of the accident, report the accident at a police station or to a police constable and thereupon produce such a certificate or other evidence as aforesaid, and if he fails to do so he shall (subject to the following subsection) be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(2) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under the foregoing subsection by reason only of a failure to produce a certificate or other evidence if, witMn five days after the occurrence of the accident, he produces the same in person at such police station as may be specified by him at the time when the accident was reported.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

213

23L—(1) It shah be the duty of the owner of a motor vehicle Part vn to give such information as he may be required by or on behalf Duty of of a chief officer of police to give for the purpose of determining °^5L°Ain?tor whether the vehicle was or was not being driven in contravention of section two hundred and one of this Act on any occasion for verifying when the driver was required under subsection (1) of section compliance two hundred and twenty-six of this Act or the last foregoing with require-section to produce such a certificate of insurance or security, ™^Staorv or other evidence, as is mentioned in paragraph (i) of the said subsection (1). security.

(2) A person who fails to comply with the requirement of the foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

232.—(1) This section applies— Putytoaira

(a) to any offence under Part I, II or III of this Act, to identity *

except an offence against subsection (5) of section of driver, Ac., forty-one, subsection (4) of section sixty-seven or sub- i® certain section (9) of section eighty-one (in its application to case8*

England and Wales);

(b) to any offence under subsection (1) of section one

hundred and sixty-four or subsection (5) of section one hundred and eighty-four of this Act;

(c) to any offence under Part V or VI of this Act or the

foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act;

(d) to any offence under the Road Transport Lighting Act,

1957; and

(e) to offences against any other enactment relating to the use of vehicles on roads.

(2) Where the driver of a vehicle is alleged to be guilty of an offence to which this section applies—

(a) the owner of the vehicle shall give such information as

to the identity of the driver as he may be required to give—

(i) by or on behalf of a chief officer of police, or

(ii) in the case of an offence against section eighty-eight of this Act, by or on behalf of a chief officer of police or, in writing, by or on behalf of the local authority for the parking place in question; and

(b) any other person shall if required as aforesaid give any

information which it is in his power to give and may lead to the identification of the driver.

In this subsection references to the driver of a vehicle include references to the person riding a bicycle or tricycle (not being a motor vehicle).

214

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VH (3) A person who fails to comply with the requirement of paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection shall be guilty of an offence unless he shows to the satisfaction of the court that he did not know and could not with reasonable diligence have ascertained who the driver of the vehicle or, as the case may be, the rider of the bicycle or tricycle, was, and a person who fails to comply with the requirement of paragraph ( ) of that subsection shall be guilty of an offence; and a person guilty of an offence under this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

Forgery, false &c.

Forgery of 233,—(1) This section applies to the following documents and

documents, &c. Qf^e,T things, namely,—

(a) any licence under any Part of this Act;

(b) any test certificate;

(c) any document, plate or mark by which, in pursuance

of regulations made under Part IV of this Act, a vehicle is to be identified as being an authorised vehicle within the meaning of the said Part IV;

(d) any document evidencing the appointment of an examiner or other officer for the purposes of Part IV of this Act;

(e) any certificate of insurance or certificate of security

under Part VI of this Act;

(f) any document issued under regulations made by the Minister in pursuance of his power under paragraph (i) of subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-six of this Act to prescribe evidence which may be produced in lieu of a certificate of insurance or a certificate of security.

(2) A person shall be guilty of an offence who, with intent to deceive,—

(a) forges or alters, or uses or lends to, or allows to be used by, any other person, a document or other thing to which this section applies, or

(b) makes or has in his possession any document or other thing so closely resembling a document or other thing to which this section applies as to be calculated to deceive.

In the application of this subsection to England and Wales, " forges " means forges within the meaning of the Forgery Act, 1913.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

215

01 A person guilty of an of Eence under the last foregoing wheecdon shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding two years;

(b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

234. A person who, with intent to deceive, alters an entry made in a record under section one hundred and eighty-six of this Act or paragraph 14 of the Twelfth Schedule thereto shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years;

(b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

235. —(1) A person shall be guilty of an offence who knowingly makes a false statement for the purpose—

(a) of obtaining the grant of a licence under any Part of

this Act to himself or any other person, or the variation of any such licence; or

(b) of preventing the grant or variation of any such licence;

or

(c) of procuring the imposition of a condition or limitation

in relation to any such licence.

(2) A person shall be guilty of an offence who makes a false statement or withholds any material information for the purpose of obtaining the issue—

(a) of a certificate of insurance or certificate of security

under Part VI of this Act; or

(b) of any document issued under regulations made by the Minister in pursuance of his power under paragraph (i) of subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-six of this Act to prescribe evidence which may be produced in lieu of a certificate of insurance or a certificate of security.

(3) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shafi be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both such fine and such imprisonment

236. If a person issues any such document as is referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section, or a test certificate, and the document or test certificate so issued

Part VD

Falsification of records.

False

statements and withholding material information.

Issue of false documents.

216

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VII

Power to adze articles with respect to which offences under sections 233 to 236 may have been committed.

is to his knowledge false in a material particular he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both such fine and such imprisonment

237.—(1) If a police constable has reasonable cause to believe that a document produced to him in pursuance of any of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act (other than a document produced by virtue of subsection (2) of section two hundred and twenty-seven) is a document in relation to which an offence has been committed under any of the four last foregoing sections, he may seize the document; and when a document is seized under this subsection, the person from whom it was taken shall, unless the document has been previously returned to him or he has been previously charged with an offence under any of those sections, be summoned before a magistrates* court to account for his possession of the said document and the court shall make such order respecting the disposal of the said document and award such costs as the justice of the case may require.

(2) If a police constable, a certifying officer appointed under Part III of this Act or an examiner appointed under Part IV thereof has reasonable cause to believe that a document or plate carried on a motor vehicle or by the driver thereof is a document or plate in relation to which an offence has been committed under any of the four last foregoing sections in so far as they apply—

(a) to carriers* licences under Part IV of this Act, or

(b) to documents or plates by which, in pursuance of regu-

lations made under Part IV of this Act, vehicles are to be identified as being authorised vehicles within the meaning of the said Part IV, or

(c) to documents evidencing the appointment of examiners

or other officers for the purposes of Part IV of this Act, or

() to records under section one hundred and eighty-six of this Act,

he may seize the document or plate; and when a document or plate is seized under this subsection, either the driver or the owner of the vehicle shall, if the document or plate is still detained and neither of them has previously been charged with an offence in (relation (thereto under any of the four last foregoing sections, be summoned before a magistrates* court to account for his possession of, or the presence on the vehicle of, the said document or plate and the court shall make such order respecting the disposal of the said document or plate and award such costs as the justice of the case may require.

For the purposes of this subsection the power to seize shall include power to detach from a vehicle.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

217

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland for any Part vn reference to a magistrates’ court there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff.

238. If a person with intent to deceive falsely represents Personation

himself to be, or to be employed by, a person authorised by of>or of the Minister for the purposes of section sixty-five of this Act he

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one authorised hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding examiner, three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

Penalty for Breach of Regulations and for Abetting,

Ac., Commission of Offences in Scotland

239. If a person acts in contravention of, or fails to comply Penalty for with, any regulations made by the Minister or the Secretary of brea?tiof State under this Act (other than regulations made under section regula om* twelve, thirty-four, forty-eight, forty-nine or sixty-five thereof)

and contravention thereof, or failure to comply therewith, is not made an offence under any other provision of this Act, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to such maximum penalty not exceeding a fine of twenty pounds as may be prescribed by the regulations.

240. —(1) A person who aids, abets, counsels, procures, or Penaltylfor incites any other person to commit an offence against the fore- aiding, going provisions of this Act (not being any of the offences men-

tioned in the next following subsection) shall be guilty of an offences in offence, and shall be liable on conviction to the same punishment Scotland, as might be imposed on conviction of the first-mentioned offence, except that a person who aids, abets, counsels, procures or incites any person employed by him to drive, or subject to his orders in driving, a motor vehicle on a road to commit such an offence as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section four of this Act shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) The offences referred to in the foregoing subsection are offences under the following provisions of this Act, namely, section one, subsection (2) of section six, subsection (1) of section twelve, section fifteen, section seventeen, section thirty-seven, subsection (5) of section forty, subsection (5) of section forty-one, subsection (2) of section forty-eight, subsection (6) of section forty-nine, subsection (1) of section sixty-six, subsection (4) of section sixty-seven, section eighty-eight, subsection (2) of section one hundred and forty-eight. Part IV, subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty, subsection (2) of section two hundred and twenty-one, section two hundred and twenty-seven, section two hundred and twenty-nine, section two hundred and thirty-four and section two hundred and thirty-eight, an offence under sub-

218

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VH

Restrictions on prosecutions for certain offences.

section (4) of section two hundred and twenty-five consisting in a contravention of subsection (2) or (3) of that section, an offence under subsection (2) of section two hundred and thirty-three in connection with a licence under Part IV of this Act or in connection with a document or other thing referred to in paragraph (c) or () of subsection (1) of that section, and an offence under subsection (1) of section two hundred and thirty-five in connection with a licence under Part IV of this Act

(3) This section shall extend only to Scotland and is without prejudice to the application of section thirty-one of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949, to the provisions referred to in the last foregoing subsection or to the subsequent provisions of this Act.

Legal Proceedings and Destination of Fines

241.—(1) This section applies to offences against any of the following provisions of this Act namely,—

(a) subsection (1) of section two,

(b) subsection (1) of section three,

(c) section nine,

(d) subsection (1) of section ten,

(e) subsection (1) of section fourteen,

(/) section sixteen,

(g) subsection (1) of section nineteen, and

(h) subsection (1) of section twenty-four.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, where a person is prosecuted for an offence to which this section applies he shall not be convicted unless either—

(a) he was warned at the time the offence was committed

that the question of prosecuting him for some one or other of the offences to which this section applies would be taken into consideration; or

(b) within fourteen days of the commission of the offence

a summons (or, in Scotland, a complaint) for the offence was served on him; or

(c) within the said fourteen days a notice of the intended

prosecution specifying the nature of the alleged offence and the time and place where it is alleged to have been committed, was—

(i) except in the case of an offence against section nine or subsection (1) of section ten, served on or sent by registered post to him or the person, if any, registered as the owner of the vehicle at the time of the commission of the offence;

(ii) in the said excepted case, served on or sent by registered post to him.

(3) The requirement of the last foregoing subsection shall in every case be deemed to have been complied with unless and until the contrary is proved.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

219

(4) Failure to comply with the requirement of subsection (2) Part vn of this section shall not be a bar to the conviction of the accused

in a case where the court is satisfied—

(a) that neither the name and address of the accused nor

the name and address of the registered owner, if any, could with reasonable diligence have been ascertained in time for a summons or, as the case may be, a complaint to be served or for a notice to be served or sent in compliance with the said requirement; or

(b) that the accused by his own conduct contributed to the failure.

(5) A person may be convicted of an offence against subsection (1) of section two of this Act by virtue of subsection (2) or (3) of that section notwithstanding that the requirement of subsection (2) of this section has not been satisfied as respects that offence.

(6) A person may be convicted of an offence against subsection (1) of section three of this Act notwithstanding that the requirement of subsection (2) of this section has not been satisfied as respects that offence whereto) the charge for the said offence has been preferred against

him by virtue of subsection (2) of (the said section three; and

(b) the said requirement has (been satisfied, or does not apply, as respects the alleged offence against subsection (1) of section two of this Act.

(7) A person may be convicted of an offence against subsection (1) of section ten of this Act notwithstanding that the requirement of subsection (2) of this section has not been satisfied as respects that offence where—

to) the charge for the said offence has been preferred against him by virtue of subsection (2) of the said section ten; and

(b) the said requirement has been satisfied, or does not apply, as respects the alleged offence against section nine of this Act.

242.—(1) In any proceedings in England or Wales for an Evidence by offence to which section two hundred and thirty-two of this Act certificate, applies a certificate in the prescribed form, purporting to be signed by a constable and certifying that a person specified in the certificate stated to the constable—

to) that a particular motor vehicle was being driven by, or belonged to, that person on a particular occasion; or

(b) that a particular motor vehicle belonged on a particular occasion to a firm in which that person also stated that he was at the time of the statement a partner; or

220

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VII (c) that a particular motor vehicle belonged on a particular

occasion to a corporation of which that person also stated that he was at the time of the statement a director, officer or employee,

shall be admissible as evidence for the purpose of determining by whom the vehicle was being driven, or to whom it belonged, as the case may be, on that occasion.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall be deemed to make a certificate admissible as evidence in proceedings for an offence except in a case where and to the like extent to which oral evidence to the like effect would have been admissible in those proceedings.

(3) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall be deemed to make a certificate admissible as evidence in proceedings for an offence—

(a) unless a copy thereof has, not less than seven days before

the hearing or trial, been served in the prescribed manner on the person charged with the offence; or

(b) if that person, not later than three days before the

hearing or trial or within such further time as the court may in special circumstances allow, serves a notice in the prescribed form and manner on the prosecutor requiring attendance at the trial of the person who signed the certificate.

(4) In this section "prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the Secretary of State by statutory instrument.

Proof, in summary proceedings, of identity of driver of vehicle.

243, Where on the summary trial in England or Wales of an information for an offence to which section two hundred and thirty-two of this Act applies—

(a) it is proved to the satisfaction of the court, on oath or in manner prescribed by rules made under section fifteen of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, that a requirement under subsection (2) of the said section two hundred and thirty-two to give information as to the identity of the driver of a particular vehicle on the particular occasion to which the information relates has been served on the accused by post; and

(b) a statement in writing is produced to the court purporting to be signed by the accused that the accused was the driver of that vehicle on that occasion,

the court may accept that statement as evidence that the accused was the driver of that vehicle on that occasion.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

221

244. Summary proceedings for an offence under section one Part vn hundred and ten, two hundred and one or two hundred and Time for thirty-three of this Act, an offence under section two hundred commencing and thirty-four thereof consisting in the alteration of an entry "^{7 made in a record under section one hundred and eighty-six for certain thereof, or an offence under section two hundred and thirty-five offences, or two hundred and thirty-six thereof may be brought—

(a) within a period of six months from the date of the com-

mission of the alleged offence, or

(b) within a period which exceeds neither three months from

the date on which it came to the knowledge of the prosecutor that the offence had been committed nor one year from the date of the commission of the offence,

whichever period is the longer.

245. —(1) An offence against the foregoing provisions of this Jurisdiction of Act committed in Scotland (not being any of the offences men-

tioned in the following subsection) for which the maximum jurisdiction in penalty that may be imposed does not exceed twenty pounds Scotland for may be prosecuted in any court of summary jurisdiction within certain the meaning of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954, offences, having jurisdiction in the place where the offence was committed.

(2) The offences referred to in the foregoing subsection are offences under the following provisions of this Act, namely subsection (1) of section twelve, section fifteen, section thirty-seven, subsection (2) of section forty-eight, subsection (1) of section sixty-six, subsection (4) of section sixty-seven, subsection (1) of section eighty-eight, subsection (2) of section one hundred and forty-eight, subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty, subsection (2) of section two hundred and twenty-one, and section two hundred and twenty-nine, and an offence under subsection

(4) of section two hundred and twenty-five consisting in a contravention of subsection (2) or (3) of that section.

246. - 41) A contravention occurring in Scotland of any of the in

foregoing provisions of this Act or of any regulations made ^SSdof1 thereunder (other than a contravention of the provisions men- certain tioned in the next following subsection or of regulations made summary thereunder) which is directed to be prosecuted summarily and offences, which, if it had been triable on indictment, could competently

have been libelled as an additional or alternative charge in an indictment charging a person with culpable homicide in respect of the driving or attempted driving or use of a motor vehicle, or with a contravention of section two or section six of this Act may, notwithstanding the direction aforesaid, be so libelled and may be tried accordingly.

(2) The contraventions referred to in the foregoing subsection are contraventions of the following provisions of this Act or of

222

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, i960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VII

Destination of fines.

regulations made thereunder, namely, section twelve, section fifteen, section seventeen, section thirty-seven, section forty-one, subsection (2) of section forty-eight, subsection (1) of section sixty-six, subsection (4) of section sixty-seven, section eighty-eight, section one hundred and forty-eight. Part IV, subsection

(1) of section two hundred and twenty, section two hundred and twenty-one, subsection (2) or (3) of section two hundred and twenty-five, section two hundred and twenty-seven, section two hundred and twenty-nine, subsection (1) of section two hundred and thirty-five in connection with a licence under Part IV of this Act, and section two hundred and thirty-eight.

(3) In this section any reference to a contravention of regulations includes a reference to a failure to comply with regulations.

247.—<1) All sums paid to the Secretary of State under section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, in respect of fines imposed in respect of offences under the foregoing provisions of this Act or the regulations made thereunder (except offences under subsection (5) of section thirty-three, subsection (2) of section forty-eight, subsection (6) of section forty-nine, subsection (9) of section eighty-one, subsection (7) of section one hundred and forty-one or subsection (2) of section one hundred and forty-eight or offences under regulations made under section thirty-four) shall be deemed to be Exchequer moneys within the meaning of the said section twenty-seven.

(2) All fines imposed in respect of offences under this Act of which the offenders have been convicted on indictment (except an offence under subsection (1) of section one or subsection (2) of section six or an offence under section two hundred and thirty-four consisting in die alteration of an entry made in a record under paragraph 14 of the Twelfth Schedule) shall be paid into the Exchequer in the same manner as penalties and forfeitures recovered under or in pursuance of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, and in accordance with such directions as may be contained with respect to such penalties and forfeitures in any Order in Council for the time being in force under that Act, and so shall all fines imposed in respect of offences committed in Sootland under the foregoing provisions of this Act, or the regulations made thereunder, being offences of which the offenders have been convicted otherwise than on indictment (except offences under the following provisions, namely, subsection (2) of section six, subsection (1) of section twelve, section fifteen, section seventeen, subsection (2) of section forty-eight, subsection (6) of section forty-nine, subsection (1) of section sixty-six, subsection (4) of section sixty-seven, section eighty-eight, subsection (2) of section one hundred and forty-eight, subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty, subsection (2) of section two hundred and twenty-one, section two

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

223

hundred and twenty-nine and section two hundred and thirty- Part VU eight, an offence under subsection (4) of section two hundred and twenty-five consisting in a contravention of subsection (2) or (3) of that section and an offence under section two hundred and thirty-four consisting in the alteration of an entry made in a record under paragraph 14 of the Twelfth Schedule).

Inquiries

248. Without prejudice to any other provision of this Act, General power

the Minister or the Secretary of State may hold inquiries for the J° h?¥ purposesofthis Act: mqmnes*

Provided that this section does not apply to any matter which under sections thirty to thirty-four of this Act falls to be considered by the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee.

249. —(1) Where under any of the provisions of this Act an General

inquiry is held by the Minister or the Secretary of State,— provisions as

(a) notice of the inquiry may be given and published inlo inquiries.

accordance with such general or special directions as the appropriate Minister may give;

(b) the appropriate Minister and, if authorised by him, the

person appointed to hold the inquiry, may by order require any person, subject to the payment or tender of the reasonable expenses of his attendance, to attend as a witness and give evidence or to produce any documents in his possession or power which relate to any matter in question at the inquiry, and are such as would be subject to production in a court of law;

(c) the person holding the inquiry shall have power to take

evidence on oath and for that purpose to administer oaths;

(d) the appropriate Minister may make such order as to the payment of the costs incurred by him in connection with the inquiry (including such reasonable sum not exceeding five guineas a day as he may determine for the services of any officer engaged in the inquiry) by such party to the inquiry as he thinks fit, and may certify the amount of the costs so incurred, and any amount so certified and directed by the appropriate Minister to be paid by any person shall be recoverable from that person, and shall be so recoverable, in England or Wales, either as a debt due to the Crown or by the Minister summarily as a civil debt, and in Scotland by the Secretary of State.

(2) If a person faffs without reasonable excuse to comply with any of the provisions of an order under paragraph (h) of

224

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VU

Application to the Crown.

the foregoing subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

Application to the Crown

250.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) Parts I and II of this Act, except sections thirty-four,

thirty-seven to forty-one (both inclusive), forty-eight to fifty (both inclusive), eighty-one and ninety-one, and

(b) sections two hundred and seventeen to two hundred and twenty-five (both inclusive), two hundred and twenty-eight, two hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred and thirty-eight and two hundred and forty-one of this Act,

shall apply to vehicles and persons in the public service of the Crown.

(2) Section two hundred and twenty-six of this Act, in so far as it provides for the production of test certificates and the giving of names and addresses, shall apply to a person in connection with a vehicle to which section sixty-six of this Act applies notwithstanding that he or the driver is or was at any material time in the public service of the Crown.

(3) Sections sixty-nine and seventy-three of this Act, and section ninety-seven thereof (in so far as it imposes restrictions on persons under twenty-one years of age with respect to the driving of heavy locomotives, light locomotives, motor tractors or heavy motor cars) shall not apply in the case of motor vehicles owned by the Admiralty, the War Department or the Air Ministry, and used for naval, military or air force purposes, or in the case of vehicles so used while being driven by persons for the time being subject to the orders of a member of the armed forces of the Crown.

(4) The Minister may by regulations vary in relation to vehicles used for naval, military or air force purposes while being driven by persons for the time being subject to the orders of a member of the armed forces of the Crown the provisions of any statutory provision imposing a speed limit on motor vehicles; but regulations under this subsection may provide that any variation made by the regulations shall have effect subject to such conditions as may be specified in the regulations.

(5) For the purpose of proceedings for an offence under this Act in connection with a vehicle in the public service of the Crown, being proceedings against a person other than the driver or rider of the vehicle, the person nominated in that behalf by the department in whose service the vehicle is used shall be deemed to be the person actually responsible unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the court that the driver or rider only was responsible.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

225

Vehicles used for marine Salvage Part VII

251. Subsection (4) of the last foregoing section shall have Vehicles used effect in relation to motor vehicles used for salvage purposes for marine pursuant to Part IX of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, as it8*17*®* has effect in relation to vehicles used for naval, military or air force purposes while being driven as therein mentioned.

Interpretation

252.—(1) References in this Act to a traffic area constituted for Construction the purposes of Part III thereof by a particular designation are references to the area described by that designation on the signed maps whose boundary is delineated thereon by a red special area, line, references in this Act to the London Traffic Area are references to the area described by that designation on the signed maps whose boundary is delineated thereon by a green line and references in this Act to the London special area are references to the area described by that designation on the signed maps whose boundary is delineated thereon by a blue line.

(2) Except as respects the London Traffic Area and the London special area, the foregoing subsection has effect subject to the power of the Minister under section one hundred and nineteen of this Act to vary the provisions of Part III of this Act constituting traffic areas; and if, by virtue of subsection (3) of Chat section, an order thereunder provides for substituting, for any of the signed maps, maps authenticated as provided by the order and showing the areas to which the order relates as constituted in accordance with the provisions of the order, the substituted maps shall be deemed to be included among the signed maps in place of those for which they were substituted.

(3) In this section " the signed maps " means the maps contained in the three sets of books signed by the Right Honourable the Lord Terrington, the Chairman of the Joint Committee of the House of Lords and the House of Commons to which the Bill for this Act was referred, of which one set has been deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Parliaments, one in the Private Bill Office of the House of Commons, and one at ffie Ministry of Transport.

(4) The signed maps, and any substituted therefor by virtue of section one hundred and nineteen of this Act, shall be for all purposes conclusive evidence of the extent of the respective areas whose boundaries are delineated thereon; and a copy of any such map as aforesaid purporting to be printed under the superintendence or authority of Her Majesty's Stationery Office shall be of equal validity with the original.

H

226

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 E 2

Part VII

Interpretation of expressions relating to motor vehicles and classes or descriptions thereof.

253.—(1) In this Act " motor vehicle " means a mechanically propelled vehicle intended or adapted for use on roads, and " trailer " means a vehicle drawn by a motor vehicle:

Provided that a side-car attached to a motor cycle shall, if it complies with such conditions as may be specified in regulations made by the Minister, be regarded as forming part of the vehicle to which it is attached and not as being a trailer.

(2) In this Act " motor car " means a mechanically propelled vehicle, not being a motor cycle or an invalid carriage, which is constructed itself to carry a load or passengers and the weight of which unladen—

(a) if it is constructed solely for the carriage of passengers

and their effects, is adapted to carry not more than seven passengers exclusive of the driver, and is fitted with tyres of such type as may be specified in regulations made by the Minister, does not exceed three tons;

(b) if it is constructed or adapted for use for the conveyance of goods or burden of any description, does not exceed three tons, or three tons and a half if the vehicle carries a container or containers for holding for the purpose of its propulsion any fuel which is wholly gaseous at sixty degrees Fahrenheit under a pressure of thirty inches of mercury or plant and materials for producing such fuel;

(c) does not exceed two tons and a half in a case falling

within neither of the foregoing paragraphs.

(3) In this Act "heavy motor car" means a mechanically propelled vehicle, not being a motor car, which is constructed itself to carry a load or passengers and the weight of which unladen exceeds two tons and a half.

(4) In this Act (except for the purposes of the provisions thereof relating to the provision by parish councils of parking places for bicycles and motor cycles) " motor cycle " means a mechanically propelled vehicle, not being an invalid carriage, with less than four wheels and the weight of which unladen does not exceed eight hundredweight.

(5) In this Act " invalid carriage " means a mechanically propelled vehicle the weight of which unladen does not exceed five hundredweight and which is specially designed and constructed, and not merely adapted, for the use of a person suffering from some physical defect or disability and is used solely by such a person.

(6) In this Act " motor tractor " means a mechanically propelled vehicle which is not constructed itself to carry a load, other than the following articles, that is to say, water, fuel.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

227

accumulators and other equipment used for the purpose of propulsion, loose tools and loose equipment, and the weight of which unladen does not exceed seven tons and a quarter.

(7) In this Act " light locomotive " means a mechanically propelled vehicle which is not constructed itself to carry a load, other than any of the articles aforesaid, and the weight of which unladen does not exceed eleven tons and a half but does exceed seven tons and a quarter.

(8) In this Act "heavy locomotive" means a mechanically propelled vehicle which is not constructed itself to carry a load, other than any of the articles aforesaid, and the weight of which unladen exceeds eleven tons and a half.

(9) For the purposes of this section, in a case where a motor vehicle is so constructed that a trailer may by partial superimposition be attached to the vehicle in such a manner as to cause a substantial part of the weight of the trailer to be borne by the vehicle, that vehicle shall be deemed to be a vehicle itself constructed to carry a load.

(10) For the purposes of this section, in the case of a motor vehicle fitted with a crane, dynamo, welding plant or other special appliance or apparatus which is a permanent or essentially permanent fixture, the appliance or apparatus shall not be deemed to constitute a load or goods or burden of any description, but shall be deemed to form part of the vehicle.

(11) The Minister may by regulations vary any of the maximum or minimum weights specified in the foregoing provisions of this section, and such regulations may have effect either generally or in the case of vehicles of any class or description specified in the regulations and either for the purposes of this Act and of all regulations thereunder or for such of those purposes as may be so specified; and nothing in section twenty-four of this Act shall be construed as limiting the powers conferred by this subsection.

254.—(1) For the purposes of this Act (except the provisions of Part IV thereof and the Thirteenth Schedule thereto)—

(a) a mechanically propelled vehicle, being an implement

for cutting grass which is controlled by a pedestrian and is not capable of being used or adapted for any other purpose, and

(b) any other mechanically propelled vehicle controlled by

a pedestrian which may be specified by regulations made by the Minister for the purposes of this section and of subsection (5) of section ten of the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957,

shall be treated as not being a motor vehicle.

Part VU

Certain vehicles not to be treated as motor vehicles.

228

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part vn (2) In the foregoing subsection " controlled by a pedestrian " means that the vehicle either—

(a) is constructed or adapted for use only under such control, or

(b) is constructed or adapted for use either under such control or under the control of a person carried on it but is not for the time being in use under, or proceeding under, the control of a person carried on it.

Method of 255. For the purposes of this Act, and of any other enactment calculating relating to the use of motor vehicles on roads, the weight unladen

weight of of a vehicle shall be taken to be the weight of the vehicle

motor vehicles, inclusive of the body and all parts (the heavier being taken where alternative bodies or parts are used) which are necessary to or ordinarily used with the vehicle when working on a road, but exclusive of the weight of water, fuel or accumulators used for the purpose of the supply of power for the propulsion of the vehicle, and of loose tools and loose equipment.

256. A motor vehicle or trailer shall be deemed to be a carriage within the meaning of any Act of Parliament, whether a public general Act or a local Act, and of any rule, regulation or byelaw made under any Act of Parliament, and if used as a carriage of any particular class shall for the purpose of any enactment relating to carriages of any particular class be deemed to be a carriage of that class.

Interpretation of statutory references to carriages.

General 257.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,

interpretation the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to provisions. them respectively, that is to say,—

" the appropriate Minister " means, in relation to England or Wales, the Minister of Transport and, in relation to Scotland, the Secretary of State;

" bridge authority " means the authority or person responsible for tile maintenance of a bridge;

" bridleway " means a way over which the public have the following, but no other, rights of way, that is to say, a right of way on foot and a right of way on horseback or leading a horse, with or without a right to drive animals of any description along the way;

chief officer of police " has the same meaning as in the Police Pensions Act, 1921;

" classified road " means a road classified by the appropriate Minister under the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919, in Class I or Class II, or in any class declared by the appropriate Minister not to be inferior to those Classes;

except for the purposes of sections one and eighty-eight, " driver ", where a separate person acts as steersman of

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

229

a motor vehicle, includes that person as well as any other person engaged in the driving of the vehicle, and " drive " shall be construed accordingly;

" fares " includes sums payable in respect of a contract ticket or a season ticket;

" footpath " means a way over which the public have a right of way on foot only;

" highway authority ", for the purposes of the application of this Act to England or Wales, means, in relation to a road other than a trunk road, the authority (being either the council of a county, the council of a county borough, the council of a non-county borough or an urban district, the Common Council of the City of London, or the council of a metropolitan borough) which is responsible for the maintenance of the road, and, in relation to a trunk road, the Minister, and for the purposes of the application of this Act to Scotland means, in relation to a road other than a trunk road, a county council or the town council of a burgh charged with the maintenance and management of any of the highways therein, and, in relation to a trunk road, the Secretary of State;

" magistrates’ court " and " petty sessions area " have the same meanings as in the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952;

"the Minister" means the Minister of Transport;

44 owner ", in relation to a vehicle which is the subject of a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement, means the person in possession of the vehicle under that agreement;

" road " means any highway and any other road to which the public has access, and includes bridges over which a road pasfes;

M road service licence " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-four of this Act;

"salvage" means the preservation of a vessel which is wrecked, stranded or in distress, or the lives of persons belonging to, or the cargo or apparel of, such a vessel;

" special road " means a road provided or to be provided in pursuance of a scheme under section one of the Special Roads Act, 1949, or section eleven of the Highways Act, 1959, or to which, by virtue of section nineteen of the last-mentioned Act, that Act applies as if it were a road provided in pursuance of a scheme under section eleven thereof, and includes any part of a special road;

Part VD

230

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VII

Effect of certain references to Scottish local authorities.

Exclusion of application of certain provisions to tramcars and trolley vehicles.

" statutory ", in relation to any prohibition, restriction, requirement or provision, means contained in, or having effect under, any enactment (including any enactment contained in this Act);

"test certificate" has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section sixty-five of this Act;

" traffic sign " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection

(1) of section fifty-one of this Act;

"tramcar " includes any carriage used on any road by virtue of an order made under the Light Railways Act, 1896; "trolley vehicle" means a mechanically propelled vehicle adapted for use upon roads without rails and moved by power transmitted thereto from some external source;

and the expressions " public service vehicle ", " stage carriage ", " express carriage " and " contract carriage " shall be construed in accordance with sections one hundred and seventeen and one hundred and eighteen of this Act.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed, except where the context otherwise requires, as references to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment.

258. Where any powers and duties are by this Act conferred or imposed, in relation to Scotland, on county councils and on the town councils of certain burghs only, all other burghs shall, for the purposes of those powers and duties, be deemed to be within the county.

Exclusion of Application of certain Provisions to Tramcars and

Trolley Vehicles

259. —(1) None of the following provisions contained in Part I of this Act, and no orders or regulations made under those provisions shall apply to tramcars or trolley vehicles operated under statutory powers, that is to say, sections four, five, seven, eighteen to twenty-nine (both inclusive), thirty-six, thirty-eight, sixty-four, sixty-six, sixty-eight, sixty-nine, seventy-two, seventy-three and seventy-seven, and the following provisions so contained shall not apply to tramcars so operated, that is to say, sections two and three, subsection (1) of section six and section seventy-eight.

(2) Part II of this Act shall not apply to tramcars operated under statutory powers and sections ninety-seven and one hundred and sixteen thereof shall not apply to trolley vehicles so operated.

(3) Section one hundred and sixty-four of this Act shall not apply to the use of tramcars or trolley vehicles operated as aforesaid.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

231

(4) Part VI of this Act, and the following provisions contained Part VII in this Part of this Act, that is to say, sections two hundred and seventeen to two hundred and nineteen (both inclusive), two hundred and twenty-two to two hundred and twenty-four (both inclusive), two hundred and twenty-six, two hundred and twenty-

eight, two hundred and thirty, two hundred and thirty-one, two hundred and forty-one, two hundred and fifty-five and two hundred and fifty-six, shall not apply to tramcars or trolley vehicles operated as aforesaid and section two hundred and twenty-five shall not apply to tramcars so operated.

(5) In this section " operated under statutory powers " means, in relation to tramcars or trolley vehicles, that their use is authorised or regulated by special Act of Parliament or by an order having the force of an Act.

(6) Subsections (1), (2) and (4) of this section shall have effect subject to any such Act or order as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, and any such Act or order may apply to the tramcars or trolley vehicles to which it relates any of the provisions excluded by the said subsections (1), (2) and (4) except sections twenty-six to twenty-nine (both inclusive), thirty-six, thirty-eight and sixty-six.

Exercise of Regulation-making Powers, and Parliamentary Control thereover

260. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act upon the Minister Exercise of

or the Secretary of State or the Minister and the Secretary of re*£]?tion" State acting jointly to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument. tary control

(2) Before making any regulations under this Act (other than thereover, regulations under section thirty-four thereof), the Minister or, as

the case may be, the Secretary of State, or the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly, shall consult with such representative organisations as he or they think fit.

(3) A statutory instrument whereby any such power as aforesaid is exercised (other than the power conferred by section twenty-four or two hundred and fifty-four of this Act) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) Regulations under section twenty-four or two hundred and fifty-four of this Act shall not have effect unless approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

Supplementary

261. —(1) It shall be lawful for a highway authority to provide. Provision, erect, maintain and operate, or to join with another highway &c., of weigh-authority in providing, erecting, maintaining and operating, bridges.

232

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part vn

Provisions as to Thames embankment.

Protection of public interests.

weighbridges or other machines for weighing vehicles or to contribute towards the cost of the provision, erection, maintenance and operation of any such weighbridge or other machine by any other authority or person.

(2) The provision or erection, or the making of a contribution towards the provision or erection, of any such weighbridge or other machine shall be a purpose for which the highway authority may borrow.

262. Section forty-one of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, shall not apply to motor tractors, heavy motor cars, motor cars, motor cycles or invalid carriages, but save as aforesaid nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of that section.

263. —(1) It is hereby declared that nothing in Part III, IV or V of this Act is to be treated as conferring on the holder of a licence granted under any of those Parts any right to the continuance of any benefits arising from, or from a licence granted under, any of those Parts, or from any conditions attached to any such licence.

(2) In the event of an undertaking by which a service of public service vehicles is provided being purchased compulsorily by a local or public authority, that part of the value of the undertaking attributable directly or indirectly to Part III of this Act shall not be taken into account.

Consequential 264. The enactments specified in the Seventeenth Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively specified in relation thereto in that Schedule.

Comtruction 265.—(1) A provision of an Act other than this Act or one of

‘ oAerAots those ment*oned in the Seventeenth Schedule to this Act, or of &c., to public 811 instrument having effect under an enactment not repealed by service vehicles, this Act, which (however expressed) defines "public service licensing vehicle", "stage carriage", "express carriage" or "contract authorities, Ac. carriage " by reference to the Road Traffic Act, 1930, or " London Traffic Area" by reference to the London Traffic Act, 1924, shall have effect as if it provided that that expression should be construed in like manner as if it were contained in this Act.

(2) References in any enactment to a licensing authority for public service vehicles shall be construed as references to the traffic commissioners for a traffic area constituted for the purposes of Part III of this Act, and references in any enactment to the licensing authority for goods vehicles shall be construed as references to the licensing authority for the purposes of Part IV of this Act.

Repeal of 266. The following enactments shall cease to have effect, that

Sum " "tosay —

bridgesby (fl) section six of the Locomotive Act, 1861 (which restricts

locomotives. the use of locomotives over suspension and other

bridges).

1960

Road Traffic Act* I960

Ch. 16

233

(b) section seven of that Act (which relates to the making part VII

good of damage to bridges caused by locomotives or their trailers), and

(c) section seven of the Locomotives Act, 1898 (which

enables owners of locomotives to appeal against restrictions on passing over bridges), and section eight of that Act (which prohibits locomotives’ being driven so as tQ pass one another on bridges).

267. —(1) The enactments specified in Part I of the Eighteenth General Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in repeals, the third column of that Part of that Schedule, and the orders

and regulations specified in Part II of that Schedule are hereby transitional revoked to the extent specified in the third column of that Part of provisions, that Schedule.

(2) The saving and transitional provisions contained in the Nineteenth Schedule to this Act shall have effect

268. The inclusion in this Act of any express saving or amend- Saving for

ment shall not be taken as prejudicing the operation of section s. 38 of thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which relates to the ?tfl?52o effect of repeals). Act, 1889.

269. Nothing in this Act shall authorise a person to use Saving for law on a road a vehicle so constructed or used as to cause a of nuisance, public or private nuisance, or in Scotland a nuisance, or affect

the liability, whether under statute or common law, of the driver or owner so using such a vehicle.

270. —(1) This Act except the provisions thereof specified in Commenee-Part I of the Twentieth Schedule thereto, shall come into opera- ment

tion on the first day of September, nineteen hundred and sixty, and notwithstanding section thirty-six of the Interpretation Act,

1889 (which defines " commencement " when used with reference to an Act), references in this Act to the commencement thereof shall be construed as referring to the time at which this Act, except the provisions aforesaid, comes into operation.

(2) The provisions of Part II of the Twentieth Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of providing for the coming into operation of the provisions of this Act specified in Part I of that Schedule and the provisions of Part III of that Schedule shall have effect for temporarily extending, in the case therein specified, the provisions of section sixty-four of this Act.

271. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Road Traffic Act, Short title

I960. and extent.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

H*

234

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section 24.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Limits of speed for Vehicles of certain Classes or Descriptions Class or description of vehicle

(See also paragraph 13) Vehicles other than Track-laying Vehicles

1. Passenger vehicles, that is to say, vehicles constructed solely for the carriage of passengers and their effects, and dual-purpose vehicles: —

(1) vehicles having an unladen weight exceeding three

tons, or adapted to cany more than seven passengers exclusive of the driver

(2) vehicles drawing traders—

(a) in the case of a motor car adapted to carry not more than seven passengers exclusive of the driver, if the trailer is a close-coupled four-wheeled trailer or is two-wheeled

(b) in the case of a motor cycle, if the trailer

is two-wheeled

(c) in any other case

(3) invalid carriages

(4) vehicles not fitted with pneumatic tyres, and

vehicles drawing trailers not fitted with pneumatic tyres

2. Goods vehicles, that is to say, vehicles constructed or adapted for use for the conveyance of goods or burden of any description, but not including dual-purpose vehicles:—

(1) generally

(2) vehicles drawing trailers, not being articulated

vehicles

(3) vehicles not fitted with pneumatic tyres, if drawing

trailers or having an unladen weight exceeding one ton, and vehicles drawing trailers not fitted with pneumatic tyres

(4) vehicles not fitted with resilient tyres

3. Motor tractors:—

(1) generally

(2) if drawing two or more trailers

(3) if not fitted with resilient tyres

4. Heavy locomotives and light locomotives: —

(1) generally

(2) 2 drawing more than two trailers

(3) if not fitted with resilient tyres

Track-laying Vehicles

5. Motor cars and heavy motor cars

6. Motor tractors:—

(1) generally

(2) 2 drawing two or more trailers

per hour

30

30

30

20

20

20

30

20

20

5

20

5

5

12

5

5

20

20

5

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

235

Maximum speed, miles per hour

7. Light locomotives:

(1) generally 12

(2) if drawing more than two trailers 5

8. Heavy locomotives 3

9. Track-laying vehicles which do not satisfy both erf the following conditions,—

(a) that the vehicle is fitted with springs between its

frame and the weight-carrying rollers, and

(b) that the vehicle is fitted with resilient material between the rims of the weight-carrying rollers and the road surface,

and vehicles drawing track-laying trailers which do not satisfy both of those conditions 12

10. Track-laying vehicles satisfying neither of the said

conditions, and vehicles drawing track-laying trailers satisfying neither of those conditions 5

11. Combined track-and-wheel vehicles not fitted with resilient tyres, and vehicles drawing trailers which are combined track-and-wheel vehicles not fitted with resilient

tyres 5

12. Vehicles drawing trailers, where the drawing or any of the drawn vehicles, not being a track-laying vehicle,

is not fitted with resilient tyres 5

Interpretation and Application

13. A vehicle falling within two or more descriptions specified in this Schedule shall be treated as falling within that description for which the lowest limit of speed is specified.

14. —(1) In this Schedule " dual-purpose vehicle " means a vehicle constructed or adapted for the carriage both of passengers and of goods or burden of any description, being a vehicle of which the unladen weight does not exceed two tons and which either—

(a) satisfies the conditions as to construction specified in the

next following sub-paragraph, or

(b) is so constructed or adapted that the driving power of the engine is, or by the appropriate use of the controls of the vehicle can be, transmitted to all the wheels of the vehicle.

(2) The conditions as to construction referred to in the last foregoing sub-paragraph are the following: —

(a) the vehicle must be permanently fitted with a rigid roof, with or without a sliding panel,

(b) the area of the vehicle to the rear of the driver's seat must— (i) be permanently fitted with at least one row erf transverse seats (fixed or folding) for two or more passengers and those seats must be properly sprung or cushioned and provided with upholstered backrests, attached either to the seats or to a side or the floor of the vehicle; and

H* 2

1st Sch.

236

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. (ii) be lit on each side and at the rear by a window

or windows of glass or other transparent material having an area or aggregate area of not less than two square feet on each side and not less than one hundred and twenty square inches at the rear;

(c) the distance between the rearmost part of the steering wheel and the backrests of the row of transverse seats satisfying the requirements specified in head (i) of this sub-paragraph (or, if there is more than one such row of seats, the distance between the rearmost part of the steering wheel and the backrests of the rearmost such row) must, when the seats are ready for use, be not less than one-third of the distance between the rearmost part of the steering wheel and the rearmost part of the floor of the vehicle.

15. In this Schedule " close-coupled ", in relation to a trailer, means that the wheels on the same side of the trailer are so fitted that at all times while it is in motion they remain parallel to the longitudinal axis of the trailer, and that the distance between the centres of their respective areas of contact with the road surface does not exceed thirty-three inches.

16. In this Schedule "articulated vehicle" means a vehicle with a trailer so attached to the drawing vehicle that part of the trailer is superimposed upon the drawing vehicle, and when the trailer is uniformly loaded not less than twenty per cent, of the weight of its load is borne by the drawing vehicle.

17. In this Schedule, in relation to a vehicle (including a trafler), " fitted with pneumatic tyres " means that every wheel of the vehicle is fitted with pneumatic tyres, and " fitted with resilient tyres " means that every wheel of the vehicle is fitted either with pneumatic tyres or with other soft or elastic tyres.

18. In this Schedule "track-laying" means so designed and constructed that the weight is transmitted to the road surface either by means of continuous tracks or by a combination of wheels and continuous tracks, and "combined track-and-wheel vehicle" means a vehicle so designed and constructed that its weight is transmitted to the road surface by a combination of wheels and continuous tracks.

19. A heavy motor car or motor car drawing a trailer and being used as a public service vehicle or as a goods vehicle shall be treated as not drawing a trailer if the trailer is used solely for the carriage of a container or containers for holding, or plant and materials for producing, for the purpose of the propulsion of the drawing vehicle, any fuel that is wholly gaseous at sixty degrees Fahrenheit under a pressure of thirty inches of mercury.

20. —(1) Paragraphs 1 to 4 of this Schedule do not apply to, and paragraphs 5 to 12 apply only to, track-laying vehicles and vehicles drawing track-laying trailers or trailers some of which are tracklaying.

(2) Paragraphs 1 to 12 of this Schedule do not apply to vehicles for the time being used in the conduct of experiments or trials under section six of the Roads Improvement Act, 1925, or section two hundred and forty-nine of the Highways Act, 1959.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

237

SECOND SCHEDULE The London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee Constitution of the Committee

1. The London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee (in this Schedule referred to as " the Committee ") shall consist of the following numbers of members appointed as follows: —

Number of

Members. By whom appointed.

One By the Secretary of State:

One By the Minister:

Six By the London County Council:

One By the Corporation of the City of London :

One By Che Council of the City of Westminster:

Six By the councils of the remaining metropolitan boroughs: Two By the Middlesex County Council:

One By the Essex County Council:

One By the Kent County Council:

One By the Surrey County Council:

One By the Buckinghamshire and Hertfordshire County Councils:

One By the Council of the County Borough of Croydon: One By the Council of the County Borough of East Ham:

One By the Council of the County Borough of West Ham:

One By the Secretary of State to represent the metropolitan police:

One By the Secretary of State to represent county and borough police forces in the London Traffic Area:

One By the Corporation of the City of London to represent the City police:

Four By the British Transport Commission:

Five By the Minister of Labour, after consultation with such bodies representative of those interests as he may think fit, to represent the interests of labour engaged in the transport industry within the London Traffic Area:

Two By the Minister, after consultation with such bodies representative of those interests as he may think fit, to represent the interests of persons (other than such persons as are hereinafter mentioned and other than the British Transport Commission and any Executive) providing or using mechanically propelled road vehicles within the London Traffic Area.

One By the Minister, after consultation with such bodies representative of those interests as he may think fit, to represent the interests of persons (other than the British Transport Commission and any Executive) who are holders of A or B licences (within the meaning of Part IV of this Act) carrying on business within the London Traffic Area:

Section 30

238

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8&9EUZ.2

2nd Sch. Number of

Members. By whom appointed.

One By the Minister, after consultation with such bodies

representative of those interests as he may think fit, to represent the interests of persons who are holders of C licences (within the meaning of Part IV of this Act) carrying on business within the London Traffic Area:

One By the Minister, after consultation with such bodies

representative of those interests as he may think fit, to represent the interests of persons (other than the British Transport Commission and any Executive) who are the holders of licences authorising them to operate public service vehicles within the London Traffic Area:

One By the Minister, after consultation with such bodies

representative of those interests as he may think fit, to represent the interests of persons (other than the British Transport Commission and any Executive) providing or using horse-drawn road vehicles within the London Traffic Area.

One By the Minister, after consultation with such bodies

representative of those interests as he may think fit, to represent the interests of the taxi-cab industry within the London Traffic Area.

One By the Minister, after consultation with such bodies

representative of those interests as he may think fit, to represent the interests of persons using bicycles and tricycles, not being motor vehicles, within the London Traffic Area.

Supplementary Provisions

2. Where one or more members are to be appointed by a group of local authorities, the appointment shall be made by a joint committee consisting of one representative chosen by each of the local authorities in accordance with rules of procedure made by the Minister by statutory instrument

3. Every member appointed by a local authority or group of local authorities (other than the representative of the City police) shall be a member of the local authority or of one of the grouped authorities, as the case may be, and, if he ceases to hold such qualification, shall cease to be a member of the Committee.

4. The chairman of the Committee shall be such member thereof as may be elected chairman by the Committee from among the members appointed by local authorities or groups of local authorities, other than the representative of the City police.

5. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following paragraph with respect to the term of office of persons appointed to fill casual vacancies, the term of office of the members of the Committee shall be three years, except that—

(a) the chairman shall go out of office on the day on which the members of the Committee by whom he is elected ordinarily go out of office:

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

239

(b) a member of the Committee who, without having received leave of absence by a resolution of the Committee, fails for a period of six months to attend duly summoned meetings of the Committee, or a sub-committee on which he has been appointed to serve, shall thereupon vacate his seat

(2) A member of the Committee going out of office may be reappointed, except that a member so doing by virtue erf head (b) of the foregoing sub-paragraph shall not be eligible for reappointment in respect of that vacancy.

6. —(1) On a casual vacancy occurring on the Committee by reason of death, resignation or otherwise, the vacancy shall be filled by the appointment of a new member in like manner as the member in whose place he is appointed, and he shall hold office until the time when the member in whose place he is appointed would have gone out of office, and shall then go out cl office.

(2) The election of a member as chairman shall not create a casual vacancy.

(3) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall apply to the chairman with the substitution of "election" for "appointment" and of " elected " for " appointed ".

7. The Minister may place at the disposal of the Committee the services of such of the officers and servants erf the Ministry of Transport as appear to him to be required for the purpose of the proper discharge of the duties of the Committee.

8. The Committee may make rules for regulating their procedure (including the fixing erf a quorum, and the appointment, powers, duties and procedure of sub-committees) and for regulating the procedure at any inquiry held by the Committee, or by any members thereof, under this Act.

9. The proceedings of the Committee shall not be invalidated by a vacancy in their number or a defect in the appointment of a member.

10. All expenses incurred in connection with the execution of powers and duties under sections thirty-two and thirty-three of this Act by the Committee or the members thereof shall, to such amount as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

2nd Sch.

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 31.

Particular Matters which may be referred to London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee

1. The co-ordination of all or any of the various forms of transport services, and co-operation between the persons operating the same or different forms of transport services, with a view to the combined operation of all means of transport in the London Traffic Area in the best interests of the public.

2. The causes trading to hinder the free circulation of traffic on streets in die London Traffic Area and the measures to be adopted to remove such causes or to minimise their effects.

240

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch.

Section 34.

3. The desirability of the revision, simplification, codification and extension of existing enactments, orders, regulations and byelaws, and of the initiation of new legislation, with regard to or affecting traffic on streets in the London Traffic Area.

4. The making of new orders, byelaws and regulations (including the fixing of speed limits) relating to traffic on streets in the London Traffic Area.

5. The provision of sufficient headroom in the construction of new bridges over streets, and the proper marking and lighting of structures across streets which do not provide sufficient headroom.

6. The comparative desirability of different forms of transport services in various circumstances either generally or in particular localities, or in any specific case.

7. The development, improvement, or extension of the existing system of road communication within die London Traffic Area.

8. New transport systems or developments or extensions of existing systems proposed to be established or carried out within the London Traffic Area.

9. The exercise of any of the powers of the Minister from whatsoever source derived in relation to traffic on streets in the London Traffic Area.

10. The formulation of proposals for the equitable distribution amongst the various road authorities in the London Traffic Area of the cost of any scheme of road development, improvement or extension.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Scope of Traffic Regulations that may be made by the Minister for the London Traffic Area

1. For prescribing the routes to be followed by all classes of traffic, or by any particular class or classes of traffic or vehicles, from one specified point to another, either generally or between any specified times.

2. For prescribing streets which are not to be used for traffic by vehicles, or by vehicles of any specified class or classes, either generally or at specified times.

3. For regulating the relative position in the roadway of traffic of differing speeds or types.

4. For prescribing the places where vehicles or vehicles of any particular class or description may not turn so as to face in the opposite direction to that in which they were proceeding, or where they may only so turn under conditions prescribed by the regulations.

5. For prescribing the conditions subject to which, and the times at which, articles of exceptionally heavy weight or exceptionally large dimensions may be carried by road.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

241

6. For prescribing the number and maximum size and weight of 4th Sch. trailers which may be drawn on streets by vehicles or vehicles of

any particular class or description either generally or on streets of any class or description, and for prescribing that a man should be carried on the trailer or, where more than one trailer is drawn, on the rear trailer for signalling to the driver.

7. For prescribing the conditions subject to which, and the rimes at which, articles may be loaded on to or unloaded from vehicles, or vehicles of any particular class or description, on streets.

8. For prescribing the conditions subject to which, and the times at which, vehicles, or vehicles of any particular class or description, delivering or collecting goods or merchandise, or delivering goods or merchandise of any particular class or classes, may stand in streets, or in streets of any class or description, or in specified streets.

9. For prescribing the conditions subject to which, and the times at which, vehicles, or vehicles of any particular class or description, may be used on streets for collecting refuse.

10. For prescribing rules as to precedence to be observed as between vehicles proceeding in the same direction, in opposite directions, or when crossing.

11. For prescribing the conditions subject to which, and the times at which, horses, cattle, sheep and other animals may be led or driven on streets within the metropolitan police district and the City of London.

12. For requiring the erection, exhibition, and removal of traffic notices, and as to the form, plan, and character of such notices.

13. Broken down vehicles.

14. Vehicles, or vehicles of any particular class or description, when unattended.

15. Places in streets where vehicles, or vehicles of any particular class or description, may, or may not, wait either generally or at particular times.

16. Cab ranks and ranks and stopping places of omnibuses and other public conveyances.

17. Cabs and hackney carriages not hired and being in a street elsewhere than on a cab rank.

18. For restricting the use of vehicles and animals, and of sand-wichmen and other persons, in streets for the purposes of advertisement of such a nature or in such a manner as to be likely to be a source of danger or to cause obstruction to traffic.

19. The lighting and guarding of street works.

20. The erection or placing or the removal of any works or objects likely to hinder the free circulation of traffic in any street, or likely to occasion danger to passengers or vehicles.

21. Queues of persons waiting in streets.

22. Priority of entry to public vehicles.

23. For enabling any police, local or other public authority, in the event of any person failing to do anything which under the regulations he ought to have done, to do such act, and to recover die expenses thereof from the person so in default summarily as a civil debt

242

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section 35.

Section 36.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Scope of Traffic Regulations that may be made by Commissioners of Police of Metropolis and for City of London

1. Prescribing the routes to be followed by traffic from one specified point to another.

2. Prescribing streets which are not to be used for traffic.

3. Regulating the relative position in the roadway of traffic of differing speeds or types.

4. Prescribing the places where vehicles may not turn so as to face in the opposite direction to that in which they were proceeding, or where they may only so turn under prescribed conditions.

5. Prescribing the conditions subject to which and the times at which articles may be loaded on to or unloaded from vehicles on streets.

6. Prescribing the conditions subject to which and the times at which vehicles delivering or collecting goods or merchandise, or goods or merchandise of any particular class or classes, may stand in streets.

7. Prescribing rules as to precedence to be observed as between vehicles proceeding in the same direction, in opposite directions or when crossing.

8. Making provision as to vehicles when unattended.

9. Making provision as to places in streets where vehicles may. or may not, wait.

10. Making provision as to cab ranks and ranks and stopping places of omnibuses and other public conveyances.

SIXTH SCHEDULE Notification of Temporary Traffic Restrictions

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, not less than seven days before making an order under subsection (1) or subsection (4) of the principal section the highway authority shall cause notice of their intention to make the order to be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the district in which the road or part of a road affected by the order is situate, and shall also within a period of seven days after making any such order cause a notice of the making of the order to be published in the like manner.

(2) Every such notice shall contain a statement of the effect of the order, and in so far as it relates to an order under subsection (1) of the principal section, shall also contain a description of the alternative route or routes available for traffic.

(3) Where the appropriate Minister gives his approval to an order under subsection (1) or subsection (4) of the principal section continuing in force for longer than the period limited by the principal section, the highway authority shall give such notice of the appropriate Ministers approval as may be directed by him.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

243

2. So long as any order made under subsection (1) of the principal 6th Sch. section is in force, a notice stating the effect of the order, and describing the alternative route or routes available for traffic, shall

be kept posted in a conspicuous manner at each end of the part of the road to which the order relates, and at the points at which it will be necessary for vehicles to diverge from the road.

3. —(1) A notice issued under subsection (2) of the principal section shall describe the alternative route or routes available for traffic, and shall be kept posted in accordance with the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph.

(2) Where such a notice has been posted, the highway authority may, before the expiration of the period for which the notice can continue in force, proceed to make an order under subsection (1) of the principal section with respect to the same road or part of a road without causing notice of their intention to make the order to be published in any newspaper.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE Section 47.

Areas (in England or Wales), and Authorities, for Agreements under Section 47

Description of Area Council Police Authority

1. So much of any county as is comprised in a combined area. The county council The combined police authority for the combined area.

1 A county borough comprised in a combined area. The county borough council. The combined police authority for the combined area.

3. A non-county borough which is a separate police area. The council of the county comprising the borough. The police authority for the borough.

4. A county borough whose police force is consolidated with a county police force. The county borough council. The police authority for the county.

5. So much of any county as is not within the metropolitan police district and does not fall within paragraph 1 or 3 of this Schedule. The county council The police authority for the county.

In this Schedule " combined area " has the same meaning as m the Police Act, 1946, references to the police authority for a county are references to the police authority for so much of the county as is not comprised in a police area other than the county.

244

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 B2

7th Sch.

Section 67 and 20th Sch.

and the reference in paragraph 4 of this Schedule to the consolidation of a borough police force with a county police force is a reference to its being consolidated therewith in pursuance of a consolidation agreement within the meaning of section twelve of the Police Act, 1946.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE

Deferred Tests of Condition of Vehicles

1. Where the driver is the owner of the vehicle, he may at the time of electing that the test shall be deferred specify a period of seven days within which the deferred test is to take place, being a period falling within the next thirty days, disregarding any day on which the vehicle is outside Great Britain, and may at that time require that the deferred test shall take place on premises then specified by him where the test can conveniently be carried out or that it shall take place in such area in England or Wales, being a county borough or county district or the administrative county erf London, or such area in Scotland, being a county or burgh, as he may specify at the said time.

2. Where the driver is not the owner of the vehicle, he shall inform the examiner of the name and address of the owner of the vehicle and the owner shall be afforded an opportunity of specifying such a period, and such premises or area, as aforesaid.

3. —(1) Where under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule a period has been specified within which the deferred test is to be carried out, the time for carrying it out shall be such time within that period as may be notified, being a time not earlier than two days after the giving of the notification.

(2) Where no such period has been specified as aforesaid, the time for the carrying out of the deferred test shall be such time as may be notified, being a time not earlier than seven days after the giving of the notification.

(3) Where premises have been specified under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule for the carrying out of the deferred test, and the test can conveniently be carried out on those premises, it shall be carried out there.

(4) Where the last foregoing sub-paragraph does not apply, the place for carrying out the deferred test shall be such place as may be notified with the notification of the time for the carrying out of the test, and where an area has been specified as aforesaid the place shall be a place in that area.

(5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the time and place for the carrying out of the deferred test may be varied by agreement between an authorised examiner and the owner of the vehicle.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

245

(6) In this paragraph " notified " means notified in writing to the owner of the vehicle on behalf of the Minister, and " notification " shall be construed accordingly; and any notification under this paragraph may be given by post.

4. It shall be the duty of the owner of the vehicle to produce it, or secure its production, at the time and place fixed for the carrying out of the deferred test

5. References in this Schedule to the owner of a vehicle are references to the owner thereof at the time at which the election is made under subsection (3) of section sixty-seven of this Act that the test should be deferred, and for the purposes of this Schedule—

(a) if at that time the vehicle is in the possession of a person under a hire-purchase agreement or hiring agreement and the case is not one falling within the next following subparagraph, that person,

(b) if at that time the vehicle is being used under an international circulation permit, the person to whom the permit was issued,

shall be deemed to be the owner of the vehicle to the exclusion of any other person.

NINTH SCHEDULE

Travelling, &c.. Allowances for Attendance at Road Safety

Conferences

1.—(1) Where arrangements made by a local authority under subsection (2) of section seventy-five of this Act include the setting up of a road safety committee, then if the committee is designated for the purposes of this Schedule by or under regulations made under section one hundred and seventeen of the Local Government Act, 1948 (which provides for the making of regulations for administering the provisions of Part VI of that Act as to the payment erf allowances) the following provisions shall have effect.

(2) Attendance as a representative of the road safety committee, or of a local or other authority, at a conference or meeting relating to road safety and designated by or under such regulations as aforesaid shall, subject to any conditions or restrictions prescribed by such regulations, be an approved duty for the purposes of the said Part VI.

(3) A member of the road safety committee who is not, and apart from this paragraph is not for the purposes of the said Part VI to be deemed to be, a member of a local or other authority shall, in relation to any such attendance as is mentioned in the last foregoing subpangraph, be treated for the said purposes as a member of such local or other authority concerned with the setting up of the committee as may agree so to treat him or as the appropriate Minister may determine.

8th Sch.

Section 75.

246

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Bijz. 2

9th Sch.

Section 85.

2. Expenditure incurred by a local or other authority in the payment of travelling allowances or subsistence allowances in respect of attendances which are approved duties by virtue of sub-paragraph (2) of the last foregoing paragraph shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (2) of section seventy-five of this Act as part of the cost of the arrangements under which the road safety committee was set up.

3. In this Schedule " local or other authority " means a body to which Part VI of the Local Government Act. 1948, applies, and " road safety committee " means a committee or other body set up to act for the purposes of section seventy-five of this Act.

TENTH SCHEDULE

Procedure for Orders designating Parking Places on Highways where Charges are made

Part I

Orders made on Local Authority Application

1. Before applying for a designation order a local authority shall consult with the chid officer of police.

2. —<1) On applying for a designation order a local authority shall publish in the London Gazette and in at least one newspaper circulating in the locality an advertisement—

(a) stating the general effect of the proposed order, the where-

abouts of the parking places to be designated thereby, die classes or descriptions of vehicles for which they are to be designated, the charges to be made for use of the parking places, and the provisions of the proposed order as to the times when the parking places may be used;

(b) specifying a place or places where a copy of the proposed order, and a plan showing the precise location of the parking places to be designated, may be inspected at reasonable times specified in the advertisement during a period so specified of not less than twenty-eight days from the publication or first publication of the advertisement;

(c) stating that any person wishing to object to the making of the

order may do so by sending to the Minister, within the said period, notice in writing of his objection stating the grounds thereof.

(2) On applying for a designation order a local authority shall take such other steps as appear to the authority reasonably practicable for the purpose of bringing specifically to the knowledge of persons likely to be specially affected, as the occupiers of land adjacent to the parking places, information as to the matters specified in heads (a) to (c) of the foregoing sub-paragraph.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

247

(3) Where on the expiration of the period specified in the advertisement under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph it appears to the Minister that, before the application is further dealt with, die local authority should take further steps for the purpose mentioned in the last foregoing sub-paragraph, he may direct the authority to take such further steps for that purpose as he may specify, and if he does so the period within which a copy of the order and plan may be inspected, and objections may be made, shall be deemed to be extended by such time as the Minister may direct.

3. On such an application as aforesaid the Minister shall, after the period for objecting to the making of the order has expired, refer the application, together with any objection duly made, to the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the Advisory Committee "), and the Advisory Committee shall consider the application and any objections duly made thereto and report to and advise the Minister thereon; and the Minister shall consider their report and advice.

4. After compliance with the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph the Minister may make an order, either as applied for or with such modifications as he thinks fit:

Provided that where the local authority applying for the order is not the highway authority he shall not make the order except with the consent of the highway authority.

5. —(1) In relation to an application made, by virtue of an order under subsection (8) or (9) of section eighty-five of this Act, for an order under that section designating a parking place outside the London Traffic Area, the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following modifications.

(2) Paragraph 3 shall not apply, and—

(a) the Minister shall, after the period for objecting to the making of the order has expired, consider the application and any objections duly made thereto and may hold a public inquiry;

(b) paragraph 4 shall apply with the substitution of a reference to head (a) of this sub-paragraph for the reference to the said paragraph 3.

(3) In relation to an application relating to a parking place in Scotland paragraph 2 shall have effect with the substitution for the reference to the London Gazette of a reference to the Edinburgh Gazette.

Part n

Orders made without Local Authority Application

6. Before making an order by virtue of subsection (5) of section eighty-five of this Act the Minister shall publish in the London Gazette mid in at least one newspaper circulating in the locality an advertisement stating and specifying the matters set out in heads (a) to (c) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule, and shall take such other steps as appear to die Minister reasonably practicable

10th Sch.

248

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

10ih Sch for the purpose of bringing specifically to the knowledge of persons likely to be specially affected, as the occupiers of land adjacent to the parking places, information as to those matters.

7. Where the Minister has in pursuance of the last foregoing paragraph advertised a proposal to make an order, then after the period for objecting to the making of the order has expired die Minister shall refer the proposal, together with any objection duly made, to the Advisory Committee, and that Committee shall consider the proposal and any objections duly made thereto and report to and advise the Minister thereon; and the Minister shall consider their report and advice.

8. After compliance with the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph the Minister may make an order, either as proposed or with such modifications as he thinks fit

Part in

Provisions as to Inquiries

9. For the purposes of paragraph 3 or 7 of this Schedule the Minister may require the Advisory Committee to cause an inquiry to be held under section thirty-three of this Act or if the Advisory Committee do not hold an inquiry may himself do so.

g

CQ

Section! 104 and 111, and 19th Sch. ELEVENTH SCHEDULE

Offences involving Disqualification for holding or obtaining, or Endorsement of, Licences under Part U or both

Offence Limitation of Disqualification Obligatory Disqualification Obligatory Endorsement

1. Manslaughter, or in Scotland, culpable homicide, by the driver of a motor vehicle. — — —

2. Causing the death of a person by the driving of a motor vehicle on a road recklessly, or at a speed or in a manner which is dangerous to the public (section one of this Act). "

3. An offence under section thirty-five of the Offences against the Person Act, 1861 (injuring persons by wanton or furious driving), committed by a person having charge of a motor vehicle.

4. Driving a motor vehicle on a road recklessly, or at a speed or in a manner which is dangerous to the public (section two of this Act). Second or subsequent conviction involves obligatory disqualification unless the court, by reason of three years or more having elapsed since previous or last previous conviction or for any other special reason, thinks Conviction involves obligatory endorsement.

I

9

Offence

4. Driving a motor vehicle on a road, etc.—cont.

5. Driving a motor vehicle on a road without due care and attention or without reasonable consideration for other persons using the road (section three of this Act).

cq'

n

6. Driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on a road or other public place when unfit to drive through drink or drugs (subsection (1) of section six of this Act).

I—*

3

Jf

Limitation of Disqualification

Obligatory

Disqualification

Obligatory

Endorsement

fit to order otherwise; period of disqualification to be nine months unless more than three years have elapsed since last conviction.

Disqualification not to exceed one month on first conviction, but conviction of offence specified in paragraph 4 within three years next before date of conviction of offence specified in this paragraph to count as previous conviction of the last-mention ed offence.

Conviction involves obligatory endorsement unless the court, for any special reason, thinks fit to order otherwise.

Conviction involves obligatory disqualification for a period of twelve months from the date of the conviction unless

Ch. 16 Road Traffic , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

7. Being, when in charge of a motor vehicle which is on a road or other public place, but not driving the vehicle, unfit to drive through drink or drugs (subsection (2) of section six of this Act).

8. Promoting or taking part in a race or trial of speed between motor vehicles on a public highway (section seven of this Act).

9. Driving a two-wheeled motor cycle with more than one person carried on it in addition to the driver or with an additional person carried otherwise than astride the cycle and on a proper seat securely fixed to the cycle behind the driver’s seat (section eight of this Act).

I the court, for special I reasons, think* fit to order otherwise.

Second or subsequent conviction, or conviction after previous conviction of offence specified in paragraph 6, involves obligatory disqualification for a period of twelvemonths from the date of the conviction unless the court, for special reasons, thinks fit to order otherwise.

Conviction involves obligatory disqualification for a period of twelve months from the date of the conviction unless the court, for special reasons, thinks fit to order otherwise.

Offence

10. Causing or permitting a motor vehicle or a trailer drawn thereby to remain at rest on a road in such a position or in such condition or in such circumstances as to be likely to cause danger to other persons using the road (section sixteen of this Act).

11. An offence in respect of a motor vehicle under subsection (5) of section forty-six of this Act.

D

eg'

n'

cr

o

o

12. An offence in respect of a motor vehicle under subsection (2) of section forty-eight of this Act.

13. An offence in respect of a motor vehicle under subsection (6) of section forty-nine of this Act.

14. Using on a road at any time, or causing or permitting to be so used, a motor vehicle to which section sixty-six of this Act applies and as respects which no test certificate has been issued within the appropriate period (within the meaning of that section) before the said time (subsection

(1) of section sixty-six of this Act).

s B

9

v

Limitation of Disqualification Obligatory Disqualification Obligatory Endorsement

— — —

— — —

No disqualification on first or second conviction. — —

— — —

Ch. 16 /foot/ Traffic , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

q

o

o

o

15. Driving, or causing or permitting a person to drive, a motor vehicle in contravention of the provisions of this Act relating to the minimum age for driving motor vehicles of different classes and descriptions (section ninety-seven of this Act.)

16. Driving on a road a motor vehicle of any class or description without being the holder of a licence under Part II of this Act authorising the driver to drive a motor vehicle of that class or description (subsection (1) of section ninety-eight of this Act), or employing to drive on a road a motor vehicle of any class or description a person who is not the holder of such a licence authorising him to drive a motor vehicle of that class or description (subsection (2) of section ninety-eight of this Act).

17. Failure to comply with any of the conditions subject to which a provisional licence is granted under section one hundred and two of this Act (subsection (3) of section one hundred and two of this Act).

18. Applying for, or obtaining, a licence under Part II of this Act while disqualified for holding or obtaining such a licence, or while so disqualified, driving on a road a motor vehicle or, if the disqualification is limited to the driving of a motor vehicle of a particular class or description, so driving a motor vehicle of that class or description (section one hundred and ten of this Act).

a

g

/foot/ Traffic Act, 1960 Ch. 16

Offence

19. Driving on a road a heavy goods vehicle (within the meaning of Part V of this Act) without being licensed for the purpose under that Part or licensed under Part III of this Act to drive all types of single-deck public service vehicles, or employing a person who is not so licensed to thrive on a road a heavy goods vehicle (within the meaning of the said Part V) (subsection (2) of section one hundred and ninety-two of this Act).

20. Using, or causing or permitting the use of, a motor vehicle on a road without there being in force in relation to the use of the vehicle such a policy of insurance or such a security in respect of third-party risks as complies with the requirements of Part VI of this Act (subsection (1) of section two hundred and one of this Act).

21. Taking and driving away a motor vehicle without having either the consent of the owner thereof or other lawful authority (subsection (1) of section two hundred and seventeen of this Act).

N-A

a

ff

Limitation of Obligatory Obligatory

Disqualification Disqualification Endorsement

— — —

Ch. 16 Road Traffic , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

g

CO

22. Driving a motor vehicle on a road at a speed exceeding a statutory speed limit.

No disqualification on first or second conviction.

Conviction involves obligatory endorsement unless the court, for any special reason, thinks fit to order otherwise.

23. An offence in respect of a motor vehicle under the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957.

24. An offence under any statutory provision, committed in respect of a motor vehicle, being an

offence—

(i a) of failure to conform to the indication given by a traffic sign or to comply with a direction given by a police constable, or

(b) of failure to comply with a requirement to

proceed or not to proceed in a specified direction or along a specified part of the carriageway, or

(c) of using a vehicle on a road, or causing or permitting a vehicle to be so used, so as, by the condition of the vehicle or its parts or accessories, the number of passengers carried by it, or the weight, distribution, packing or adjustment of its load, to cause, or to be likely to cause, danger, and in particular (but without prejudice to the generality of this sub-paragraph), of contravening any requirement as to brakes, steering gear or tyres or any other requirement prescribed under subsection (1) of section sixty-five of this Act.

r>

9

s

t

256

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Sections 118. TWELFTH SCHEDULE

160,234,240 and

247• Conditions affecting Classification of Public Service

Vehicles

Part I

Race Meetings, Public Gatherings, &c.

1. The journey on which the passengers are being carried must be made on the occasion of a race meeting, public gathering or other ike special occasion.

Part II

Conditions relating to certain Journeys for Vehicles

CARRYING FOUR PASSENGERS OR LESS

2. The number of passengers carried must not exceed four.

3. The making of the agreement for the payment of separate fares must not have been initiated by the driver or by the owner of the vehicle, by the person who has let the vehicle for hire by any hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement, or by any person who receives any remuneration in respect of the arrangements for the journey:

Provided that the agreement may have been initiated by the driver or owner if the passengers are not being carried in the course of a business of carrying passengers.

4. The journey must be made without previous advertisement to the public of facilities for its being made by passengers to be carried at separate fares.

5. The journey must not be one on which passengers are carried at separate fares frequently, or as a matter of routine, in the same vehicle or in vehicles (other than vehicles used under a road service licence) belonging to the same owner or belonging partly to one person and partly to another who is a party to a luring agreement or hire-purchase agreement of which any of the vehicles is the subject.

6. The journey must not be made in conjunction with, or in extension of, a service provided under a road service licence if the vehicle is owned by, or made available under any arrangement (including a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement) with, the holder of the licence or any person who receives any remuneration in respect of the service provided thereunder or in respect of arrangements for that service.

Part III

Parties of overseas Visitors

7. Each of the passengers making the journey must have been outside Great Britain at the time of concluding his arrangements to make the journey.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

257

Part IV 12™ Sot-

Alternative Conditions affecting Classification

8. Arrangements for the bringing together of all the passengers for the purpose of making the journey must have been made otherwise than by, or by a person acting on behalf of,—

(a) the holder of the public service vehicle licence in respect of

the vehicle, if such a licence is in force,

(b) the driver or the owner of the vehicle or the person who has

let the vehicle for hire by any hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement, if no such licence is in force,

and otherwise than by any person who receives any remuneration in respect of the arrangements.

9. The journey must be made without previous advertisement to the public of the arrangements therefor.

10. All the passengers must, in the case of a journey to a particular destination, be carried to, or to the vicinity of, that destination, or, in the case of a tour, be carried for the greater part of the journey.

11. No differentiation of fares for the journey on the basis of distance or of time must be made.

12. In the case of a journey to a particular destination the passengers must not include any person who frequently, or as a matter of routine, travels, at or about the time of day at which the journey is made, to or to the vicinity of that destination from a place from or through which the journey is made.

Part V Supplementary

13. For the purposes of paragraphs 4 and 9 of this Schedule no account shall be taken of any such advertisement as follows, that is to say,—

(a) a notice displayed or announcement made at or in any place

of worship in the manner in which notices or announcements for the information of persons attending that place of worship are normally displayed or made, or

(b) a notice displayed in any periodical published for the inform-

ation of persons who attend a particular place of worship or a place of worship in a particular place, and circulating wholly or mainly among persons who attend or might reasonably be expected to attend there.

14. —(1) A vehicle adapted to carry eight or more passengers shall not be treated as having been used in circumstances in which the conditions set out in Part III or Part IV of this Schedule were fulfilled unless, within such time as may be prescribed, the holder of the public lervioe vehicle licence in respect of the vehicle makes, or causes to be made, a record in such form as may be prescribed containing such particulars, other than particulars of fares or prices, relating to the journey and the circumstances in which it was arranged as may be prescribed.

I

258

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8&9Euz.2

12ih Sch. (2) A vehicle adapted to cany eight or more passengers shall not be treated as being used as aforesaid unless the driver of the vehicle carries a work ticket in such form and containing such particulars as may be prescribed, being particulars appearing to the Minister requisite for enabling records made under the last foregoing sub-paragraph to be traced and identified.

(3) The driver of a vehicle shall, on demand by a police constable in uniform or by a person authorised by the traffic commissioners, on production if so required of that person’s authority, produce a work ticket carried by him under this paragraph for inspection by the constable or person authorised; and if the driver fails so to do he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(4) The holder of a public service vehicle licence who has made or caused to be made such a record as aforesaid shall preserve it for a period of six months from the date on which it is made and shall, if required so to do at any time during that period, produce it for inspection by a person authorised by the traffic commissioners, on production if so required of that person’s authority, and if he fails so to preserve or produce it he shall be liable on summary conviction to such punishment as is specified in the last foregoing sub-paragraph.

15. In this Schedule "owner", in relation to a vehicle which is the subject of a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement, means the person in possession of the vehicle under that agreement.

Sections 164, THIRTEENTH SCHEDULE

190, 191

254. Cases in which Carrier’s Licence not required

1. The use of a farmer’s goods vehicle within the meaning of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, where the use is for the purpose for which the vehicle must be solely used if it is to remain a farmer’s goods vehicle within the meaning of that Act.

2. The use of a vehicle in a case where the excise duty in respect of the vehicle under the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, is chargeable at the rate applicable to vehicles specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section four of that Act, and the use is for one of the purposes for which the vehicle must be solely used if the duty is to remain chargeable at that rate.

3. The use of a trailer drawn by such a vehicle as is mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, where the trailer is being used for the purpose mentioned in that paragraph, or the use of a trailer drawn by a vehicle used in the circumstances mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, where the trailer is being used for one of the purposes mentioned in that paragraph.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

259

4. The use for a purpose other than the carriage of goods for 13th Sch. hire or reward of a trailer drawn by a vehicle constructed solely

for the carriage of not more than seven passengers, exclusive of the driver, and their effects.

5. The use of a public service vehicle as a stage carriage, express carriage, or contract carriage in pursuance of a licence granted under Part 111 of this Act

6. The use of a vehicle which is a hackney carriage within the meaning of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, as such a carriage.

7. The use of a vehicle for the purposes of funerals.

8. The use by a local authority, or a person acting in pursuance of a contract with a local authority, of a vehicle for road cleansing, road watering or the collection or disposal of refuse, night-soil or the contents of cesspools, or for the purposes of the enactments relating to weights and measures or the sale of food and drugs.

9. The use of a vehicle for police, fire brigade or ambulance purposes.

10. The use of a vehicle for towing a disabled motor vehicle, or for removing goods from a disabled vehicle to a place of safety.

11. The use of a vehicle under the provisions of section seventy-two of the Mines and Quarries Act, 1954 (which makes provision as to fire-fighting and rescue operations at mines).

12. The use of a vehicle for any purpose specified in regulations or the use of a vehicle of any class or description specified in regulations for any purpose or for any purpose so specified.

FOURTEENTH SCHEDULE ,73

Convictions, &c.. relevant for Purposes of Sections 173 and 178 and

1. A conviction, in relation to an authorised vehicle, of the holder 19th Sch-of the licence or a servant or agent of his of contravening or failing

to comply with any statutory provision (however expressed) relating to—

(a) the maintenance of vehicles in a fit and serviceable condition*

or

(b) limits of speed and weight, laden and unladen, and the loading of goods vehicles, or

(c) the time for which drivers of such vehicles as are regu-

lated by section seventy-three of this Act may remain continuously on duty and the hours which they are to have for rest, or

{) the keeping by holders of licences under Part IV of this Act of records as to hours of work, journeys, loads and other matters.

2. A prohibition of the use of an authorised vehicle under section, one hundred and eighty-four of this Act

12

260

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 B2

Sections 198 and 199.

FIFTEENTH SCHEDULE

Transitional Provisions relating to Licences to drive Heavy Goods Vehicles

1. On the first application for a heavy goods vehicle driver's licence made, on or after the day of the making of the order appointing a day for the purposes of section one hundred and ninety-two of this Act, by a person who satisfies the licensing authority that in the course of the year ending on the first-mentioned day he has been during any period or periods of, or amounting in the aggregate to, six months, in the habit of driving a heavy goods vehicle, and on payment of the fee prescribed tor the purposes of section one hundred and ninety-six of this Act, the licensing authority shall grant the licence, and the provisions of subsection (2) of section one hundred and ninety-three of this Act shall not apply in relation to such an application.

2. On the first application for a heavy goods vehicle driver’s licence by a person who satisfies the licensing authority that in the course of the year ending on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-four, he had been during any period or periods of, or amounting in the aggregate to, six months, in the habit of driving a heavy goods vehicle (other than a person who at any time held a licence to drive such a vehicle granted under section thirty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1934, by virtue of subsection (6) of that section), and on payment of the fee prescribed for the purposes of section one hundred and ninety-six of this Act, the licensing authority shall grant the licence and the provisions of subsection (2) of section one hundred and ninety-three of this Act shall not apply in relation to such an application.

3. Subsection (1) of section one hundred and ninety-two of this Act shall not have effect as respects—

(a) the driving of a heavy goods vehicle of any class by a person who, at the beginning of the appointed day, is the holder of a licence granted under Pant II of this Act authorising him to drive a heavy goods vehicle of that class, or (b)the employment, to drive a heavy goods vehicle of any class, of a person who at the beginning of the appointed day is the holder of such a licence authorising him to drive a heavy goods vehicle of that class, so long as (in either case) the licence in question remains in force.

4. With a view to spreading the work of granting heavy goods vehicle drivers' licences the licensing authority may, on an application for a licence made within the period of four years beginning with the day of the making of the order appointing a day for the purposes of section one hundred and ninety-two of this Act, direct that any licence granted on the application, other than a licence issued as a provisional licence, shall, notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (4) of section one hundred and ninety-three of this Act, continue in force (unless previously revoked) during such period, being a period of not less than one nor more than three years from the date on which the licence is expressed to take effect, as the licensing authority may at the time of the granting of the licence determine.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

261

SIXTEENTH SCHEDULE

Supplementary Provisions in connection with Proceedings for Offences under Section 221

1. —(1) A person against whom proceedings are brought in England or Wales for an offence under section two hundred and twenty-one of this Act (hereinafter referred to as " the principal section ") shall, upon information duly laid by him and on giving to the prosecution not less than three clear days' notice of his intention, be entitled to have any person to whose act or default he alleges that the contravention of that section was due brought before the court in the proceedings; and if, after the contravention has been proved, the original accused proves that the contravention was due to the act or default of that other person, that other person may be convicted of the offence, and, if the original accused further proves that he has used all due diligence to secure that that section was complied with, he shall be acquitted of the offence.

(2) Where an accused seeks to avail himself of the provisions of the foregoing sub-paragraph—

(a) the prosecution, as well as the person whom the accused charges with the offence, shall have the right to cross-examine him, if he gives evidence, and any witness called by him in support of his pleas, and to call rebutting evidence;

(b) the court may make such order as it thinks fit for the payment of costs by any party to the proceedings to any other party thereto.

(3) Where it appears that an offence under the principal section has been committed in respect of which proceedings might be taken in England or Wales against some person (hereinafter referred to as " the original offender "), and a person proposing to take proceedings in respect of the offence is reasonably satisfied that the offence of which complaint is made was due to an act or default of some other person, being an act or default which took place in England or Wales, and that the original offender could establish a defence under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, the proceedings may be taken against that other person without proceedings' first being taken against the original offender.

In any such proceedings the accused may be charged with, and on proof that the contravention was due to his act or default be convicted of, the offence with which the original offender might have been charged.

2. —<1) Where proceedings are brought in England or Wales against a person (hereafter in this paragraph referred to as "the accused ") in respect of a contravention of the principal section, and it is proved—

(a) that the contravention was due to the act or default of some other person, being an act or default which took place in Scotland, and

(b) that the accused used all due diligence to secure compliance with that section,

the accused shall, subject to the provisions of this paragraph, be acquitted of the offence.

Section 221.

262

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

16th Sch. (2) The accused shall not be entitled to be acquitted under this paragraph unless within seven days from the date of the service of the summons on him he has given notice in writing to the prosecution of his intention to rely upon the provisions of this paragraph, specifying the name and address of the person to whose act or default he alleges that the contravention was due, and has sent a like notice to that person.

(3) The person specified in a notice served under this paragraph shall be entitled to appear at the hearing and to give evidence, and the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing to enable him to do so.

(4) Where it is proved that the contravention of the principal section was due to the act or default of some person other than the accused, being an act or default which took place in Scotland, the court shall (whether or not the accused is acquitted) cause notice of the proceedings to be sent to the Minister.

3. —(1) Where a contravention of the principal section committed by a person in Scotland was due to an act or default of any other person, being an act or default which took place in Scotland, then, whether proceedings are or are not taken against the first* mentioned person, that other person may be charged with and convicted of the contravention and shall be liable on conviction to the same punishment as might have been inflicted on the first-mentioned person if he had been convicted of the contravention.

(2) -Where a person who is charged in Scotland with a contravention of the principal section proves to the satisfaction of the court that he has used all due diligence to secure that the provision in question was complied with and that the contravention was due to the act or default of some other person, the first-mentioned person shall be acquitted of the contravention.

4. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, in any proceedings (whether in England or Wales or Scotland) for an offence under the principal section it shall be a defence for the accused to prove—

(a) that he purchased the helmet in question as being of a type which under the principal section could be lawfully sold or offered for sale, and with a written warranty to that effect, and

(b) that he had no reason to believe at the time of the commission of the alleged offence that it was not of such a type, and

(c) that it was then in the same state as when he purchased it.

(2) A warranty shall only be a defence in any such proceedings if—

(a) the accused—

(i) has, not later than three clear days before the date of the hearing, sent to the prosecutor a copy of the warranty with a notice stating that he intends to rely on it and specifying the name and address of the person from whom he received it, and

(ii) has also sent a like notice of his intention to that person, and

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

263

(b) in the case of a warranty given by a person resident outside the United Kingdom, the accused proves that he had taken reasonable steps to ascertain, and did in fact believe in, the accuracy of the statement contained therein.

(3) Where the accused is a servant of the person who purchased the helmet in question under a warranty, he shall be entitled to rely on the provisions of this paragraph in the same way as his employer would have been entitled to do if he had been the accused.

(4) The person by whom the warranty is alleged to have been given shall be entided to appear at the hearing and to give evidence, and the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing to enable him to do so.

5.—(1) An accused who in any proceedings for an offence under the principal section wilfully applies to a helmet a warranty not given in relation to that helmet shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) A person who, in respect of a helmet sold by him, being a helmet in respect of which a warranty might be pleaded under the last foregoing paragraph, gives to the purchaser a false warranty in writing, shall be guilty of an offence, unless he proves that when he gave the warranty he had reason to believe that the statements or description contained therein were accurate.

(3) A person guilty of an offence under this paragraph shall be liable on summary conviction to the like penalties as under the principal section.

(4) Where the accused in a prosecution for an offence under the principal section relies successfully on a warranty given to him or to his employer, any proceedings under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph in respect of the warranty may, at the option of the prosecutor, be taken either before a court having jurisdiction in the place where the helmet, or any of the helmets, to which the warranty relates was procured, or before a court having jurisdiction in the place where the warranty was given.

SEVENTEENTH SCHEDULE Amendments of other Acts

The Roads and Bridges (,Act, 1878 (41 & 42 Vict c. 51.

Schedule (Q shall have effect in relation to a vehicle to which subsection (2) of section sixty-four of this Act applies, as if in section XCVI (penalties for persons committing various nuisances on highways) the words " or more than one foot laterally beyond the wheel of such carriage ", and section CVIII, were omitted.

The Burgh Police (Sco Act, 1892 (55 & 56 Vict. c. 55.

Paragraph (50) of section three hundred and eighty-one (which provides for the labelling of carriages and carts) shall not have effect in relation to vehicles to which subsection (2) of section sixty-four of this Act applies.

16th Sch.

Sections 264 and 265.

264

Ch. 16

Road Traffic Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

17th Sch. The Road Traffic 1930

(20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43.

After subsection (1) of section one hundred and twenty-one (interpretation) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

"(1a) References in this Act to public service vehicles, contract carriages and the London Traffic Area shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act, I960."

The London Passenger Transport Act, 1933 (23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 14.

In subsection (2) of section sixteen and subsection (3) of section seventeen (penalties for carrying passengers contrary to those sections), for the words "he shall be guilty of an offence under the Road Traffic Act, 1930 " there shall be substituted the words " he shall be guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months; and any sum paid to the Secretary of State under section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, in respect of a fine imposed in respect of an offence under this subsection shall be deemed to be Exchequer moneys within the meaning of that section.".

After subsection (1) of section one hundred and seven (interpretation) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (1a) References in this Act to public service vehicles, stage carriages, express carriages, contract carriages and the London Traffic Area shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act, I960.".

The Civil Defence Act, 1939 (2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 31.

In subsection (1) of section eight (power of local authorities to construct underground car-parks suitable for use as air-raid shelters), for the words " section sixty-eight of the Public Health Act, 1925, or under section twenty of the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935 " there shall be substituted the words " section eighty-one or eighty-two of the Road Traffic Act, I960,".

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 (10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

The following entry shall be added to the Sixth Schedule: —

" Sections 81 (13), 83 (9) and 261 (2) Such period as the Secre-of the Road Traffic Act, 1960. tary of State may fix ".

The Transport Act, 1947 (10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

In subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-five (interpretation) for the words from " expressions used in Part III " to the end there shall be substituted the words " references in this Act to public service vehicles, express carriages, stage carriages, tramcan and trolley vehicles shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act, I960.".

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

265

In paragraph 5 of the Tenth Schedule (provisions as to the Trans- 17th Sch. port Tribunal) the reference to the jurisdiction conferred on the Transport Tribunal by the Act shall be construed as including a reference to jurisdiction conferred on them by Part IV of this Act and, in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 6 of that Schedule, after the words "Court of Session* there shall be inserted the words "or by virtue of any jurisdiction conferred on them by Part IV of the Road Traffic Act, I960.*.

The Transport Act, 1953

(1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

In section eleven (regulations for carrying into effect preceding provisions as to disposal of British Transport Commission’s road haulage undertaking),—

(a) in subsection (1), for the words " The power of the Minister under section twenty-five of the Road and Rail Traffic Act,

1933, to make regulations for the purpose of carrying Part I of that Act into effect*, there shall be substituted the words " The power of the Minister under section one hundred and ninety of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, to make regulations for the purpose of carrying Part IV of that Act into effect *, and for the words " Part I *, where last occurring, there shall be substituted the words "Part IV";

(b) in subsection (2), for the words " section thirty-four of the Road and Rad Traffic Act, 1933 *, there shall be substituted the words " sections two hundred and thirty-three and two hundred and thirty-seven of the Road Traffic Act, I960*.

In subsection (3) of section thirty-five (interpretation), for the words " expressions have the same meanings as in the Road Traffic Act, 1930*, there shall be substituted the words "references to public service vehicles and contract carriages shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act,

1960".

Any reference in the First Schedule (rights of obtaining licences for five years for goods vehicles free of charge) to the giving of directions under subsection (3) of section thirteen of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, shall be construed as a reference to the giving of directions under section one hundred and seventy-eight of this Act for the curtailment of a licence.

The Local Government ( Miscellaneou Provisions) Act, 1953 (1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

In subsection (4) of section four (provision of omnibus shelters, 4c.) for the words from "and ‘public service vehicle* to the end there shall be substituted the words "and the references to public service vehicles shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act, 1960, it being assumed that so much of subsection (1) of section one hundred and seventeen of that Act as excludes tramcars and trolley vehicles were omitted *.

I*

266

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 &9Euz. 2

17th Sch.

The Post Office

(1 & 2. Eliz. 2. c. 36.

After subsection (1) of section eighty-seven (interpretation) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (1a) In the application of this Act to Great Britain, references to public service vehicles shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act, I960.".

The Transport Charges Ac, (Miscell Provisions) 1954

(2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 64.

In subsection (1) of section thirteen (interpretation) for the words from "and ‘public service vehicle*" to the end there shall be substituted the words "and references to public service vehicles, road service licences and trolley vehicles shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act, I960.*.

The Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957 (5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 51.

At the end of section thirteen (regulations) there shall be added the following subsection:—

"(3) Before making any regulations under this Act the Minister shall consult with such representative organisations as he thinks fit.".

The Local Government {Omnibus Shelters and Queue Barriers) (Scotland) Act, 1958 (6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

In subsection (1) of section seven (interpretation) the definition of "public service vehicle* shall be omitted and there shall be added at the end of that subsection the words " and the references to public service vehicles shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act, 1960, it being assumed that so much of subsection (1) of section one hundred and seventeen of that Act as excludes tramcars and trolley vehicles were omitted."

The Highways Act, 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

In subsection (1) of section nineteen (certain trunk roads to be treated as special roads), for the words "the Special Roads Act, 1949 (except subsection (2) of section nine)" there shall be substituted the words "subsection (4) of section nine of the Special Roads Act, 1949 ".

After subsection (4) of section two hundred and ninety-five (interpretation) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

"(4a) References in this Act to the London Traffic Area shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act, I960.".

1960

Road Traffic; 1960

Ch. 16

267

EIGHTEENTH SCHEDULE Repeals and Revocations Part I Enactments repealed

Section 267 and 19th and 20th Schs.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 34.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 71.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43.

The London Traffic Act, 1924.

The Public Health Act, 1925.

The Road Iraffic Act, 1930.

The whole Act

Section sixty-eight

Sections one to fifty.

In section fifty-seven, subsections (3) to (5).

Section fifty-nine.

In section sixty, paragraph (a).

Part IV.

In section one hundred and eight, subsection (2).

In section one hundred and ten, the words " within the meaning of the London Traffic Act, 1924".

Sections one hundred and eleven and one hundred and twelve.

In section one hundred and thirteen, in subsection (2), the words " for which no special penalty is provided ", and subsection (3).

Section one hundred and sixteen.

In section one hundred and seventeen, the words from " or the regulations made thereunder" to "this Act".

In section one hundred and nineteen, subsection (1), in subsection (3), the words from "or of section one hundred and twenty " to the end, subsections (5) and (6), in subsection (8), the words from " provided that" to the end, and subsection (10).

Section one hundred and twenty.

In section one hundred and twenty-one, in subsection (1), the definitions of " tramcar ", "owner", "driver", "prescribed", "bridge authority", " police authority ", " chief

officer of police ", " police

fund" and "salvage", and subsection (2).

Section one hundred and twenty-

two.

The Schedules.

1*2

268

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

The Road Traffic (Amendment) Act, 1931.

The London Passenger Transport Act, 1933.

Extent of Repeal

The whole Act.

In section fifty-one, subsection (2), in subsection (4), the words from " (b) that as regards " to " transferred to the said Commissioner of Police*, in subsection (3), paragraph (a), subsection (6) and, in subsection (7), the words " public service vehicles

18th Sch.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 32.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 14.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 53.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50.

Sections fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-seven and fifty-eight.

In section fifty-nine, in subsection (1), paragraph (a), in paragraph (c) the word "either ’*, the words " the Act of 1924 or ’*, and the words from " The provisions *’ onwards.

Sections sixty, sixty-one, sixty-three and sixty-four.

In section one hundred and seven, in subsection (1), in the definition of "Advisory Committee’’, the words from "as constituted’* to the end, and the definitions of " London Traffic Area", "public service vehicle", "express carriage", " contract carriage " and " stage carriage ".

The Eleventh, Twelfth and Thirteenth Schedules.

Parti.

The First Schedule.

Sections one to twenty-two.

Sections twenty-six to thirty-eight.

In section forty-one, paragraphs (1) to (7) and (9) to (12).

In section foity-two, in subsection (1), the words " and shall be" onwards, and subsection (2).

The First and Second Schedules.

The Third Schedule, except the entries therein relating to subsection (2) of section fifty-seven, and to section one hundred and seven, of the Road Traffic Act, 1930.

The Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933.

The Road Traffic Act, 1934.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

269

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

25 A26 Geo. 5. The Restriction of Rib-c. 47. bon Development Act,

1935.

Section sixteen.

In section twenty, subsection (2).

In section twenty-three, in subsection (2), the words from " and for the purposes " to the end.

In section twenty-five, in paragraph (2), the words " for any reference to section sixty-eight of the Public Health Act, 1925,

there shall be substituted a reference to section one hundred

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 23.

1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 5.

The Road Traffic (Driving Licences) Act, 1936.

The Trunk Roads Act, 1936.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 44. 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 52.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 37.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 44.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 48.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 31.

9 A 10 Geo. 6.

c. 13.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 26.

The Road Traffic Act, 1937.

The Chairmen of Traffic Commissioners, &c. (Tenure of Office) Act, 1937.

The Street Playgrounds Act, 1938.

The Road Haulage Wages Act, 1938.

The Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1938.

The Civil Defence Act, 1939.

The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

The Emergency Laws (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1946.

9 A 10 Geo. 6.

c. 28.

9 A* 10 Geo. 6.

c 30 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

The Assurance Companies Act, 1946.

The Trunk Roads Act, 1946

The National Health Service Act, 1946.

and twenty of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 ", and paragraph (9). The whole Act.

In the Second Schedule, the entries relating to sections forty-seven and forty-eight of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, and section thirty of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933.

In the Third Schedule, in Part I, the entries relating to section forty-six of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, and sections one and eighteen of the Road Traffic Act, 1934.

The whole Act.

Section one.

The whole Act.

In section seven, subsection (4).

Section seven.

In section ninety-one, subsection

(6).

Section five.

In the Second Schedule, the entries relating to the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, and the Road Traffic Act, 1934.

The whole Act.

In section three, subsection (1).

In the Tenth Schedule, the pant-graph relating to the Road Traffic Acts, 1930 and 1934.

18th Sch.

270

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

18th Sgh.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 6.

c. 8.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

The Road Traffic (Driving Licences) Act, 1947. The National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947.

The Transport Act, 1947.

The whole Act

In the Eleventh Schedule, the paragraph relating to the Road Traffic Acts, 1930 and 1934. Sections fifty-seven and seventy-three.

In section one hundred and

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 58.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 32.

The Criminal Justice Act, 1948.

The Special Roads Act, 1949.

14 Geo. 6. c. 24 The Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950.

14 Geo. 6.C.39 The Public Utilities Street Works Act, 1950.

twenty-five, subsection (2).

In section forty-one, subsection

(2).

Section twelve.

In section sixteen, in subsection (1), the words from "and for prescribing " to the end.

Section six.

In section twenty-seven, subsection (1).

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 36.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2.

c. 45.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 47.

The Magistrates' Courts Act, 1952.

The Transport Act, 1953.

The Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953.

The Post Office Act, 1953.

The School Crossing Patrols Act, 1953.

The Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953.

In the Fifth Schedule, the entry relating to the Road Traffic Act, 1930.

Section nine.

In section eighteen, in subsection (2), the words from the beginning to the end of proviso (a), and, in subsection (4), paragraphs (b) and (c).

In section twenty-five, subsection

(4).

In section twelve, subsection (2).

In section eighty-seven, in subsection (1), the definition of "public service vehicle ".

The whole Act.

Sections seven and eight.

In section thirteen, the words " seven, eight

In the First Schedule, paragraphs 1 and 2.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 64.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

The Transport Charges, &c. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1954. The Army Act, 1955 ...

In section nine, in subsection (1), the words " public service vehicles

In section orib hundred and seventy-three, the words from " and section thirty-five " to the end.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. . c. 19.

The Air Force Act, 1955

In section one hundred and seventy-three, the words from " and section thirty-five " to the end.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

271

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

4 A 5 FJiz. 2. The Miscellaneous c. 6. Financial Provisions

Act, 1955.

4 A 5 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act, c. 67. 1956.

In the First Schedule, the entry relating to the London Traffic Act, 1924, paragraphs 3 and 4 of the entry relating to the Road Traffic Act, 1930, and the entries relating to the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, and the Road Traffic Act, 1934.

Sections one to forty-four (except subsection (5) of section four).

Sections forty-six to fifty-one.

In section fifty-two, in subsection (1), the words " the Minister or of*', subsections (2) and (3), and, in subsection (4), the words

"under Part I of the Local

Government Act, 1948, or ". Section fifty-three.

In section fifty-four, subsections (1) and (2).

In section fifty-five, in subsection (1), the words from " and this Act" to the end, and subsections (3) and (4).

The Schedules.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2.

c. 29.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 42.

The Magistrates* Courts Act, 1957.

The Parish Councils Act, 1957.

5 A6Eliz. 2. c. 44.

5 A6Eliz. 2. c. 51.

The National Health Service (Amendment) Act, 1957.

The Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957.

6 A 7 Eliz. 2 c. 50.

6 A 7 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

The Local Government (Omnibus Shelters and Queue Barriers) (Scotland) Act, 1958. The Local Government Act, 1958.

6 A 7 Eliz. 2. The Local Government c. 64. and Miscellaneous

Financial Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1958.

Section two and, in section six, in subsection (4), the word "two

Section four.

In section five, in subsection (1), the words "or any parking place*’ and, in subsection (4), the words "parking place (including any structure for use as a parking place) or other" and the words "parking place or other *, and subsection (5).

In section one, subsection (2).

In section eleven, in subsection (2), the words "and for the purposes of section eight of the Road Traffic Act, 1934".

In section twelve, subsection (3).

In section eighteen, subsection (4).

Section twenty.

In section seven, in subsection (1), the definition of "public service vehicle *.

In the Eighth Schedule, paragraphs 32 and 34 and, in paragraph 35, the words " and 34 ".

In the Fourth Schedule, paragraphs 18 and 20 .

18th Sea.

272

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 25. The Highways Act, 1959. In section two hundred and ninety-five, in subsection (1), the definition of "London Traffic Area". In the Twenty-second Schedule, the entry relating to the Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950.

Part n

Orders and Regulations revoked

Year and Number

Short Title

Extent of Revocation

.R.& 0.1934/ 1400.

The Metropolitan Traffic Area (Drivers* and Conductors’ Licences) Order, 1934.

In Article 2, the definitions of " the Metropolitan Traffic Area*, "the Traffic Commissioner ", " the Act of 1930 * and " public service vehicle *.

.R.& 0.1940/ 2073 (. 98).

.I. 1955/1955

.I. 1957/340

The Variation of Traffic Areas (Scotland) Order, 1940.

The Transfer of Functions (Roads, Bridges and Ferries) Order, 1955.

The Motor Vehicles (Variation of Speed Limit) Regulations,

Part II.

The whole of the order.

In Article 6, paragraph (3).

In the First Schedule, in Part I, the entries relating to sections twenty - three, twenty - seven, thirty, forty-six, forty-seven, forty-eight and fifty-nine of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, all the entries relating to the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, the Road Traffic Act, 1934, the Street Playgrounds Act, 1938, and the School Crossing Patrols Act, 1953, in the entry relating to the Special Roads Act, 1949, the words "except subsection (6) of section twelve", and in the entry relating to the Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950, the words "except subsection (2) of section six" and Part II.

The whole of the regulations.

1956.

.1. 1959/1587

The Metropolitan Traffic Area (Drivers’ and Conductors* Licences) Order, 1959.

The whole of the order.

1960

Road Traffic Act, 1960

Ch. 16

273

NINETEENTH SCHEDULE Savings and transitional Provisions

1. In so far as any order, regulation, rule, scheme, byelaw, advance, agreement, application, appointment, arrangement, declaration, determination, nomination, objection, request, specification or statement made or having effect as if made, authorisation, dispensation, licence or permit granted, approval, certificate, consent, designation, direction or notice issued, given or delivered, condition, prohibition or requirement imposed or attached, classification or backing effected, or other thing done, under an enactment repealed by this Act could have been made, granted, issued, given, delivered, imposed, attached, effected or done under a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal effected by section two hundred and sixty-seven of this Act, but shall have effect as if made, granted, issued, given, delivered, imposed, attached, effected or done under that corresponding provision.

2. Nothing in this Act shall affect the enactments repealed thereby in their operation in relation to offences committed before the commencement of this Act or to appeals against disqualifications by virtue of convictions for offences so committed or against orders made in consequence of such convictions.

3. Any enactment passed before the passing of this Act referring, whether specifically or by means of a general description, to an enactment repealed by this Act shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act, and any document made or issued before the passing of this Act or any time thereafter (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) referring, whether specifically or by means of a general description, to an enactment so repealed shall, unless die contrary intention appears, be similarly construed.

4. —(1) Without prejudice to paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any reference in this Act (whether express or implied) to a thing done or made or falling to be done or made, or to a thing suffered, or to an event which has occurred, under or for the purposes of or by reference to a provision of this Act shall, in so far as the context permits, be construed as including a reference to the corresponding thing done or made or falling to be done or made, to the corresponding thing suffered or, as the case may be, to the corresponding event which occurred under, or for the purposes of, or by reference to, the corresponding provision of the enactments repealed by this Act.

(2) The foregoing sub-paragraph shall not apply to any reference in this Act to a conviction except the reference thereto in the Fourteenth Schedule to this Act.

5. —(1) For the purpose of determining—

(a) the punishment (by fine, imprisonment or both) which may

be imposed on a person in respect of the commission by him of an offence against any provision of this Act, or

(b) whether such an offence committed by a person involves obligatory disqualification for holding or obtaining a licence under Part n of this Act, or

(c) whether the power of the court to order disqualification for

bolding or obtaining such a licence in consequence of the

Section 267.

274

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Fjiz. 2

19ra Sch. commission by a person of such an offence is excluded or

subject to any limitation,

then—

(i) if the offence is against a provision specified in the first

column of (he following Table, an offence committed by that person against the provision of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 ("the 1930 Act") or the Road Traffic Act, 1956 ("the 1956 Act") specified in the second column of that Table in relation to the first-mentioned provision shall be deemed to have been committed against that provision, and

(ii) if the offence is against any other provision of this Act, an offence committed by that person against the corresponding provision of the enactments repealed by this Act shall be deemed to have been committed against that other provision.

Table

Provision of this Act

Provision of the 1930 or 1956 Act

Subsection (1) of section two.

Subsection (1) of section three.

Subsection (1) of section six.

Subsection (1) of section eleven of the 1930 Act, in its application to motor vehicles.

Subsection (1) of section twelve of the 1930 Act, in its application to motor vehicles.

Subsection (1) of section fifteen of the 1930 Act, in so far as it applied to driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle.

Subsection (2) of section six.

Section nine

Subsection (1) of section ten.

Subsection (1) of section eleven.

Subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-six.

Subsection (2) of section two hundred and

Subsection (1) of section fifteen of the 1930 Act in so far as it applied to J driving or attempting to drive, or being | in charge of, a motor vehicle.

Subsection (1) of section nine of the 1956 Act.

Subsection (1) of section eleven of the 1930 Act, in its application, by virtue of section eleven of the 1956 Act, to bicycles and tricycles not being motor vehicles. Subsection (1) of section twelve of the 1930 Act, in its application, by virtue of section eleven of the 1956 Act, to bicycles and tricycles not being motor vehicles.

Subsection (1) of section fifteen of the 1930 Act, in its application, by virtue of section eleven of the 1956 Act, to bicycles and tricycles not being motor vehicles.

Subsection (1) of section forty of the 1930

r Act

twenty-six.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

275

(2) Without prejudice to the general application of the foregoing 19th Sch. sab-paragraph to paragraphs 5 and 7 of the Eleventh Schedule to this Act, the reference in the said paragraph 5 (in die second column) to the offence specified in paragraph 4 shall be construed as including a reference to the corresponding offence under the enactments repealed by this Act, and the reference in the said paragraph 7 (in the third column) to the offence specified in paragraph 6 shall be similarly construed.

6. Where an offence, being an offence for the continuance of which a penalty was provided, has been committed under an enactment repealed by this Act, proceedings may be taken under this Act in respect of the continuance of the offence after the commencement of this Act, in the same manner as if the offence had been committed under the corresponding provision of this Act.

7. Section one hundred and six of this Act shall apply to a person disqualified, by virtue of a conviction under the enactments repealed by this Act, for holding a licence under Part I of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, as, by virtue of paragraph 4 of this Schedule, it applies to a person disqualified by an order of a court under those enactments for holding such a licence, references to the conviction and the court by which he was convicted being substituted for references respectively to the order by which the disqualification was imposed and the court by which the order was made.

8. Sections one hundred and six and one hundred and ten of this Act shall apply to a person disqualified by an order of a court under the Motor Car Act, 1903, for obtaining a licence under that Act as they apply to a person disqualified by an order of a court under Part II of this Act for holding or obtaining a licence under the said Part II.

9. Any person appointed to an office under or by virtue of an enactment repealed by this Act shall be deemed to have been appointed to that office under or by virtue of this Act.

10. Any record kept under an enactment repealed by this Act shall be deemed to form part of the record kept under the corresponding provision of this Act.

11. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, anything done by the Minister as respects Scotland before the coming into operation of the Transfer of Functions (Roads, Bridges and Ferries) Order, 1955, being a thing done in the exercise of a function to which the entries pertaining to that Order in the third column of Part II of the last foregoing Schedule relate, shall continue to have effect as if done by die Secretary of State or by the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly, as the case may be.

12. A direction in an order made under section one of the Road Traffic Act, 1934, and in force at the commencement of this Act that a length of road is to be deemed to be, or not to be, a road in a built-up area shall have effect as if it were a direction that that length of road is to become, or (as the case may be) to cease to be, a restricted road for the purposes of section nineteen of this Act, and any reference in any Act or in an instrument (other than such an order as aforesaid) made under an enactment repealed by this Act and in force as aforesaid to a road in a built-up area shall be construed as referring to such a restricted road as aforesaid.

276

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

19ih Sch. 13. Any byelaw made under section one hundred and four of the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, or paragraph (1) or (3) of section three hundred and eighty-five of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, which is in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and have effect as if it were an order made under section twenty-six of this Act

14. The provisions of section twenty-seven of this Act shall apply to—

(a) orders made by the Minister under subsection (4) of

section seven of the Roads Act, 1920; and

(b) orders made by him under section forty-six of the Road Traffic Act 1930, before the coming into operation of section twenty-nine of the Road and Rail Traffic Act 1933, being orders which under the said section twenty-nine would have fallen to be made by a council to which the said section forty-six applied;

as if they were orders made by such a council; and references in any such order as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph to heavy motor cars or to locomotives shall be construed respectively as references to heavy motor cars as defined by this Act and to heavy locomotives and light locomotives as so defined.

15. In so far as it relates to the London Traffic Area, an order made or having effect as if made under section forty-six of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, or subsection (4) of section twenty-nine of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, which is in force at the commencement of this Act shall have effect by virtue of this paragraph but may be revoked or varied by regulations under section thirty-four of this Act.

16. The validity or duration of a licence granted under Part I of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, shall not be affected by reason that, under the provisions of section forty-eight of the Road Traffic Act, 1956, the licence ought to have been granted so as to remain in force for a period other than that for which the licence was in fact granted.

17. The repeal by this Act of subsection (2) of section forty-six of the Road Traffic Act, 1956, shall not affect the validation effected thereby of any scheme for the establishment on a road of crossings for foot passengers, and the repeal by this Act of subsection (3) of that section shall not affect the validation effected thereby of regulations under section eighteen of the Road Traffic Act, 1934; but nothing in this paragraph shall affect any proceedings for a contravention of such regulations which were pending at the coming into operation of the said section forty-six.

18. Subsection (8) of section forty-six of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, shall be deemed always to have had effect as if the reference therein to urban districts had included a reference to boroughs not being county boroughs.

19. The repeal by this Act of section one hundred and sixteen of. and the Fourth Schedule to, the Road Traffic Act, 1930, or of any enactment amending or otherwise relating to those provisions shall not affect any right to such compensation as is mentioned in that section, and the like provisions as to the determination and payment of such compensation (including provisions as to appeals against a refusal of the grant thereof or as to the amount thereof) shall apply as would have applied if this Act had not passed.

1960

Road Traffic , 1960

Ch. 16

277

TWENTIETH SCHEDULE

Special Provisions as to Coming into Operation of certain Provisions of this Act

Part I Relevant Provisions

1. The provisions of this Act referred to in subsection (1) of section two hundred and seventy thereof are—

(a) subsection (2) of section nineteen and the Eighteenth

Schedule in so far as it operates to repeal subsections (3) and (4) of section four of the Road Traffic Act, 1956;

(b) section forty-one;

(c) section sixty-six and the Eighteenth Schedule in so far as

it operates to repeal section two of the Road Traffic Act, 1956;

() section sixty-seven, the Eighth Schedule and the Eighteenth Schedule in so far as it operates to repeal section three of, and the First Schedule to, the Road Traffic Act, 1956;

(e) subsection (4) of section one hundred and two and the

Eighteenth Schedule in so far as it operates to repeal subsection (1) of section eighteen of the Road Traffic Act, 1956;

(/) section two hundred and sixty-six.

Part n

Coming into Operation of Relevant Provisions

2. The following provisions shall have effect as regards the provisions of this Act mentioned in sub-paragraph (a) of the foregoing paragraph, namely,—

(a) if the provisions of the Road Traffic Act, 1956, specified in

that paragraph (hereinafter referred to as the " old provisions ") are in operation immediately before the commencement of this Act, the said provisions of this Act (hereinafter referred to as the "new provisions") shall come into operation at that commencement;

(b) if the old provisions come into operation at that commencement, the new provisions shall come into operation immediately thereafter;

(c) if the old provisions neither are in operation immediately

before, nor come into operation at, that commencement, the new provisions shall come into operation immediately after the old provisions come into operation.

3. The last foregoing paragraph shall apply to the provisions of this Act mentioned in sub-paragraph ( of paragraph 1 of this Schedule and those mentioned in sub-paragraph (e) of that paragraph as it applies to those mentioned in sub-paragraph (a) of that paragraph.

Section 270.

278

Ch. 16

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 B2

20ra Sch, 4. The following provisions shall have effect as regards the provisions of this Act mentioned in sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, namely,—

(a) if the provisions of the Road Traffic Act, 1956, specified in

that paragraph (hereinafter referred to as the " old provisions ") are, as respects all vehicles to which they apply, in operation immediately before the commencement of this Act, the said provisions of this Act (hereinafter referred to as the " new provisions ") shall come into operation at that commencement;

(b) if the old provisions come into operation, as respects all such vehicles as aforesaid, at that commencement, the new provisions shall come into operation immediately thereafter;

(c) if the old provisions come into operation after that

commencement on the same day as respects all such vehicles as aforesaid, the new provisions shall come into operation immediately after the old provisions come into operation;

() if different days are appointed for the coming into operation of the old provisions as respects vehicles registered at different times, and those days do not fall before that commencement, then—

(i) in relation to a vehicle as respects which the old provisions are in operation immediately before that commencement, the new provisions shall come into operation at that commencement;

(ii) in relation to a vehicle as respects which the old provisions come into operation at that commencement, the new provisions shall come into operation immediately thereafter;

(iii) in relation to a vehicle falling within neither head (i) nor head (ii) of this sub-paragraph, the new provisions shall come into operation immediately after the old provisions come into operation as respects it.

5. Sections forty-one and two hundred and sixty-six of this Act shall each come into operation on such day as the Minister may, by order made by statutory instrument, appoint in relation thereto.

Part HI

Extension of Section 64 during any Period of Postponement of Coming into Operation of Section 67

6. If, by virtue of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the coming into operation of section sixty-seven of, and the Eighth Schedule to, this Act is postponed until after the commencement of this Act, section sixty-four thereof shall, during the period of postponement, have effect as if, at the end of paragraph (g) of subsection (1) thereof, there were added the words " and for empowering persons authorised by or under the regulations to test and inspect, either on a road or, subject to the consent of the owner of the premises, on any premises where the vehicle is, any such brakes, silencers or steering gear ".

1960

Road Traffic; 1960

Ch. 16

279

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Metropolitan Police Act, 1839

Town Police Clauses Act, 1847

Locomotive Act, 1861

Thames Embankment Act, 1862

Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867

Court of Session Act, 1868

Metropolitan Public Carriage Act, 1869

Licensing Act, 1872

Public Health Act, 1875

Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878

Telegraph Act, 1878

Interpretation Act, 1889

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892

Local Government Act, 1894

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

Light Railways Act, 1896

Locomotives Act, 1898

Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903

Motor Car Act, 1903

Open Spaces Act, 1906

Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907 ... London Cab and Stage Carriage Act, 1907 ...

Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913

Forgery Act, 1913

Bankruptcy Act, 1914

Ministry of Transport Act, 1919

Roads Act, 1920

Police Pensions Act, 1921

London Traffic Act, 1924

Law of Property Act, 1925 ...

Roads Improvement Act, 1925...

Parks Regulation (Amendment) Act, 1926 ...

Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929 Third Parties (Rights against Insurers) Act,

1930

Road Traffic Act, 1930

London Passenger Transport Act, 1933

Local Government Act, 1933

Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933

Road Traffic Act, 1934

Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935 Public Health Act, 1936

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 89.

24 & 25 Vict c. 70.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 93.

30 & 31 Vict c. 134.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 100.

32 & 33 Vict c. 115.

35 & 36 Vict c. 94.

38 & 39 Vict c. 55.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 51.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 76.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

55 & 56 Vict c. 55.

56 & 57 Vict c. 73.

57 & 58 Vict c. 60.

59 & 60 Vict c. 48.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 29.

3 Edw. 7. c. 25.

3 Edw. 7. c. 36.

6 Edw. 7. c. 25.

7 Edw. 7. c. 53.

7 Edw. 7. c. 55.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.C.20.

3 &4 Geo. 5.C.27.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 59.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 50.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 72.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 31.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 34.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 20.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 68.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 36.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 59.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 25.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 25.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 14.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 53.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 47.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8.

c. 49.

Physical Training and Recreation Act, 1937 ...

Road Haulage Wages Act, 1938

Education Act, 1944

Trunk Roads Act, 1946

Police Act 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

Act 1946

Education (Scotland) Act 1946

National Health Service Act, 1946

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 46.

1 & 2 Geo. e. c. 44.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 30.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 46.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

280

Ch. 16, 17

Road Traffic , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Transport Act, 1947

Special Roads Act, 1949

Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949

Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949

National Parks and Access to the Countryside

Act, 1949

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949

Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950 Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 32. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 89. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 94.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 97. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

14 Geo. 6. c. 24.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2.

c. 55.

Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act, 1953

Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954 ...

Mines and Quarries Act, 1954

Army Act, 1955

Air Force Act, 1955

Police (Scotland) Act, 1956

Road Traffic Act, 1956

National Health Service (Amendment) Act,

1957

Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957

Insurance Companies Act, 1958

Highways Act, 1959

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 70.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 51.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

CHAPTER 17

An Act to authorise further advances to the National Coal Board for capital purposes.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Extension of 1.—(1) Section one of the Coal Industry Act, 1956 (which limits

power to make to six hundred and fifty million pounds the aggregate amount the ^National outstanding by way of principal in respect of advances made by Coal Board, the Minister of Power to the National Coal Board before the 4 &5 Eliz. 2. second day of August, nineteen hundred and sixty-one, and to c. 61. seventy-five million pounds, or a greater sum specified by order

of the Minister, the excess of the aggregate amount so outstanding in any financial year over the highest aggregate amount so outstanding in the immediately preceding financial year) is hereby

1960

Coal Industry Act, 1960

Ch. 17

281

repealed; and for the proviso replaced by that section (that is to

say the proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty-six of the Coal

Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946, as substituted by section one 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

of the Coal Industry Act, 1951) there shall be substituted the c. 59.

following:— 14 *15 Geo*6-

c. 41.

" Provided that the aggregate amount outstanding by way of principal—

(a) in respect of advances under this section made before the end of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-five—

(i) shall not at any time exceed seven hundred million pounds or such greater sum, not exceeding seven hundred and fifty million pounds, as the Minister may by order specify; and

(ii) shall not at any time in any financial year exceed by more than fifty million pounds (or such greater sum as the Minister may by order specify for that year) the highest aggregate amount so outstanding at any time during the immediately preceding financial year; and

(b) in respect of advances under this section made after the end of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-five, shall not exceed such amount as Parliament may hereafter determine.*

(2) Notwithstanding the repeal of section one of the Coal Industry Act, 1956, any order made under that section which specifies a sum for the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty, shall continue in force and have effect as if made under sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (a) of the proviso substituted by subsection (1) of this section.

2.—-(1) This Act may be cited as the Coal Industry Act, 1960, Short title, and the Coal Industry Acts, 1946 to 1956, and this Act may be c|r^ti°n 80(1 cited together as the Coal Industry Acts, 1946 to 1960. c

(2) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

282

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 18

Local Employment , 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Powers for providing Employment in

LOCALITIES WITH SPECIAL DANGER OF UNEMPLOYMENT

Section

1. Purpose for which Part I powers exercisable, and duration of powers.

2. Provision of premises and sites.

3. Building grants.

4. General power to make loans or grants to undertakings.

5. Derelict, etc., land.

6. Payments for removal and resettlement of key workers and their

dependants.

7. Financial assistance for improvement of basic services.

8. The Industrial Estates Management Corporations.

9. Functions of Management Corporations.

10. Accounts of Management Corporations and the Board.

11. Parliamentary disqualification of members of Management Corpora-

tions.

12. Industrial estate companies.

13. Provisions as to compulsory acquisition of land.

13. Provisions as to land, etc., outside development districts.

15. Interpretation of Part I.

Part II

Industrial Development Certificates

16. Amendments as to industrial development certificates.

17. Determinations under principal enactment to take particular account of

purposes of Part I.

18. Extension of principal enactment to changes of use.

19. Minor amendments as to industrial development certificates.

20. Application of Part II to Scotland.

Part III

General and Supplementary

21. Meaning of " industrial building ".

22. Saving for local authorities* building powers.

23. Annual report of Board of Trade.

24. Exercise of powers of Board of Trade.

25. Expenses and receipts.

26. Consequential amendments of Acts.

27. Additional powers for safeguarding loans.

28. Repeals and transitional provisions.

29. Short title and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Provisions as to Industrial Estates Management Corporations.

Second Schedule—The Industrial Estate Companies.

Third Schedule—Enactments Repealed.

1960

Local Employment , 1960

Ch. 18

283

An Act to make provision to promote employment in localities in England, Scotland and Wales where high and persistent unemployment exists or is threatened, and to make consequential provision as respects the industrial estate companies; to amend subsection (4) of section fourteen of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and subsection (4) of section twelve of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (industrial development certificates); and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part 1

Powers for Providing Employment in Localities with Special Danger of Unemployment

L—(1) The powers conferred by the six next following Purpose for sections shall be exercisable, with due regard to the proper which Part 1 diversification of industry, for the purpose of providing for the Powe.rs benefit of any development district employment appropriate ^dSation {having regard to the circumstances of the district generally and of powers of any particular description of persons therein) to the needs of the district

(2) In this Act " development district " means any locality in Great Britain in which in the opinion of the Board of Trade (hereinafter referred to as " the Board ") a high rate of unemployment exists, or is to be expected within such a period that it is expedient to exercise the said powers, and (in either case) is likely to persist, whether seasonally or generally.

(3) In determining whether and in what manner to exercise their powers under this Part of this Act for the benefit of any development district the Board shall have regard—

(a) to the relationship between the expenditure involved and

the employment likely to be provided; and

(b) to any consequential effect on employment in other development districts.

284

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part I

Provision of premises and sites.

(4) Any reference in the following provisions of this Act to a development district shall have effect as if—

(a) any county district which in relation to the development

district, or to that locality and any other area, is a receiving district within the meaning of the Town Development Act, 1952,

(b) any burgh or county the council of which are, in relation

to the development district, or to that locality and any other area, a receiving authority within the meaning of Part II of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act, 1957, and

(c) any place so situated that workers living in the development district, or in any such county district, burgh or county as aforesaid, can conveniently work at that place,

formed part of the development district.

(5) In this Part of this Act " the purposes of this Part of this Act " means the purpose for which the powers thereby conferred are exercisable under subsection (1) of this section.

(6) The powers conferred by this Part of this Act shall not be exercisable after the expiration of seven years from the commencement thereof unless Parliament otherwise determines.

2.For the purposes of this Part of this Act the Board shall have power, in order to provide or facilitate the provision of premises in any development district for occupation by undertakings carried on or to be carried on there or for otherwise meeting the requirements of such undertakings (including requirements arising from the needs of persons employed or to be employed therein),—

(a) to acquire land by agreement or, if so authorised,

compulsorily;

(b) to erect buildings and carry out works on land belonging to the Board;

(c) by agreement with the persons interested in any other

land, to erect buildings and carry out works on the land on such terms (including terms as to repayment of expenditure incurred by the Board) as may be specified in the agreement:

Provided that the Board shall not acquire under this section any buildings other than industrial buildings except for redevelopment or as part of a larger property which in the opinion of the Board would be incomplete without them.

1960

Local Employment , 1960

Ch. 18

285

3*—(1) For .the purposes of this Part of this Act the Board Part I may with the consent of the Treasury, and after consultation Building with an advisory committee appointed by the Board (hereinafter referred to as " the advisory committee "), make grants to persons carrying on, or proposing to carry on, undertakings in any development district towards the cost of providing in the district buildings or extensions of buildings to be occupied by the undertakings.

(2) The amount of any grant shall be eighty-five per cent of any excess of the cost, as estimated by the Board, of providing an adequate building or extension of the size required by the applicant for the grant and reasonably suitable for the purposes for which he requires it over the amount at which in the opinion of the Board such a building or extension might if completed at the time of the application for a grant, be expected to be sold on a sale in the open market.

(3) The Board in making a grant under this section shall impose such conditions as they think fit for securing that the building or extension will continue to serve the purposes of this Part of this Act, which may include conditions for repayment of grant in specified circumstances.

(4) The Board may pay to the members of the advisory committee such allowances as the Board may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

4.—(1) Where, in accordance with recommendations of the General power advisory committee, the Board are satisfied as respects anyto make loana undertaking carried on, or proposed to be carried on, in a development district,—

(a) that it is expedient for the purposes of this Part of this

Act to exercise their powers under this section, and

(b) that there are good prospects of the undertaking ulti-

mately being able to be carried on successfully without further assistance under this section,

the Board may agree with the person carrying on, or proposing to carry on, the undertaking to make loans or grants for the purposes of the undertaking of such amounts and on such terms and conditions as may be recommended by the advisory committee and specified in the agreement, including (in the case of a grant) conditions for repayment in specified circumstances.

(2) In recommending the terms and conditions on which a loan or grant under this section should be made, the advisory committee shall act in accordance with general directions given to them by the Board with the consent of the Treasury.

286

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

Derelict, etc., land

Payments for removal and resettlement of key workers and their dependants.

5.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect as respects land in a development district where it appears to the Board that by reason of its being derelict, neglected or unsightly, and likely to remain so for a considerable period, it is expedient for the purposes of this Part of this Act that steps should be taken for the purpose of enabling any of the land to be brought into use or of improving the amenities of the neighbourhood.

(2) The Board may acquire the land by agreement or, if so authorised, compulsorily, and may carry out such work on the land as appears ito them expedient for enabling any of it to be brought into use or for improving the amenities of the neighbourhood.

(3) The Minister of Housing and Local Government may with the consent of the Treasury make grants, in such manner as appears to him to be requisite for the purposes of this section, to the council of the county, county borough or county district in which the land is situated—

ia) towards the cost of the exercise of any power of the council to acquire the land,

(6) towards the cost of the canying out by the council of work on the land for enabling any of it to be brought into use, or for improving amenities, as aforesaid.

(4) In the application of the foregoing subsection to Scotland, for the reference to the Minister of Housing and Local Government there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State, and for any reference to the council of the county, county borough or county district in which the land in question is situated there shall be substituted a reference to any local authority. as defined for the purposes of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, within whose area the land in question is situated.

6.—(1) The following subsection shall have effect for assisting the transfer of persons from employment in an undertaking, wherever carried on, to employment in an undertaking (in this section referred to as " the new undertaking ") which is being established in a development district by way of extension of or in connection with, or by way of transfer of the whole or part of, the first mentioned undertaking or which, having been so established, is being extended in the development district in question.

(2) If on an application in that behalf as respects any person the Minister of Labour is satisfied that it is expedient for the

1960

Local Employment , 1960

Ch. 18

287

purposes of this Part of this Act to exercise his powers under this Part 1 subsection, and that the exercise thereof will facilitate the establishment or extension of the new undertaking, he may for the purposes of section five of the Employment and Training Act,

1948 (which provides for payments towards the cost of removal and resettlement of workers and their dependants and towards their maintenance and welfare in the course of their removal pending their resettlement) treat—

(a) the said person’s becoming employed in the new under-

taking as if it were the obtaining of employment; and

(b) the said person’s ceasing to be employed in the new

undertaking as if it were the coming to an end of employment, notwithstanding that he ceases to be so employed in order that he may continue in employment elsewhere.

7, —(1) Where it appears to the Minister in charge of any Gov- Financial eminent department that adequate provision has not been made assistance for for the needs of any development district in respect of a basic improvement service for which that department is responsible, and that it is expedient for the purposes of this Part of this Act that the service ces* should be improved, he may with the consent of the Treasury

make grants or loans towards the cost of improving it to such persons and in such manner as appear to him appropriate for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(2) In this section the expression " basic service " means the provision of facilities for transport (whether by road, rail, water or air) or of power, lighting, heating, water, or sewerage, and sewage disposal facilities, or of any other service or facility on which the development of the district in question, and in particular of industrial undertakings therein, depends.

(3) The powers conferred by this section are in addition to any other powers of a Minister of the Crown to make grants or loans.

8. —(1) There shall be three corporations, named respec- The industrial tively the Industrial Estates Management Corporation for Estates England, the Industrial Estates Management Corporation for Management Scotland and the Industrial Estates Management Corporation Corporations, for Wales, which shall be charged as respects England, Scodand

and Wales respectively with the exercise of the functions conferred on them by the following provisions of this Act.

For the purposes of this subsection Monmouthshire shall be deemed to be part of Wales.

(2) Each of the corporations (hereinafter referred to as a " Management Corporation ") shall consist of a chairman and four other members appointed by the Board, and the members

288

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

Functions of Management Corporations.

shall include a person appearing to the Board to have adequate experience of industrial matters, a person appearing to them to have adequate experience in the organisation of workers, and one or more persons appearing to them to have adequate experience in accountancy, building or estate management.

(3) The Board may by regulations made by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament make provision with respect to the appointment, tenure of office and removal of members of a Management Corporation, the manner of execution of instruments and of entering into contracts by it or on its behalf, and the proof of documents executed by it or on its behalf.

(4) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the Management Corporations.

9,—(1) It shall be the duty of the Management Corporations to manage land leased to them by the Board or otherwise vested in them under this Act, and in accordance with directions of the Board in that behalf to do anything which is required in order to develop the land by the erection or extension of buildings and the carrying out of works, in order to provide (by letting or otherwise) premises for the occupation of undertakings or for otherwise meeting the requirements of undertakings (including requirements arising from the needs of persons employed or to be employed therein) or in order to provide means of access, services or other facilities for meeting those requirements.

(2) A direction may be given under the foregoing subsection that, except as respects the provision of heat, light, power and water and the disposal of sewage and refuse, a Management Corporation shall not provide services or facilities except with the consent of, and in such manner as may be determined by, the Board.

(3) Where the Board are disposing of their interest in any land of which a Management Corporation is tenant, the Corporation shall comply with any direction of the Board as to the assignment or surrender of the Corporation’s interest.

(4) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, the Board may give general directions to a Management Corporation as to the exercise of its functions, and in particular as to the location of head or branch offices of the Corporation.

(5) All receipts of a Management Corporation, other than receipts determined by the Corporation in accordance with any directions of the Board to be required to be retained for meeting expenses properly payable out of income, shall be paid over to the Board.

1960

Local Employment , 1960

Ch. 18

289

(6) The expenses of a Management Corporation incurred in pa*t I the exercise of its functions under the foregoing provisions of

this section shall, except in so far as they are met out of receipts of the Corporation, be defrayed by the Board.

(7) A Management Corporation may act as agent—

(a) for the Board or for any other Management Corpora-

tion, in the carrying out of any functions of the Board or Corporation under this Act;

(b) for the Development Commissioners in the carrying out

of the functions of the Commissioners in relation to applications for advances under Part I of the Develop ment and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909, and in relation to the framing of schemes with respect to any of the matters for which such advances may be made; or

(c) for the Board in the execution of any work in respect of

which such an advance as aforesaid is made to the Board

10*—(1) A Management Corporation shall keep proper Accountsjof accounts and proper records in relation to the accounts, and Management shall prepare in respect of each financial year of the Corporation "^adon8 a statement of accounts in such form as the Board, with the Board, consent of the Treasury, may direct, being a form conforming with the best commercial standards.

(2) The accounts of a Management Corporation shall be audited by auditors to be appointed annually by the Board.

(3) No person shall be qualified to be appointed under the foregoing subsection unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies:—

(a) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and

Wales;

(b) the Society of Incorporated Accountants;

(c) the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

() the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

(e) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

(/) any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised by the Board for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948.

(4) So soon as the accounts of a Management Corporation for any financial year have been audited, the Corporation shall send to the Board a report on the discharge of its functions

1C

290

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I during that year and that report shall include a copy of the statement of accounts for that year together with a copy of any report made by the auditors on the accounts.

(5) In the light of the statements furnished under the foregoing subsection the Board shall prepare a statement of accounts, in such form as the Treasury may direct, showing, as respects the activities of the Board in the execution of this Part of this Act and the activities of all the Management Corporations, the financial results for each financial year; and—

(a) the Board shall on or before the thirtieth day of Novem-

ber in each year transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General the statement of accounts prepared by the Board for the financial year last ended for examination and certification by him;

(b) copies of every statement of accounts of the Board

under this subsection, together with the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General thereon, shall be laid by the Board before Parliament.

(6) In this section " financial year " means the period beginning with the commencement of this Act and ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-one and each subsequent period of twelve months beginning with the first day of April.

Parliamoitary 11. Part II of the First Schedule to the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 (which specifies bodies of which the Management members are disqualified under that Act) and the Part sub-Corporations. stituted for the said Part II by the Third Schedule to that Act in its application to the Senate and the House of Commons of Northern Ireland shall have effect with the insertion after the entry relating to Industrial Courts of the words—

"The Industrial Estates Management Corporations constituted by the Local Employment Act, I960."

Industrial 12.—(1) This section applies to the companies specified in the

rompanies. Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the three following subsections, all property, rights and liabilities of any company to which this section applies shall at the commencement of this Act vest in the Management Corporation acting for the part of Great Britain in which the company exercised its functions.

(3) Any charge on assets of a company to which this section applies to secure loans made out of the development fund or the Special Areas Fund or under section two of the Distribution of Industry Act, 1945, and any liability of any such company in

1960

Local Employment , 1960

Ch. 18

291

respect of any such loan, is hereby discharged; and any agree- Part I ment made between the Board and any such company providing (inter alia) for the financing by the Board of activities of the company is hereby determined.

(4) Subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to any land which immediately before the commencement of this Act was vested in the company for an estate in fee simple, but (without prejudice to the power of the Board to grant a lease thereof to the Management Corporation) any such land shall at the commencement of this Act vest in the Board.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland the foregoing subsection shall be omitted and the following additional provisions shall have effect:—

(a) Subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to property of the company consisting of land, but (without prejudice to the power of the Board to grant a lease thereof to the Management Corporation) any such property shall at the commencement of this Act vest in the Board.

(b) For the purposes of any enactment relating to the completion of title to land or heritable rights this section, in so far as it vests property or rights of a company to which this section applies in the Board or a Management Corporation, shall have effect as if it were a general disposition or assignation of such property or rights granted by the company in favour of the Board, or, as the case may be, the Corporation.

(6) The following provisions shall have effect (without prejudice to die generality of subsection (2) of this section) as respects any pension, superannuation or life-assurance scheme or fund in force at the commencement of this Act for the benefit of persons in the employment or former employment of a company to which this section applies:—

(a) anything authorised or required to be done for the pur-

poses of the scheme or fund after the commencement of this Act which apart from this section would fall to be done by, with or to the company or its directors shall be treated as falling to be done by, with or to the Management Corporation acting for the part of Great Britain in which the company exercised its functions;

(b) for the purposes of the scheme or fund employment after

the commencement of this Act by that Corporation shall be treated as equivalent to employment by the company, and employment after the commencement of this Act by the company shall be disregarded;

292

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1

Provisions as to compulsory acquisition of land.

Provisions as to land, etc.,

outside

development

districts.

(c) any requirement to do anything for the said purposes at the registered office of the company shall be treated, in relation to things falling to be done after the commencement of this Act, as a requirement to do that thing at the head office of the said Management Corporation;

and references in any deed, rules or other document to the company shall be construed as, or as including, references to the said Management Corporation as may be required for giving effect to, or in consequence of, the foregoing paragraphs.

13. —(1) Section one of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, and section one of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which establish the procedure for compulsory purchase by local authorities and certain Ministers of land in England and Wales and in Scotland respectively) shall apply in relation to the compulsory purchase of land by the Board under this Part of this Act.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Act, where at the time of publication in accordance with the provisions of the said Act of 1946 or the said Act of 1947 of notice of the preparation of a draft of a compulsory purchase order, land is in use for the purposes of any undertaking, being an undertaking which provides employment which is substantial having regard to the extent of the land used for its purposes and the nature of the undertaking, the Board shall not be authorised to acquire compulsorily the interest of the person carrying on the undertaking.

(3) Any person duly authorised in writing by the Board may, at any reasonable time, enter upon any land for the purpose of surveying it in connection with the exercise of the Board’s powers under this Part of this Act to acquire land; and subsections (4) to (7) and (9) of section one hundred and three of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and subsections (4) to (7) and (9) of section ninety-nine of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which provide for the giving of notice and the production of evidence of authority to enter, for cases of obstruction, for safeguarding information as to manufacturing processes and trade secrets, for compensation for damage, and for defining powers of survey) shall apply in relation to this subsection as they apply in relation to the said section one hundred and three and the said section ninety-nine respectively.

14. —(1) Where at any time a locality ceases to be a development district, the fact that it is no longer such a district shall not prejudice—

(a) the completion by the Board of buildings or works begun before that time on land in the locality under section two or section five of this Act; or

1960

Local Employment Act, 1960

Ch. 18

293

(6) the payment of any grant or loan under this Part of this Part I Act offered before that time; or

(c) the continued operation of any agreement relating to grants or loans entered into under this Act.

(2) Where land acquired by the Board under, or vested m the Board by, this Part of this Act is situated in a locality which is not a development district, the Board may exercise in relation to the land the following powers, that is to say—

(a) power to preserve and maintain the land and any build-

ings or works on it, and to erect buildings and carry out works on it;

(b) where there are buildings on the land, power to acquire

by agreement other land contiguous or adjacent to it for the purpose of erecting thereon extensions to those buildings or of erecting thereon other buildings to be used with the first-mentioned buildings as part of a single undertaking;

(c) power to provide means of access, services and other

facilities for meeting the requirements of undertakings carried on or to be carried on on the land (including requirements arising from the needs of persons employed or to be employed therein).

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that subsection (1) of section nine of this Act applies as well to land outside a development district as to land in such a district, and that the application of subsection (2) of section twelve of this Act is not limited to development districts.

15. In this Part of this Act:— Interpretation

44 the advisory committee " means the committee consti- of Part tuted by the Board for the purposes of sections three and four of this Act;

" development district " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section one of this Act;

44 Management Corporation " means any of the corporations constituted under section eight of this Act;

44 the purposes of this Part of this Act " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (5) of section one of this Act;

44 undertaking " means any trade or business, or any other activity providing employment.

294

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 2

Amendments as to industrial development certificates.

Determinations under principal enactment to take particular account of purposes of Parti.

Extension of principal enactment to changes of use.

Minor

amendments

as to

industrial

development

certificates.

Part II

Industrial Development Certificates

16. —(1) Subsection (4) of section fourteen of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 (under which development permission for the erection or extension of industrial buildings of prescribed classes cannot be sought unless it is certified by the Board that the development in question can be carried out consistently with the proper distribution of industry) shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act

(2) In this Part of this Act " the principal enactment " means the said subsection (4).

17. In considering whether any development for which a certificate under the principal enactment (hereinafter referred to as an "industrial development certificate") is applied for can be carried out consistently with the proper distribution of industry, the Board shall have particular regard to the need for providing appropriate employment in development districts.

18. —(1) The principal enactment shall apply where the development in question is a change of use whereby premises, not being an industrial building of one of the prescribed classes, will become such an industrial building, as it applies where the development is the erection of such an industrial building.

(2) In this Part of this Act " the prescribed classes " means the classes prescribed under the principal enactment as requiring industrial development certificates.

19. —(1) An industrial development certificate shall not be required for the extension of an industrial building if the extension, taken by itself, would not be an industrial building of one of the prescribed classes, but (subject to the provisions of this section) shall be required for the extension of any building if the extension, taken by itself, would be such an industrial building.

(2) Paragraph (a) of the proviso to the principal enactment (under which an industrial development certificate is not required for a building or extension not exceeding a specified size) shall cease to have effect, but such a certificate shall not be required if the industrial floor space to be created by the development in question together with any other industrial floor space created or to be created by any other development relating to the same building or another building in the same group—

(a) which has been carried out, or

1960

Local Employment , 1960

Ch. 18

295

(b) for which permission under Part III of the Town and Part II Country Planning Act, 1947, has been given,

since the commencement of this Act does not exceed five thousand square feet, excluding, where an industrial development certificate has been issued in respect of any such other development, any floor space created or to be created by that development or by a development carried out, or for which permission has been given as aforesaid, before the issue of the certificate.

(3) In this section " industrial floor space " means floor space comprised in an industrial building or industrial buildings of any of the prescribed classes, and " group " means a group of contiguous or adjacent buildings used as parts of a single undertaking; and the reference to development relating to a building is a reference to its erection, extension, alteration or re-erection or to a change of use of the whole or a part of it.

(4) Nothing in subsection (1) of section eighteen of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, shall be construed as requiring an industrial development certificate on an application for permission for the retention on land of an industrial building or the continuance of any use of land.

20, In the application of this Part of this Act to Scotland, Application of for references to Part III, subsection (4) of section fourteen and to subsection (1) of section eighteen of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, there shall be substituted references respectively to Part II, subsection (4) of section twelve and subsection (1) of section sixteen of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Part III General and Supplementary

21. In this Act and in the Town and Country Planning Act, Meaning of 1947, and the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, "Pjjustrifl M industrial building " means a building used or designed for use bui ding' for the carrying on of any process for or incidental to any of the following purposes, that is to say,—

(a) the making of any article or of part of any article, or

(b) the altering, repairing, ornamenting, finishing, cleaning, washing, freezing, packing or canning, or adapting for sale, or breaking up or demolition, of any article, or

(c) without prejudice to the foregoing paragraphs, the

getting, dressing or preparation for sale of minerals or die extraction or preparation for sale of oil or brine, being a process carried on in the course of a trade or business, and for the purposes of this definition " building " includes a part of a building and " article " means an article of any description, including a ship or vessel.

296

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part in

Saving for local

authorities*

building

powers.

Annual report of Board of Trade.

Exercise of powers of Board of Trade.

Expenses and receipts.

Consequential amendments of Acts.

22. —<1) In subsection (1) of section twenty of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944 (which as set out in the Eleventh Schedule to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, empowers local authorities to erect buildings and carry out works where the power to do so does not exist by virtue of, and cannot be conferred under, an enactment other than Part IV of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947) the references to an enactment other than the said Part IV shall not include references to section two, five or fourteen of this Act.

(2) In the application of the foregoing subsection to Scotland—

(a) for the reference to subsection (1) of section twenty of

the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, there shall be substituted a reference to subsection (1) of section nineteen of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945; and

(b) for references to Part IV of the Town and Country

Planning Act, 1947, and to the Eleventh Schedule to that Act there shall be substituted references respectively to Part III of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, and to the Eleventh Schedule to that Act.

23. As soon as may be after the thirty-first day of Maroh in the year nineteen hundred and sixty-one and each subsequent year the Board shall prepare a report on the discharge of its functions under this Act and under subsection (4) of section fourteen of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and subsection (4) of section twelve of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, and shall lay the report before Parliament.

24. Anything required or authorised by or under this Act to be done by, to or before the Board may be done by, to or before the President of the Board, any Minister of State with duties concerning the affairs of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

25. Any expenses incurred by any Government department under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and any receipts of any Government department under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

26. —(1) In section one hundred and nineteen of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and in section one hundred and thirteen of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, in the definition of "industrial building " in subsection (1), for the words " Distribution of Industry Act, 1945 " there shall be substituted the words " Local Employment Act, 1960 ".

1960

Local Employment , I960

Ch. 18

297

(2) Section sixty of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954 (which Part in makes special provision as to premises provided under the Distribution of Industry Acts) shall be amended by the substitution—

(a) for the references in subsections (1) and (2) of that section

to premises provided as therein mentioned of references to premises of which the Board or a Management Corporation are the landlord and which are situated in a development district, and

(b) for the references therein to the objects of the Distribu-

tion of Industry Acts, 1945 and 1950, of references to the purposes of Part I of this Act.

(3) In subsection (1) of section fifty-nine of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1954, and in subsection (1) of section fifty-nine of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1954 (which relate to applications in respect of which an industrial development certificate is refused, but on which planning permission would in any event have been refused) the words " by the erection thereon of an industrial building " shall cease to have effect.

27. —(1) Where in the case of any undertaking a loan has been Additional made under this Act, section four of the Distribution of Industry powers for Act, 1945, or that section as extended by the Distribution of safeguarding Industry (Industrial Finance) Act, 1958, and the Board are satisfied, in accordance with recommendations of the committee constituted for the purposes of sections three and four of this

Act, that with a view to enabling all or part of the moneys lent to be recovered it is expedient to provide further financial assistance for the purposes of the undertaking, the Board may provide such further assistance of such amount and on such terms and conditions as may be recommended by the committee.

(2) Subsection (2) of section four of this Act shall apply in relation to recommendations under this section.

28. —(1) The enactments specified in the Third Schedule to Repeals and this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third transitional column of that Schedule; and the following provisions of this provisions, section shall be without prejudice to section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

(2) The Board shall have the like powers under Part I of this Act in relation to land acquired by them under or vested in than by the Distribution of Industry Acts, 1945 to 1958, as they have in relation to land acquired by them under or vested in them by the said Part I.

(3) The continued operation of any agreement relating to loans or grants entered into under the Distribution of Industry

K*

298

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part m Acts, 1945 to 1958, or the Special Areas (Development and Improvement) Acts, 1934 and 1937, shall not be affected by the repeal of the said Acts of 1945 to 1958; but—

(a) in the case of any agreement to make loans or grants

entered into by the Treasury under section four of the Distribution of Industry Act, 1945, or that section as extended by the Distribution of Industry (Industrial Finance) Act, 1958, the Board shall be substituted for the Treasury; and

(b) in the case of any agreement entered into by the Board

with a local authority under subsection (3) of section five of the said Act of 1945 (which relates to grants for dealing with derelict land), the Minister of Housing and Local Government shall be substituted for the Board.

(4) Where before the commencement of this Act a Minister of the Crown has paid any instalment of a grant under section three of the Distribution of Industry Act, 1945, the repeal of the said section three by this section shall be without prejudice to the payment by him of further instalments of the grant in pursuance of arrangements made by him before the said commencement.

(5) Any security vested immediately before the commencement of tins Act in the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury, being a security for the repayment of any loan made under section four of the Distribution of Industry Act, 1945, or that section as extended by the Distribution of Industry (Industrial Finance) Act, 1958, shall at the commencement of this Act vest in the Board; and section sixty-six of the Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861 (which makes provision where lands are vested in the Board) shall have effect as if the expression "lands" in that section included any security vested by this section.

(6) Where the Board have agreed to make to any housing association grants under subsection (2) of section three of the Distribution of Industry Act, 1950, to further the provision of any dwellings, the repeal of the said Act of 1950 by this section shall be without prejudice to the continued payment of the grant in respect of such of the dwellings as have been provided before the commencement of this Act.

(7) Any legal proceedings (including applications to any authority) relating to property, rights or liabilities transferred to a Management Corporation or Government department by virtue of section twelve of this Act or of this section may be continued by or against the Corporation or department, as the case may be, to the exclusion of the company or Government department from whom the property, rights or liabilities were transferred.

1960

Local Employment , 1960

Ch. 18

299

(8) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the reference in subsection (3) to the Minister of Housing and Local Government there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State, and the following provisions shall have effect for the purposes of subsections (3) and (5), that is to say:—

(a) Where any agreement to which paragraph (a) of sub-

section (3) of this section applies provides that the person to whom the loan or grant is made shall if required to do so grant such security as may be specified in the agreement in favour of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury, but the person has not before the commencement of this Act been so required, the Board shall be substituted for the said Solicitor.

(b) In relation to any heritable security which vests in the

Board by virtue of subsection (5) of this section, paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of section twelve of this Act shall have effect, subject to the necessary modifications, as it has effect in relation to the property and rights therein mentioned.

29.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Local Employment Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the Board may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Provisions as to Industrial Estates Management Corporations

1. Each Management Corporation shall be a body corporate by the name given to it by subsection (1) of section eight of this Act, with perpetual succession and a common seal and power to hold land without licence in mortmain.

2. A Management Corporation-

fa) shall pay to each of its members, in respect of his office as such, such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances as the Board may with the approval of the Treasury determine in the case of that member; and

(b) in the case of any such member as the Board may with the approval of the Treasury determine, shall pay such pension or make such payments towards the provision of pensions to or in respect of him as the Board may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

K* 2

Part HI

Short title and commencement

Section 8.

300

Ch. 18

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 2

1st Sch. 3. The Board shall, as soon as possible after the commencement of this Act, lay before each House of Parliament a statement of the remuneration and allowances that are or will be payable to members of the Management Corporations under the foregoing paragraph; and, if any subsequent determination by the Board under that paragraph involves any departure from the terms of the said statement or if a determination by the Board under that paragraph relates to the payment of, or to payments towards the provision of, a pension to or in respect of any member of a Management Corporation, the Board shall, as soon as possible after the determination, lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament.

4. A Management Corporation may, subject to any limit of numbers which may be determined by the Board, employ such officers and servants as appear to the corporation expedient for the exercise of its functions.

5. A Management Corporation shall—

(a) pay to its officers and servants such remuneration as the

Corporation may, subject to any directions of the Board, determine; and

(b) as regards any officer or servant in whose case it may be determined by the Corporation with the approval of the Board so to do, pay to or in respect of him such pension, or provide and maintain for him such pension scheme (whether contributory or not) as may be so determined.

6. Where any officer or servant of a Management Corporation, being a participant in any pension scheme applicable to his office or employment, becomes a member of the Corporation, he may be treated for the purposes of the pension scheme as if his service as a member of the Corporation were service as an officer or servant of the Corporation, and his rights under the scheme shall not be affected by any provision of this Act which requires that the pensions or payments towards the provision of pensions to be paid or made in the case of members of a Management Corporation shall be determined by the Board with the approval of the Treasury.

7. The procedure of a Management Corporation (including quorum) shall be such as the Corporation may determine.

8. No act of a Management Corporation shall be invalid by reason only of any vacancy among the members or any defect in the appointment of a member.

9. In this Schedule "pension" in relation to a person means a pension, whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsoever payable to or in respect of him, and includes a gratuity so payable and a return of contributions, with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto.

10. In relation to land in Scotland paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall have effect with the omission of the words "without licence in mortmain

1960

Local Employment , 1960

Ch. 18

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 12.

The Industrial Estate Companies North Eastern Trading Estates Limited.

Wales and Monmouthshire Industrial Estates Limited.

The West Cumberland Industrial Development Company Limited.

Scottish Industrial Estates Limited.

North Western Industrial Estates Limited.

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 28.

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

c. 36.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

The Distribution of Industry Act, 1945.

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Town and Country Planning c. 53. (Scotland) Act, 1947.

14 Geo. 6. c. 8.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

The Distribution of Industry Act, 1950.

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1954.

The whole Act

In section fourteen, in subsection (4), proviso (a).

In section twelve, in subsection (4), proviso

(a).

The whole Act

In section fifty-nine, in subsection (1), the words " by the erection thereon of an industrial

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 73.

The Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1954.

building ".

In section fifty-nine, in subsection (1), the words " by the erection thereon of an industrial

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

The House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 41.

The Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act, 1957. The Distribution of Industry (Industrial Finance) Act, 1958.

building ".

In the First Schedule, in Part III, and in the Third Schedule, in the Part substituted for the said Part III, the entries relating to the office of director appointed by the Board of certain trading and industrial estate companies.

Section twenty-five.

The whole Act

COO

302

Ch. 18, 19

Local Employment Act, 1960 8 & 9 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Harbours and Passing Tolls, &cAct, 1861

Interpretation Act, 1889

Development and Road Improvement Funds Act,

24 & 25 Vict c. 47. 52 & 53 Met c. 63.

1909 ...

9 Edw. 7. c. 47.

Special Areas (Development and Improvement)

Act, 1934

Town and Country Planning Act, 1944

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945 ...

Distribution of Industry Act, 1945

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

Act, 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

(Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 ...

Companies Act, 1948

Employment and Training Act, 1948

Distribution of Industry Act, 1950

Town Development Act, 1952

Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954

Town and Country Planning Act, 1954

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1954... House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 ... Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act, 1957

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 1.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 47.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 33.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 36.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c.42. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. 11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.46.

14 Geo. 6. c. 8.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. c. 54. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 56.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 73.

5 & 6 Eliz. Z c. 20.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

Distribution of Industry (Industrial Finance) Act, 1958

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 41.

CHAPTER 19

European Free Trade Association Act, 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Rules for determining origin and place of consignment of goods.

2. Provisions as to Convention rates of duty where drawback etc. allow-

able.

3. Verification of origin of exported goods.

4. Penalties for untrue documents of origin for goods exported.

5. Repeal of Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Acts.

6. Application of Act to subsequent agreements with Convention countries.

7. Regulations and Orders.

8. Exercise of powers of Board of Trade.

9. Expenses.

10. The Convention area; and Convention area origin.

11. General interpretation.

12. Short title and extent.

1960 European Free Trade Association Cel 19 303

Act, 1960

An Act to make provision for matters arising out of the establishment of the European Free Trade Association or otherwise out of agreements relating to trade made with members of the Association; ana to repeal the Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Acts, 1920 and 1934.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Board of Trade may by regulations make provision Rule# for as to the cases in which, in determining eligibility for any determining Convention rate of duty, goods are or are not to be treated as OIisi" of Convention area origin, as to the time by reference to which, in determining eligibility as aforesaid, the question whether of goods/ goods are to be so treated is to be decided, and as to the evidence which is to be required or is to be sufficient for the purpose of showing that goods are or are not to be so treated.

(2) Subject to the provisions of any regulations under this section, where, in connection with eligibility for a Convention rate of duty, any question arises whether goods are of Convention area origin, the Commissioners may require the importer of the goods to furnish to them, in such form as they may prescribe, proof of any statement made to them as to any fact necessary to determine that question; and if such proof is not furnished to their satisfaction, the question may be determined without regard to that statement.

(3) Regulations under this section may make different provisions for different purposes and in relation to goods of different descriptions.

(4) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that regulations under this section may make provision for determining in what cases produce of the sea, or goods produced or manufactured therefrom at sea, are to be treated as of Convention area origin.

(5) Nothing in subsections (2) to (4) of section twelve of the Import Duties Act, 1958 (which contain provisions, for the 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. purposes of that Act and other purposes, similar to the foregoing c. 6. provisions of this section) or in regulations made under the said subsection (2) shall apply for the purpose of determining whether goods are eligible for a Convention rate of duty.

Ch. 19

504

Provisions as to Convention rates of duty where

drawback etc. allowable.

Verification of origin of exported goods.

European Free Trade Association

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

2. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment or order, goods may, in such circumstances or subject to such limitations aS may be prescribed, be treated as not eligible for a Convention rate of duty on importation into the United Kingdom if—

(a) drawback was allowable in connection with any exporta-

tion from any part of the Convention area of the goods or of articles used in the production or manufacture of the goods, and

(b) the Commissioners are not satisfied that the drawback has not been and will not be allowed.

(2) Where on importation into the United Kingdom goods have been treated as eligible for a Convention rate of duty, and after their importation drawback allowable as aforesaid is allowed, the Commissioners may, in such circumstances as may be prescribed, recover from the importer the additional amount of duty which would have been chargeable on the importation of the goods if they had not been so treated.

(3) References in subsections (1) and (2) of this section to drawback include references to any prescribed remission or repayment of, or exemption from, duty chargeable on importation into any part of the Convention area.

(4) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Board of Trade.

3. —(1) For the purpose of complying with any request made to the Commissioners or any other Government department, under arrangements made for the purposes of the Convention, to verify or investigate any certificate or other evidence relevant to the question whether any goods exported from, or produced or manufactured (directly or indirectly) from goods exported from, the United Kingdom are eligible in another part of the Convention area for a Convention rate of duty, the Commissioners may carry out such investigations, and may make to the government or authority making the request such report, or provide them with such information, as appear to the Commissioners requisite; and the Commissioners or an officer may require—

(u) the exporter, or

(b) any other person appearing to the Commissioners or officer to have been concerned with the goods, or any goods from which, directly or indirectly, they have been produced or manufactured (whether he was concerned with them as respects growth, production, manufacture or handling or in any other way), or

(c) any other person appearing to the Commissioners or officer to have been concerned in the giving of the certificate or evidence,

to furnish such information in such form and within such time as the Commissioners or officer may specify in the requirement.

1960

European Free Trade Association

Act, 1960

Ch. 19

305

(2) Any reference in the foregoing subsection to the furnishing of information includes a reference to the production of invoices, bills of lading, and other books or documents whatsoever, and to allowing the Commissioners or officer to inspect them and to take copies thereof or extracts therefrom.

(3) Any person who without reasonable cause fails to comply with a requirement under this section shall be liable to a penalty of fifty pounds.

(4) An averment in any process in proceedings under this section that any requirement to furnish information which has been made was made for the purpose specified in subsection (1) of this section shall, until the contrary is proved, be sufficient evidence that the requirement was so made.

4. Amy person who in the United Kingdom makes or signs, Penalties for or causes to be made or signed, any document relating to goods untrue exported or to be exported from the United Kingdom which is doCTnients of untrue in a material particular, being a document made for or production in support of a claim that the goods, or any goods exported, produced or manufactured, or to be produced or manufactured,

from the goods, are eligible in any part of the Convention area for a Convention rate of duty, shall be guilty of an offence under section three hundred and one of the Customs and Excise Act, 15 & 16 Geo. 6 1952 (which relates to untrue declarations in customs matters). & l Eliz. 2.

5. The Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Acts, 1920 and 1934, Repeal of

are hereby repealed. Dyestuffs

(Import

Regulation)

Acts.

6. If it appears to Her Majesty in Council that by reason of Application of any agreement with respect to trade made after the fourth day of Act to January, nineteen hundred and sixty (being the date of the signing subsequent

of the Convention in Stockholm) between all or any of the J^J6111®11 countries which are for the time being parties to the Convention, Convention or between all or any of those countries and any other country, countries, it is expedient so to do. Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that this Act shall have effect with such adaptations or modifications of references to the Convention, the Convention area. Convention area origin or Convention rates of duty as may be specified in the Order.

7. —(1) Any power to make regulations conferred by this Act Regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument subject to annulment "4 Orders, in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament

(2) Any Order in Council under the foregoing section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

306 Ch. 19 European Free Trade Association 8 & 9 Eliz. 2 Act, 1960

Exercise of powers of Board of lYade. (3) Any power conferred by this Act to make an Order in Council shall include power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like provisions, to vary or revoke the Order. 8. Anything required or authorised by or under this Act to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, to or before the President of the Board, any Minister of State with duties concerning the affairs of the Board, any secretary, undersecretary or assistant secretary of the Board or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

Expenses. 9. The administrative expenses of any Government department under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

The Convention area; and Convention area origin. 10.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, of any other enactment relating to duties of customs, and of any instrument having effect under such an enactment, " the Convention area " means, subject to the provisions of this section, Austria, Denmark, Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands, Liechtenstein, Norway with Spitzbergen, Portugal with the Azores and Madeira, Sweden and Switzerland; and in this Act " Convention area origin " means, in relation to any goods, that they were grown, produced or manufactured in, and consigned from a place in, the Convention area. (2) If Her Majesty by Order in Council declares that any country specified in the Order, and not named in subsection (I) of this section, is included in the area of the European Free Trade Association, that country shall be deemed to be named in that subsection. (3) If Her Majesty by Order in Council declares that any country named in subsection (1) of this section has ceased to be included in the area of the European Free Trade Association, that country shall be deemed no longer to be named in that subsection.

General 11.—(1) In this Act—

interpretation. " the Commissioners " means the Commissioners of Customs

and Excise; " the Convention " means the Convention establishing the European Free Trade Association which was signed at Stockholm on the fourth day of January, nineteen hundred and sixty; " the Convention area " and " Convention area origin " have the meanings assigned to them respectively by the foregoing section; " Convention rate of duty " means a rate of customs duty which is applicable to goods by reason of their being of Convention area origin, and includes an exemption which is so applicable from any customs duty;

1960

European Free Trade Association

Act, 1960

Ch. 19, 20

307

" country " includes territory;

"customs duty" includes any corresponding duty in any part of the Convention area;

" officer " means a person commissioned by the Commissioners.

(2) The expression " customs Acts " in the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, shall include all the provisions of this Act, and for the purposes of that Act all those provisions shall be deemed to relate to an assigned matter.

12.—(1) This Act may be cited as the European Free Trade Short title and Association Act, 1960. extent

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 20

An Act to enable the Minister of Housing and Local Government to extend the period for which possession of requisitioned houses may be retained by local authorities under the Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act, 1955, and for purposes connected therewith.

[22nd March, I960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Minister may Power to by order direct that subsection (2) of section one of the Requi- authorise sitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act, 1955 (which authorises the retention until the thirty-first day of March, after nineteen hundred and sixty of requisitioned houses of which the 31st March, right to possession was vested in local authorities by that Act) 1960. shall have effect, in its application to any local authority, as if for 3 & 4 EUz. 2. the reference to the said thirty-first day of March there werec-24* substituted a reference to such date (not later than the end of March nineteen hundred and sixty-one) as may be specified in the order.

(2) An order under this section may be made so as to apply either to all requisitioned houses in the possession of the local authority under the said Act (hereafter in this Act referred to as the Act of 1955), or to all such houses subject to such exceptions (whether for particular houses or for houses of any particular class or description) as may be specified in the order, and may be varied by a subsequent order made thereunder.

308

Ch. 20

Requisitioned Houses Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(3) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and it shall be the duty of every local authority who are authorised by virtue of such an order to retain possession of any houses after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty, to give notice in writing to that effect to the owners of those houses, specifying the period for which they are so authorised to retain possession.

Rental 2.—(1) In respect of any period after the thirty-first day of

C°?1p,1?tion March, nineteen hundred and sixty, for which possession of a Sntributiwis61 requisition^ house is retained by virtue of an order under section one of this Act, the amount of the rental compensation to be paid by the local authority in accordance with section two of the Act of 1955 shall be the amount payable under that section increased by fifty per cent.

(2) The Minister shall pay to every local authority in whose case an order is made under section one of this Act, in respect of any deficit incurred by that authority (as assessed by the Minister) in connection with all requisitioned houses of which they are for the time being in possession by virtue of the order, a contribution at the rate of twenty-five per cent, of the deficit.

(3) The power of the Minister to make contributions under section eleven of the Act of 1955 in respect of houses leased or purchased by local authorities for the accommodation of persons occupying requisitioned houses in their districts may be exercised in respect of houses leased or purchased for the accommodation of persons occupying requisitioned houses of which possession is retained after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty by virtue of an order under section one of this Act:

Provided that in relation to a house approved by the Minister under the said section eleven by virtue of this subsection, subsections (2) and (4) of that section (which specify the rate of the annual contributions and the amount recoverable by the Minister in the case of a sale or surrender) shall have effect as if for the words " seventy-five per cent." there were substituted the words " twenty-five per cent.".

(4) Subsection (2) of section ten of the Act of 1955 (which enables the Minister to make special grants to local authorities in respect of expenses falling to be borne by them in consequence of Part I of that Act) shall not apply to expenditure in respect of houses of which possession is retained after the said thirty-first day of March by virtue of an order under section one of this Act, or in respect of houses approved under section eleven of that Act by virtue of subsection (3) of this section.

Supplementary 3.—(i) in relation to houses of which possession is retained by provisions. a iocaj authority after the said thirty-first day of March by virtue

1960

Requisitioned Houses , 1960

Ch. 20

3Q9

of an order under section one of this Act, Part I of the Act of 1955 shall have effect subject to the further modifications set out in the Schedule to this Act.

(2) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under the Act of 1955 or any other enactment; and

(b) any sums required by the Minister for making payments under subsection (2) of section two of this Act.

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Requisitioned Houses Short title. Act, 1960. construction

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the Act of 1955. 40 extcnU

(3) This Act does not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

CH ED ULE section3.

Modifications of Part I of Act of 1955 in respect of houses

RETAINED UNDER THIS ACT

In section two, in subsection (1), after the words " emergency powers " there shall be inserted the words " and shall so apply notwithstanding the expiration of the period for which possession of land could be retained by a Minister under Part VI of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945 ". 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

In section three, in subsection (1), for the words " four weeks " c. 43. there shall be substituted the words " fourteen days subsections (2),

(4), (6) and (7) shall not apply; for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following:—

" (3) Where such a licence is terminated by the death of the licensee, the right of the local authority to retain possession of the dwelling shall not be terminated under this section if within the said period a fresh licence for the occupation of the dwelling is granted by the authority to a statutory successor of his.";

and in subsection (5), for the words from " (except " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " except in pursuance of such a licence as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section ".

Section four shall not apply.

Section five shall not apply except for the purposes of any application made under that section before the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty.

In section six, in subsection (1), the word "either ", in both places where it occurs, the words from " or to dispose " to " this Act " and the words from " or, at the option " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted; and subsection (2) shall not apply.

Section seven shall not apply.

310

Ch. 21, 22

Wages Arrestment Limitation 8 & 9 Eliz. 2 (Amendment) (Scotland) A, 1960

Amendment of 33 & 34 Vict c.63,8.: 14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 16.

Citation and commencement

CHAPTER 21

An Act to increase the amount of wages excepted from arrestment under the Wages Arrestment Limitation (Scotland) Act, 1870.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section two of the Wages Arrestment Limitation (Scotland) Act, 1870 (which, as amended by section two of the Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1924, limits the liability of wages to arrestment to so much thereof as exceeds thirty-five shillings per week) shall have effect as if for the words " thirty-five shillings per week " there were substituted the words " four pounds per week, one half of".

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Wages Arrestment Limitation (Amendment) (Scotland) Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed.

CHAPTER 22

Horticulture , 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Grants for Horticultural Improvements

Section

1. Grants for horticultural improvements.

2. Supplemental provisions as to schemes.

3. Standard costs.

4. Other grants for promoting co-operative horticultural marketing.

5. Aggregate amount of grants, and time for application therefor.

6. Ministers on whom Part I powers conferred.

7. Schemes, regulations and orders under Part I.

8. Interpretation of Part I.

Part n Horticultural Marketing

9. The Horticultural Marketing Council.

10. Functions of Council.

11. Provisions for meeting expenses of Council.

12. Offences in relation to schemes.

13. Miscellaneous financial powers of Council.

14. Report and accounts of Council.

15. Special arrangements for home-grown produce.

16. Provisions for defraying expenses under foregoing section.

17. Dissolution of Council, etc.

18. Interpretation of Part II.

19. Commencement of Part II.

1960

Horticulture , 1960

Ch. 22

311

Part m General

Section

20. Extension of time under 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 39, s. 2, for requiring

production of books, etc.

21. Expenses and receipts.

22. Short title.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Provisions as to Corporations constituted undo: Part II and Members.

Second Schedule—Horticultural Marketing Council Charges Scheme.

An Act to make provision for assisting the production and marketing of horticultural produce.

[22nd March, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Grants for horticultural improvements

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the appropriate Minister may, in accordance with a scheme made by him with the approval of the Treasury, make—

(a) to the person carrying on a horticultural production business,

(b) to the landlord of land in England or Wales occupied for the purposes of such a business and being or comprised in an agricultural holding within the meaning of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948, or land in Scotland so occupied and being or comprised in an agricultural holding within the meaning of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949, a holding to which any of the provisions of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1931, apply or a croft within the meaning of the Crofters (Scotland) Act, 1955,

a grant of an amount equal to one-third of the amount of expenditure reasonably incurred by him in the carrying out of approved proposals for the provision of specified facilities for the purposes of the business.

Grants for

horticultural

improvements.

312

Ch. 22

Horticulture , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I (2) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the appropriate Minister may, in accordance with such a scheme as aforesaid, make to the person carrying on a horticultural producers’ marketing business a grant of an amount equal to one-third of the amount of expenditure reasonably incurred by him in the carrying out of approved proposals for the provision of specified facilities for the storage, preparation for market or transport of horticultural produce in the course of the business.

(3) References in this Part of this Act to the provision of specified facilities are references to the provision or improvement of buildings, plant or equipment of a kind specified in the scheme, or the carrying out of work of a kind so specified, and include, in so far as the scheme so provides, the provision of shelter belts and the provision as well as the removal of hedges.

(4) In this section "approved proposals" means proposals approved by the appropriate Minister, and without prejudice to any other grounds for withholding approval the Minister shall not under this section approve any proposals unless he is satisfied that the cost of carrying them out will not be unreasonably high in relation to the benefit derived from them in the carrying on of the business mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, as the case may be.

(5) Where the applicant satisfies the appropriate Minister, at any time before that Minister has determined whether to approve his proposals, that the cost of the proposals has been increased by their being designed both for the provision of specified facilities as mentioned in subsection (1) or (2) of this section and for other purposes, and agrees with the Minister what proportion of the cost is to be treated as referable to the provision of specified facilities as aforesaid, then—

(a) regard shall be had only to that proportion of the cost for the purposes of the foregoing subsection, and

(b) in relation to those proposals references in this Part of this Act to expenditure reasonably incurred in carrying them out, or expenditure in respect of which grant would be payable, shall be construed as references to that proportion of such expenditure.

(6) The appropriate Minister may reduce or withhold any grant under this section in any case where assistance In respect of the provision of the facilities is given under any other Act of Parliament.

(7) A scheme under this section (in this Part of this Act referred to as " a scheme ") may be made for England and Wales, for Scotland, for Northern Ireland, or for any two or all of those parts of the United Kingdom jointly.

1960

Horticulture , 1960

Ch. 22

313

2.—(1) Grants under the foregoing section (in this section Part 1 referred to as " grants ") shall not be payable unless application Supplemental is made therefor in accordance with die scheme, and a scheme provisions as may provide that no grant shall be payable on any one applica- to schemes, tion if the expenditure in respect of which the grant would be payable, as estimated by the appropriate Minister at the time of approval, is less than such amount as may be specified in the scheme.

(2) A scheme may provide that in such cases as may be specified therein grants shall be payable by such instalments and over such period as may be specified in the scheme.

(3) A scheme may provide that the payment of grants, or of instalments of grants, shall be subject to compliance with such conditions, whether as to the capacity of the business, determined in accordance with the scheme, the security of tenure of the land on which any facilities are to be provided, the carrying out of the proposals in question in a proper manner and within a reasonable time, or any other matter, as may be specified by or under the scheme.

(4) Where any such condition as to capacity is framed by reference to land occupied for the purposes of a horticultural production business, the scheme may provide that if there is any land so occupied which is not eligible to be taken into account in ascertaining whether the condition is satisfied,—

(a) in so far as the benefit to be derived from any proposals

is attributable to that land, it shall be disregarded for the purposes of subsection (4) of the foregoing section;

(b) where the applicant satisfies the appropriate Minister, at

any time before that Minister has determined whether to approve his proposals, that the cost of the proposals has been increased by their being designed for the provision of specified facilities both for the said land and for land which is eligible to be taken into account as aforesaid, and agrees with the Minister what proportion of the cost is to be treated as referable to the eligible land, paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (5) of the foregoing section shall apply in relation to that proportion.

(5) A scheme may contain such incidental and supplemental provisions as appear to the appropriate Minister expedient for the purposes of the scheme.

(6) A scheme may make different provisions for different cases or classes of case.

(7) A scheme may be varied or revoked by a subsequent scheme.

314

Ch. 22

Horticulture Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part 1 3. The appropriate Minister may, with the approval of the

Standard costs. Treasury, by regulations fix a standard cost for any operation falling within subsection (1) or (2) of section one of this Act; and if an applicant for a grant under that section in respect of an operation specified in the regulations so elects at any time before the appropriate Minister has determined whether to approve his proposals, and his proposals are approved while the regulations are in force, then so far as that operation is concerned the standard cost shall be substituted for actual or estimated cost for the purposes of subsections (1) or (2) and (4) of section one and subsection (1) of section two of this Act.

Other grants 4. The appropriate Minister may, in such manner and subject for promoting to such conditions as he may with the approval of the Treasury determine, make grants to bodies of persons engaged or proposing to become engaged in organising, promoting or developing She carrying on of horticultural producers’ marketing businesses towards their expenditure incurred in the carrying out of programmes, approved by the appropriate Minister, for encouraging or facilitating the setting up of such businesses or promoting efficiency in the carrying on thereof.

5. —(1) The aggregate amount of the grants under this Part of this Act shall not exceed eight million pounds or, if the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Secretary of State by order made with the approval of the Treasury so direct, eight million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds.

(2) The aggregate amount of the grants under the foregoing section shall not exceed one hundred thousand pounds.

(3) No grant shall be payable under section one of this Act unless the application therefor has been duly made before the expiration of five years from the earliest date on which a scheme was in operation:

Provided that the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Secretary of State may by order made with the approval of the Treasury extend the said period by one year.

(4) No grant shall be payable under the foregoing section unless the date on which the programme was submitted to the appropriate Minister for his approval fell before the expiration of six years from the coming into operation of that section.

6. —(1) In relation to the making of a scheme or regulations for the whole of the United Kingdom, or for Scotland and any other part of the United Kingdom jointly, references in this Part of this Act to the appropriate Minister are references to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

co-operative

horticultural

marketing.

Aggregate amount of grants, and time for application therefor.

Ministers on whom Part T powers conferred

1960

Horticulture , 1960

Ch. 22

315

(2) In relation to the making of a scheme or regulations for Scotland only, references in this Part of this Act to the appropriate Minister are references to the Secretary of State.

(3) In relation to the making of any other scheme or regulations, references in this Part of this Act to the appropriate Minister are references to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

(4) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, in this Part of this Act " the appropriate Minister " means the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in relation to England or Wales or Northern Ireland and the Secretary of State in relation to Scotland.

7. —(1) Any power conferred by this Part of this Act to make schemes, regulations or orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(2) No scheme shall be made unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(3) No order under this Part of this Act shall be made unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(4) Any statutory instrument containing regulations under this Part of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

8. —(1) In this Part of this Act "horticultural produce" means—

ia) fruit,

(b) vegetables of a kind grown for human consumption, including fungi, but not including maincrop potatoes or peas grown for seed, for harvesting dry or for vining,

(c) flowers, pot plants and decorative foliage,

(d) herbs,

ie) seeds other than pea seeds, and bulbs and other material,

being seeds, bulbs or material for sowing or planting for the production of fruit, of such vegetables, flowers, plants or foliage as aforesaid, or of herbs, or for reproduction of the seeds, bulbs or other material planted, or

if) trees and shrubs, other than trees grown for the pur-

pose of afforestation; but does not include hops.

(2) In this Part of this Act " horticultural production business " means a business which consists, or so much of a larger business

Part 1

Schemes, regulations and orders under Part 1

Interpretation of Part I.

316

Ch. 22

Horticulture , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1

The

Horticultural

Marketing

Council.

as consists, of the growing in the United Kingdom of horticultural produce for sale or the growing of produce as aforesaid and its storage, preparation for market or transport.

(3) In this Part of this Act " horticultural producers’ marketing business " means a business—

(a) carried on by a co-operative association and consisting

of, or so much of a larger business so carried on as consists of, the storage, preparation for market or marketing of horticultural produce produced in the course of horticultural production businesses by members of the association, or

(b) carried on by the Land Settlement Association Limited

and consisting of, or so much of a larger business so carried on as consists of, the storage, preparation for market or marketing of horticultural produce produced in the course of horticultural production businesses by occupiers of land under the management of the Association.

(4) In the foregoing subsection "co-operative association* means any body—

(a) which is registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1954, or the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts (Northern Ireland), 1893 to 1955, or

(b) which (whether incorporated or not) has a written constitution from which the appropriate Minister is satisfied, having regard to the provision made as to the manner in which the profits of the body are to be applied for the benefit of its members and all other relevant provisions, that the body is in substance a co-operative association,

being (in either case) a body whose primary object, so far as concerns the storage, preparation for market, or marketing of horticultural produce, is to assist members in the carrying on of horticultural production businesses.

(5) In this Part of this Act " preparation for market ’* does not include canning, bottling, pulping or cooking, or preserving by sterilising, by freezing, by de-hydrating, by heat or by chemical process.

Part II Horticultural Marketing

9.—(1) There shall be a council, to be called the Horticultural Marketing Council, which shall be a body corporate by that name with perpetual succession and a common seal and power to hold land without licence in mortmain, and shall be charged with the exercise, for the purpose of improving the marketing

1960

Horticulture Act, 1960

Ch. 22

317

and distribution of, and developing the trade in, horticultural produce in Great Britain, of the functions specified in subsection (1) of the next following section.

(2) The Council shall consist of twenty-eight members appointed by the Ministers, of whom—

(a) four shall be persons who in the opinion of the Ministers

have no substantial financial interest in any business directly connected with the production, importation, marketing or distribution of horticultural produce and have special knowledge or experience which will be of value in the exercise of the Council’s functions;

(b) seven shall be persons appointed as capable of representing the interests of producers;

(c) seven shall be persons appointed as capable of representing the interests of importers and wholesalers of horticultural produce;

(d) seven shall be persons appointed as capable of representing the interests of retailers of horticultural produce;

(e) three shall be persons appointed as capable of representing the interests of workers employed in the production for sale of home-grown produce or in the marketing or distribution in Great Britain of horticultural produce.

(3) Before appointing any member of the Council other than one to be appointed under paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection, the Ministers shall consult with any bodies appearing to them to represent to any substantial extent die interests in respect of which the member is to be appointed.

(4) The Ministers shall from time to time designate, from among the members of the Council appointed under paragraph

(a) of subsection (2) of this section, a chairman and a deputy chairman of the Council.

(5) Part II of the First Schedule to the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 (which specifies bodies of which the members are disqualified under that Act) shall have effect in its application to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom with the insertion after the entry relating to the Herring Industry Board of the words—

" The Horticultural Marketing Council ".

(6) The Ministers may, after consultation with—

(a) the Council, and

(b) any bodies appearing to the Ministers to represent to any substantial extent the interests in respect of which members are or are proposed to be appointed to the Council,

Part n

318

Ch. 22

Horticulture Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n by order made by statutory instrument vary the provisions of subsection (2) of this section by altering the number of members of the Council of any description, by adding to the Council such number of members of such description as may be specified in die order, or by altering or deleting any description of members added under this subsection:

Provided that no order shall be made under this subsection unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament

(7) The provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the Council and its members.

Functions of 10.—(1) The functions of the Council referred to in subsection

Council. (i) of the foregoing section are: —

(a) obtaining and disseminating, or assisting the obtaining

and disseminating of, information about supply, demand and prices;

(b) promoting, assisting or undertaking research into

demand, actual or potential, including research into the practicability of any process which would create demand;

(c) promoting, assisting or undertaking research into questions relating to the transport, storage and preparation for market of produce and the transport and storage of containers;

() formulating standards for produce or containers, and

encouraging or assisting the adoption of standards therefor;

(e) obtaining and disseminating information about, and

promoting, assisting or undertaking research into, improved methods (including equipment) for use in preparation for market, marketing or distribution, and encouraging or assisting their adoption;

(/) advising on the lay-out of wholesale markets and the facilities to be provided in the operation thereof, and encouraging the adoption of improved lay-outs and facilities;

(g) promoting, assisting or undertaking arrangements for

stimulating the consumption of horticultural produce generally or by particular sections of the community;

(h) undertaking the certification of produce or of articles of

any description, the registration of certification trademarks and the functions of proprietors of such marks;

(i) encouraging and developing proposals for co-ordinating

the activities of producers, importers and distributors;

1960

Horticulture Act, 1960

Ch. 22

319

(/) advising the Ministers or either of them on questions Part U as to the exercise of their or his powers and duties relating to the marketing and distribution of horticultural produce,

and, subject to the consent of the Ministers, shall include any other functions which the Council may determine to be expedient to be exercised for the purpose specified in subsection (1) of the foregoing section:

Provided that, except by way of experiment or demonstration, the Council shall not carry on any trade or business or provide markets or other facilities for buying or selling produce.

(2) The Council shall not exercise its functions under paragraph if) of the foregoing subsection except after consultation with a committee appointed by the Council and consisting of—

(a) five persons 'being members of the Council,

(b) five persons appointed, after consultation with any bodies appearing to the Council to represent wholesale-market authorities, as representing such authorities,

(c) such number of other persons as the Council may

determine,

and the expenses of the committee (inducting the cost of such allowances to its members, not being members of the Council, as the Ministers may with the approval of the Treasury determine) shall be defrayed by the Council.

11.—(1) The Council may in order to enable it to meet its Provisions for expenses make and submit to the Ministers a scheme for impos- of

mg such charges as may be specified in the scheme; and the Council scheme shall provide for the determination by arbitration of questions as to the amount of any person’s liability under the scheme.

(2) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to any scheme under this section.

(3) A scheme under this section shall have effect when confirmed by an order made by the Ministers by statutory instrument; but no order shall be made under this subsection unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(4) Any scheme under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent scheme made, submitted and confirmed in the like manner and subject to the like provisions.

(5) During the period of three years beginning with the commencement of this Part of this Act the Ministers may with the consent of the Treasury make contributions to the Council of amounts not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand pounds

320

Ch. 22

Horticulture , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

Offences in relation to schemes.

in all; but contributions under this subsection may be made subject to any conditions regulating or restricting the functions of the Council, imposing requirements as to inspection of accounts and records, or relating to other matters, which the Ministers may specify, and the Ministers may recover the whole or any part of a contribution made subject to any condition if that condition is not complied with.

(6) The Council shall so exercise its powers under this section that a scheme shall be made and submitted before the end of the period specified in the foregoing subsection.

12.—<1) Any person who fails to comply with any requirement imposed by or under a scheme under the foregoing section as to registration or the keeping of records or the furnishing of information (including the production of books or other documents) shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Any person who—

(a) in furnishing any information for the purposes of any

such scheme as aforesaid makes a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular, or

(b) wilfully makes a false entry in making any record which

is required to be kept in pursuance of any such scheme, or in pursuance of any such scheme produces a document which he knows to contain an entry which is false in a material particular or recklessly produces a document which contains an entry which is false in a material particular,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) If any person discloses any information furnished to or obtained by him in pursuance of a requirement imposed by or under any such scheme as aforesaid, and the disclosure is made otherwise than—

(a) with the consent of the person by whom the information

was furnished; or

(b) to a member or officer of the Council; or

(c) in the form of a summary of similar returns or informa-

tion furnished by or obtained from a number of persons, being a summary so framed as not to enable particulars relating to the business of individual persons to be ascertained therefrom; or

() for the purposes of any legal proceedings (whether civil

or criminal and including arbitrations) arising out of this Part of this Act,

he shall be guilty of an offence.

1960

Horticulture Act, 1960

Ch. 22

321

(4) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) of this Part II section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds in the case of a first offence or one hundred pounds in the case of a second or subsequent offence, and a person guilty of any other offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or both, or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or both.

13. —(1) Where in the exercise of its functions the Council Miscellaneous renders any service to any person it may make such charges in financial respect thereof as may be agreed between it and that person.

(2) The Council may borrow money and mortgage or charge any of its property (including its income from the charges imposed by virtue of section eleven of this Act):

Provided that the powers conferred by this subsection shall not be exercisable until a scheme under the said section eleven has been confirmed.

(3) The Council shall have power to invest any of its money which is not for the time being required for any other purpose in any securities in which trustees may invest trust moneys under the powers conferred by section one of the Trustee Act, 1925, or, with the approval of the Ministers, in any other securities.

14. —(1) As soon as may be after the end of each accounting Report period the Council shall prepare and submit to the Ministers a and accounts report on the discharge of its functions under this Act during of Council, that period, and the Ministers shall lay a copy of the report before

each House of Parliament.

(2) The Council shall keep proper accounts and shall prepare in respect of eaoh of its accounting periods statements of account in such form as the Ministers, with the approval of the Treasury, may direct; and the accounts of the Council for each accounting period shall be audited by auditors to be appointed by the Council.

(3) No person shall be qualified to be appointed auditor under the foregoing subsection unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies:—

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

The Society of Incorporated Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

The Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

L

322

Ch. 22

Horticulture , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

Special arrangements for homegrown produce.

Any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of Trade.

(4) As soon as may be after the accounts of the Council have been audited, the auditors shall transmit to the Ministers copies of the statements of account together with their report thereon, and the Ministers shall lay a copy of the statements and report before each House of Parliament.

(5) Copies of reports and statements of .account prepared by the Council under this section shall be made available to the public at a reasonable price.

(6) In this section " accounting period " means the period beginning with the establishment of the Council and ending with such date falling not more than twelve months later as the Council may determine, or any subsequent period of not more than fifteen months, beginning with the end of a previous accounting period, which the Council may appoint.

15,—(1) If it appears to the Ministers, after consultation with any bodies appearing to them to represent to any substantial extent the interests of producers generally or of any description of producers, that it is expedient for promoting sales of home-grown produce and in the national interest that they should exercise their powers under this subsection, the Ministers may by order establish an organisation which shall have the functions of—

(a) promoting, assisting or undertaking arrangements for

stimulating the consumption, generally or by particular sections of the community, of the produce for which the organisation is established;

(b) undertaking the certification of that produce, the registra-

tion of certification trade-marks and the functions of proprietors of such marks; and

(c) promoting, assisting or undertaking research into the

demand (whether actual or potential) for that produce;

and the order shall provide for the incorporation of the organisation by such name as may be specified in the order, with perpetual succession and a common seal and power to hold land without licence in mortmain.

(2) An order under the foregoing subsection shall provide for the appointment by the Ministers of the members of the organisation, and—

(a) the number of the members shall not be less than seven nor more than twenty;

1960

Horticulture Act, 1960

Ch. 22

323

(b) of the members, one at least shall be a member of the Council appointed as capable of representing the interests of producers, and the remainder shall be persons appointed after consultation with any bodies appearing to the Ministers to represent to any substantial extent the interests of producers of the produce for which the organisation is established; and the Ministers shall from time to time designate a chairman and a deputy chairman.

(3) If, after such consultation as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, it appears to the Ministers that it is expedient that they should exercise their powers under that subsection as respects a particular description of home-grown produce only, the Ministers may make an order under that subsection confined to that description of produce.

(4) An order under subsection (1) of this section may be varied—

(a) if made by virtue of the foregoing subsection, so as to

extend the description of produce as respects which the organisation is constituted;

(b) in any case, so as to exclude from the operation of the order any description of produce:

Provided that no variation shall be made in pursuance of paragraph (a) of this subsection except after consultation with any bodies appearing to the Ministers to represent to any substantial extent the interests of producers generally or of any description of producers, and no variation shall be made in pursuance of paragraph (b) thereof except after consultation with any bodies appearing to the Ministers to represent to any substantial extent the interests of producers of the produce as respects which the organisation is constituted.

(5) The power to vary conferred by the foregoing subsection shall be exercisable by order made by the Ministers, and any such order may contain such consequential provisions as may be requisite for the purposes of the order, including provision for changing the name or composition of the organisation to which the order relates.

(6) Sections thirteen and fourteen of this Act shall apply in relation to an organisation established under this section as they apply in relation to the Council; and an order under subsection U) of this section shall make in relation to the organisation constituted by the order the like provision as is made in relation to the Council by subsection (5) of section nine of this Act.

(7) The provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to any organisation established under this section and its members.

Part II

324

Ch. 22

Horticulture Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

Provisions

for

defraying

expenses

under

foregoing

section.

Dissolution of Council, etc.

(8) Any power conferred by this section to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and no such order shall be made unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

16. —(1) The following provisions shall have effect for defraying the expenses of any organisation established under the foregoing section.

(2) The organisation may request the Council to make provision, in any scheme made or to be made by the Council under section eleven of this Act, for imposing additional charges for defraying the expenses of the organisation, being charges of such amounts as may be specified in the request; and the Council shall take the necessary steps for complying with the request.

(3) Subject to any provision of the scheme made in pursuance of paragraph 4 of the Second Schedule to this Act, the Council shall pay over to the organisation the proceeds of any charges imposed in pursuance of this section, less such deductions as may be provided by the scheme in respect of the cost of collection.

(4) The reference in subsection (2) of section thirteen of this Act to the income of the Council from charges shall not include a reference to income from charges imposed in pursuance of this section, but the property which the organisation may charge by virtue of the said subsection (2) shall include the organisation’s income from those charges.

17. —(1) If after such consultation as is hereinafter mentioned, it appears to the Ministers expedient so to do, they may by order dissolve the Council.

The consultation required before making an order under this subsection is with the Council and, if a scheme under section eleven of this Act has been confirmed, with any bodies appearing to the Ministers to represent to any substantial extent interests in respect of which members are appointed to the Council.

(2) If an organisation has been established under section fifteen of this Act, and after consultation with the organisation and with any bodies appearing to the Ministers to represent to any substantial extent the interests of the producers concerned, it appears to the Ministers expedient so to do, they may by order dissolve the organisation.

(3) The Ministers shall in an order under this section make such provision as appears to them requisite for—

(a) the winding up of the affairs of the Council or

organisation,

(b) in the case of the Council, if a scheme under section eleven of this Act has been confirmed then for the imposition and recovery of charges for meeting the

1960

Horticulture , 1960

Ch. 22

325

liabilities of the Council and the expenses of the wind- Part II ing up, in so far as those liabilities and expenses cannot be met out of the assets of the Council, and for the application of any surplus assets for purposes specified in the order, being purposes connected with the production, marketing and distribution of horticultural produce, but if no such scheme has been confirmed then for the payment over of any such surplus assets to the Ministers;

(c) in the case of the organisation, for the imposition and recovery of charges for meeting the liabilities of the organisation and the expenses of the winding up, in so far as those liabilities and expenses cannot be met out of the assets of the organisation, and for the application of any surplus assets for purposes specified in the order, being purposes connected with the production, marketing and distribution of the produce for which the organisation stood established before the winding up.

(4) The power to make an order conferred by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) So much of an order under this section as makes provision for the matters specified in subsection (3) of this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order of the Ministers under this section.

18. In this Part of this Act: — Interpretation " the Council " means the Horticultural Marketing Council; of Part n*

" home-grown produce " means horticultural produce grown in Great Britain;

"horticultural produce" means fresh fruit, not including nuts or dates, fresh vegetables, including fresh fungi, fresh herbs, cut flowers, pot plants and decorative foliage;

" the Ministers " means the Minister of Agriculture,

Fisheries and Food and the Secretary of State;

"preparation for market" does not include canning, bottling, pulping or cooking, or preserving by sterilising, by freezing, by de-hydrating, by heat or by chemical process;

"producers" means producers for sale of home-grown produce.

19. This Part of this Act shall come into operation on such day Commence-

as the Ministers may by order made by statutory instrument ment of Part n appoint

326

Ch. 22

Horticulture , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Extension of lime under 16 & 17 Geo. 5, c. 39, s. 2, for requiring production of books, etc. Expenses and receipts.

Short title.

Sections 9,13.

Part III General and Supplementary

20. In section two of the Horticultural Produce (Sales on Commission) Act, 1926 (under which an owner or consignor has ten days in which to require the salesman to produce books and other documents for inspection), for the words " ten days " there shall be substituted the words " one month "

21. —(1) The expenses of any Minister under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(2) Any receipts of Ministers under Part II of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

22. This Act may be cited as the Horticulture Act, 1960.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Provisions as to corporations constituted under Part II and

Members

1. In this Schedule "the Corporation* means the Horticultural Marketing Council or any organisation established under section fifteen of this Act.

2. The Corporation may act notwithstanding a vacancy among its members, and no act of the Corporation shall be deemed to be invalid by reason only of a defect in the appointment of any of the members.

3. The Corporation may appoint such advisory committees as it thinks fit to consider such matters with which the Corporation may be concerned as it may specify and report thereon to the Corporation, and any such committee may comprise persons who are not members of the Corporation.

4. —(1) In the case of an equality of votes at any meeting of the Corporation the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote.

(2) Any application of the seal of the Corporation shall be authenticated by the signature of its chairman or of some member of the Corporation authorised by it to act on his behalf, and of the secretary or some person authorised by the Corporation to act on the secretary's behalf.

(3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, the Corporation may determine its own quorum and procedure and the quorum and procedure of its committees.

1960

Horticulture , 1960

Ch. 22

327

5. —(1) Each member of the Corporation shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of his appointment; but notwithstanding anything in those terms he may at any time resign his office by notice in writing.

(2) A person who has held office as a member of the Corporation shall be eligible for reappointment.

6. —(1) The Corporation-

fa) shall pay to each of its members, in respect of his office as such, such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances as the Ministers may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine in the case of that member;

(b) may pay to members of any advisory committee, not being members of the Corporation, such allowances as the Ministers may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine; and

(c) in the case of any such member of the Corporation as the Ministers may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine, shall pay such pensions or make such payments towards the provision of pensions to or in respect of him as the Ministers may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

(2) The Ministers shall, as soon as possible after the coming into operation of Part II of this Act, lay before each House of Parliament a statement of the remuneration and allowances that are or will be payable to the members of the Corporation under this paragraph; and if any subsequent determination by the Ministers under this paragraph involves any departure from the terms of the said statement or if a determination of the Ministers under this paragraph relates to the payment of, or to payments towards the provision of, a pension to or in respect of any member of the Corporation, the Ministers shall, as soon as possible after the determination, lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament.

7. A member of the Corporation shall, if he is in any way directly or indirectly interested in a contract made or proposed to be made by the Corporation, disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Corporation as soon as possible after the relevant circumstances have come to his knowledge; and—

(a) any disclosure made by a member under this paragraph shall be recorded in the minutes of the Corporation;

(b) the member shall not take part after the disclosure in any deliberation or decision of the Corporation with respect to the contract;

(c) the member shall be disregarded for the purpose of con-

stituting a quorum of the Corporation for any such deliberation or decision.

8. —(1) The Corporation may appoint a secretary and such other officers and such servants as the Corporation may determine.

(2) The Corporation shall—

(a) pay to its officers and servants such remuneration as the Corporation may determine; and

1st Sch.

328

Ch. 22

Horticulture , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

(b) as regards any officers or servants in whose case it may oe determined by the Corporation with the approval of the Ministers so to do, pay to or in respect of those officers and servants such pensions, or provide and maintain for them such pension schemes (whether contributory or not), as may be so determined.

(3) Where any officer or servant employed by the Corporation, being a participant ip any pension scheme applicable to his office or employment, becomes a member of the Corporation, he may be treated for the purposes of the pension scheme as if his service as a member of the Corporation were service as an officer or servant employed by the Corporation, and his rights under the scheme shall not be affected by any provision of this Schedule which requires that pensions or payments towards the provision of pensions to be paid or made in the case of members of the Corporation shall be determined by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury.

9. In this Schedule " pension ", in relation to a person, means a pension, whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsoever payable to or in respect of him, and includes a gratuity so payable and a return of contributions, with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto.

Horticultural Marketing Council Charges Scheme

1. A scheme may provide for the collection of the charges therein specified in such circumstances and from such persons or classes of persons, being producers or dealers, as may be so specified, and may make different provision for different cases.

2. A scheme may make provision for enabling any person from whom charges are collected under the scheme—

(a) to recover those charges, or such part thereof as may be specified in the scheme, from other persons so specified, being producers or dealers;

(b) to make from his payments to the Council deductions of an amount or at a rate so specified in respect of his expenses in recovering any such charges or part thereof from any such other person as aforesaid;

and as respects additional charges under section sixteen of this Act shall make provision for securing that the charges, in so far as not collected from producers, are ultimately borne by producers.

3. A scheme may, so far as is necessary for determining the liability of persons to charges thereunder, require or confer on the Council power to require producers or dealers—

(a) to be registered in a register kept for that purpose by the

Council;

(b) to keep records and to furnish returns and other information, and to produce for examination on behalf of the Council books and other documents in their custody or under their

(a) the Council proposes to make provision in a scheme whereby charges will be payable (directly or indirectly) by producers

Sections 11, 16.

SECOND SCHEDULE

control.

4. If—

1960

Horticulture , 1960

Ch. 22

329

who are for the time being registered producers under a scheme (hereinafter referred to as " a marketing scheme '*) made or having effect as if made under Part I of the Agricultural Marketing Act, 1958, or

(6) the board administering a marketing scheme notify the Council that in consequence of the scheme persons will become registered producers who are producers by whom charges are payable (directly or indirectly) under a scheme under section eleven of this Act, the Council shall so exercise its powers of making or varying the scheme under the said section eleven as to secure that there will be inserted in the scheme such provision for preventing double payments or protecting the revenues of the board administering the marketing scheme as may be agreed between the Council and the board or, in default of agreement, determined by the Ministers.

5. A scheme may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as appear to the Council expedient for the purposes of the scheme.

6. In this Schedule " dealers " means persons (whether principals or agents) importing horticultural produce into Great Britain or selling it in Great Britain, but does not include producers.

GO'

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Trustee Act, 1925 Horticultural Produce (Sales on Commission) Act, 1926 Companies Act, 1948 Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948 Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949 Crofters (Scotland) Act, 1955 House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957... Agricultural Marketing Act, 1958 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 19. 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 39. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 63. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 75. 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 21. 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20. 6 &7 Eliz. 2. c. 47.

L*

2nd Sch.﻿330

Ch. 23

First Offenders )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Restriction on imprisonment of first offenders.

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 94

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

CHAPTER 23

An Act to restrict the imprisonment of first offenders in Scotland.

[13th April, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.-—(1) A court of summary jurisdiction shall not impose imprisonment on a first offender of or over the age of twenty-one, unless the court is of the opinion that no other method of dealing with him is appropriate; and subsection (2) of section eighteen of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949, shall apply for the purpose of determining whether any other method of dealing with such a person is appropriate as it applies for the purpose of determining whether any other method of dealing with a person under the age of twenty-one is appropriate.

(2) Subsection (3) of the said section eighteen (which requires a court of summary jurisdiction other than a sheriff court or a stipendiary magistrate’s court, when imposing imprisonment on a person under the age of twenty-one, to state the reason for its opinion that no other method of dealing with him is appropriate and to cause that reason to be specified in the record of the proceedings) shall, with the necessary modifications, apply where a first offender of or over the age of twenty-one is sentenced to imprisonment as it applies where imprisonment is imposed on a person under that age.

(3) A person falling to be dealt with for an offence shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a first offender if, but only if, he has not since attaining the age of seventeen been convicted of any other offence, except an offence not punishable with imprisonment; and the question whether he has been so convicted shall be determined without regard to section nine of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949, or section twelve of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948 (which relate to the effects of probation and discharge) or any corresponding enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

(4) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection the prosecutor shall be entitled to inform the court of any relevant previous conviction of the person to be dealt with, and, if that person does not admit such conviction, to adduce evidence in proof thereof either then or at a later diet; and the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of section thirty-one of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954, shall apply in relation to the proof of such conviction.

1960

First Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1960

Ch. 23, 24

331

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the First Offenders (Scotland) Short title. Act, 1960. commence-

ment and

(2) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of a extent period of one month beginning with the day on which it is passed.

(3) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 24

An Act to amend the Pawnbrokers Acts, 1872 and 1922.

[13th April, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In section ten of the Act of 1872 (which applies the provisions Increase in of that Act to every loan by a pawnbroker of forty shillings or maximum under and, except as provided, to every such loan of above forty,oan* shillings and not above ten pounds, but excludes the provisions of that Act from any loan of above ten pounds) for the words " forty shillings " and " ten pounds " there shall be substituted respectively the words " five pounds " and " fifty pounds "; and the like substitutions shall be made in the following provisions of that Act, namely—

(a) section six (which, to prevent evasion, applies the Act to certain other transactions involving payments not exceeding ten pounds); and

(b) section twenty-four (which provides that a pawnbroker may make a special contract in respect of a loan of above forty shillings); and

(c) Part I of the Fourth Schedule (which regulates the profit allowed to a pawnbroker, and distinguishes between loans of forty shillings or under and loans of above forty shillings).

2. In section sixteen of the Act of 1872 (which provides that Reduction of every pledge shall be redeemable within twelve months) for the period for words " twelve months " there shall be substituted the words redemption.

" six months ", and accordingly in that section and in sections seventeen and eighteen of the Act of 1872 for references to the year of redemption there shall be substituted references to the period of redemption.

L* 2

332

Ch. 24

Pawnbrokers Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Increase in loan for which pledge may be forfeited.

Increase in

permitted

charges.

Amendment as to claims by persons not having pawn ticket.

Consequential amendments of forms, and repeal.

3. In sections seventeen and eighteen of the Act of 1872 (which provide that a pledge for ten shillings or under shall be forfeited if not redeemed in time but that a pledge for above ten shillings shall be redeemable until sale) for the words " ten shillings " there shall be substituted the words " forty shillings ", and the like substitution shall be made in sections nineteen, twenty-one, twenty-two and twenty-three of the Act of 1872 (which contain provisions relating to the sale of pledges for above ten shillings).

4. The charges allowed to a pawnbroker for the matters referred to in the Schedule to this Act shall be those shown in that Schedule, instead of the smaller amounts allowed by the Act of 1872 or the Act of 1922; and the Act of 1872 shall have effect as if the provisions of that Schedule were substituted for Parts II to IV of the Fourth Schedule to the Act of 1872.

5. A declaration made for the purposes of section twenty-nine of the Act of 1872 (which relates to the rights of a person claiming to be the owner of a pledge or to be entitled to hold a pawn ticket, but not having the pawn ticket) shall not require to include any declaration by another person identifying the claimant.

6.—(1) In the Third Schedule to the Act of 1872 the provisions relating to the forms of pawn ticket shall be amended as follows:—

(a) for the words " ten shillings " and " forty shillings " there shall be substituted respectively the words " forty shillings " and " five pounds

(b) for the words " twelve calendar months " there shall be

substituted the words " six calendar months

(c) in the item specifying the charge for the pawn ticket, for the words " one halfpenny " or " one penny ", " twopence" shall be substituted, and after that item in forms A and B there shall be inserted—

"for valuation fee on receipt of the

pledge, on each five shillings or part of

five shillings lent twopence";

() in forms B and C, for any reference to " one penny " as the amount chargeable for the inspection of the entry of a sale in the books of a pawnbroker, " sixpence " shall be substituted. 2

(2) The form of sale book in the said Third Schedule shall not apply to pledges for loans of forty shillings or under made after the coming into force of this Act.

1960

Pawnbrokers Act, 1960

Ch. 24

333

(3) The following provisions are hereby repealed, that is to say-

fa) in the Act of 1872, in paragraph (2) of section twenty-nine the words " and by a person identifying him " and in forms IV and V in the Third Schedule the paragraph beginning " And I, C.D.";

(6) the whole of the Act of 1922.

7. —(1) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the Commence-

month beginning with the day it is passed. ment

(2) The provisions of this Act relating to declarations made for the purposes of section twenty-nine of the Act of 1872 (including the form of declaration and the charge for a form) shall apply in all cases, unless the form of declaration has been applied for before this Act comes into force.

(3) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, nothing in this Act shall apply to a loan made before the commencement of this Act, or to the pledge on which the loan is made, or to any person as pawnbroker or pawner in relation to the loan or pledge.

8. —(1) In this Act, " Act of 1872 " and " Act of 1922 " mean Interpretation,

respectively the Pawnbrokers Act, 1872, and the Pawnbrokers Act, citation and i extent.

35 & 36 Vict

(2) This Act may be cited as the Pawnbrokers Act, 1960, and c. 93.

this Act and the Pawnbrokers Act, 1872, may be cited together12 Geo 5-c- 5 as the Pawnbrokers Acts, 1872 and 1960.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE

Section 4.

Charges allowed to Pawnbroker

1. For a pawn ticket twopence.

2. Where the loan is five pounds or under, for valuation fee on receipt of the pledge, on each five shillings or part

of five shillings lent twopence.

3. For the inspection of the entry of a sale in the sale

book sixpence.

4. For a form of declaration sixpence.

Rule—this sum is to be paid by the applicant at the

time of application.

334

Ch. 25

Payments for clearance of war-damaged sites.

6 & 7 Geo. 6 c. 21.

War Damage ( Clearance Payments) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

CHAPTER 25

An Act to validate payments made by the War Damage Commission before the passing of this Act in respect of the clearance of war-damaged land, and to make further provision for such payments by the Commission.

[13th April, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Direction No. 11 made by the Treasury under subsection

(1) of section twenty of the War Damage Act, 1943 (under which it is the duty of the Treasury to give directions for securing that the provisions of Part I of that Act relating to payments for war damage shall be executed in conformity with the public interest), which Direction provided for payments of cost of works in respect of works of clearance of developed hereditaments which had sustained war damage involving total loss, is hereby revoked, but any payment made by the Commission before the passing of this Act, being a payment which the Commission purported to make in consequence of that Direction, shall be deemed to have been duly made.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a developed hereditament has sustained war damage involving total loss, the Commission may, subject to any condition which appears to the Commission requisite as to adjusting the amount of any value payment in respect of the hereditament, make, in respect of the carrying out on the hereditament (whether before or after the passing of this Act) of any work to which this subsection applies, a payment to the person by whom the cost of carrying out the work is incurred of an amount equal to the proper cost of the work.

(3) The foregoing subsection applies to work for clearing from the hereditament the remains of buildings or works, except that it does not apply to work for clearing—

(i a) remains of such a nature and in such a condition that in the opinion of the Commission they could (whether or not the hereditament has been or is to be reinstated) reasonably have been used in reinstating it in the form in which it existed before the occurrence of the war damage; or

1960

War Damage (Clearance

Act, 1960

Ch. 25

335

(b) other remains, where—

(i) the hereditament has been reinstated or redeveloped, or the Commission are satisfied that a particular project for reinstatement or redevelopment of the hereditament is to be carried out, and in the opinion of the Commission it was or will be reasonably practicable to carry out the reinstatement or redevelopment without clearing the remains,

(ii) in a case not falling within the foregoing sub-paragraph, in the opinion of the Commission it is reasonably practicable to reinstate or redevelop the hereditament without clearing the remains.

(4) Subsection (2) of this section shall apply where under subsection (1) of section sixteen of the War Damage Act, 1943 (which relates to hereditaments damaged more than once) the Commission have determined to make a single value payment in respect of the war damage to a hereditament as it applies where a developed hereditament has sustained war damage involving total loss.

(5) No payment shall be made under this section for work carried out on the hereditament or a part of it by, or by a person claiming under, any body authorised to acquire the hereditament or that part compulsorily if, after the occurrence of the damage but before the work was carried out and before the thirtieth day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, the said body has served, or is deemed by virtue of any enactment to have served, any notice to treat for the acquisition of land comprised in the hereditament or part or has entered into any agreement for the acquisition of such land.

(6) Any sums required by virtue of this Act for payments by

the Commission shall, in accordance with section two of the Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act, 1946, be charged on 9 & 10 Geo. 6. and issued out of the Consolidated Fund. c-40-

2.—<1) This Act may be cited as the War Damage (Clearance Short title and Payments) Act, 1960. construction.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with Part I of the War Damage Act, 1943.

Iron and Steel ( Provisions) Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

336 Ch. 26

CHAPTER 26

An Act to authorise the payment out of the Consolidated Fund of loans to be made for capital purposes by the Minister of Power in pursuance of arrangements under section five of the Iron and Steel Act, 1953; and for connected purposes.

[13th April, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Issue of sums out of Consolidated Fund for the provision of capital.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 15.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund to the Minister of Power any sums—

(a) which fall to be paid by the Minister by virtue of any exercise by him of the powers conferred by section five of the Iron and Steel Act, 1953 (under which he may make arrangements with any person for certain purposes which include the provision of production facilities for the supply of iron and steel products), and

(b) which are to be advanced by way of loan by the Minister under arrangements under the said section five which require the sums to be applied to defray expenditure properly chargeable to capital account, including the provision of working capital.

and subsection (7) of the said section five (which directs the payment of such sums out of moneys provided by Parliament) shall have effect subject to the provisions of this section.

(2) The Treasury shall not issue any sums to the Minister under this section unless they have approved the terms contained in the said arrangements with respect to the repayment of the sums advanced, the giving of security and the payment of interest, and the Minister shall not without the consent of the Treasury enter into any agreement to vary any of those terms.

(3) Sums issued by the Treasury to the Minister of Power under this section shall not together exceed the sum of one hundred and twenty million pounds, and no sums shall be so issued after the end of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-five.

(4) For the purpose of providing sums to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund under this section, or of providing for the replacement of sums so issued, the Treasury may at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are

1960

Iron and Steel ( Provisions) Act, 1960

Ch. 26

337

authorised to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, 2 & 3 Geo. 6. and any securities created and issued to raise money under this c 117. subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under that Act.

(5) Such of the sums paid into the Exchequer under subsection (7) of section five of the Iron and Steel Act, 1953 (which requires the Minister to pay into the Exchequer any sums received by him in consequence of any exercise by him of the powers conferred by that section), as represent interest on, or other payments received by the Minister in respect of, advances made by him out of sums issued to him under this Act shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund at such times as the Treasury may direct, and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows, that is to say,—

(a) so much thereof as represents principal shall be applied

in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit, and

(b) so much thereof as represents interest shall be applied towards meeting such part of the annual charges for the national debt as represents interest.

(6) The Minister of Power shall, as respects each financial year, prepare in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct an account of sums issued to him under this Act, and of the interest and other payments received by him in respect of advances made by him out of the sums so issued to him, and of the disposal of those sums respectively, and send it to the Comptroller and Auditor General not later than the end of November following the year; and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine, certify and report on the account and lay copies of it, together with his report, before each House of Parliament.

2. This Act may be cited as the Iron and Steel (Financial Short title. Provisions) Act, 1960.

338

Ch. 27

Gas Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Extension of

borrowing

powers.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 67.

Recovery of expenses in connection with testing of gas.

CHAPTER 27

An Act to increase the amount which may be borrowed by the Gas Council and Area Boards under the Gas Act, 1948, and to amend that Act with respect to the expenses of the Minister in connection with the testing of gas for compliance with standards prescribed under that Act.

[13th April, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subsection (3) of section forty-two of the Gas Act, 1948 (which imposes a limit of four hundred and fifty million pounds upon the aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of the principal of stock issued by the Gas Council and in respect of temporary loans raised by that Council or any Area Board) shall have effect, in relation to sums borrowed before the end of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-six, as if for the words " four hundred and fifty million pounds " there were substituted the words " five hundred million pounds or such greater sum, not exceeding five hundred and twenty-five million pounds, as the Minister may by order specify ".

(2) No order shall be made under the said subsection (3) as amended by this section unless a draft thereof has been laid before the Commons House of Parliament and has been approved by a Resolution of that House; and so much of subsection (3) of section seventy-one of the said Act as provides that orders under that Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a Resolution of either House of Parliament shall not apply.

2.—(1) Without prejudice to subsection (3) of section fifty-five of the Gas Act, 1948 (which requires the Gas Council to repay to the Minister of Power the remuneration, allowances and pensions of persons appointed by him under that section to carry out tests of the gas supplied by Area Boards) the Gas Council shall repay to that Minister such part of his other expenses as he may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine to be attributable to his functions in connection with the testing of gas for the purposes of that section.

(2) Any liability of the Gas Council in respect of sums payable by them, whether under the said subsection (3) or under subsection (1) of this section, on account of pensions shall, if the Minister so determines, be satisfied by way of contributions calculated, at such rate as may be determined by the Treasury, by reference to remuneration.

I960

Gas Act, 1960

Ch. 27, 28

339

(3) The reference in this section to expenses of the Minister of Power includes a reference to expenses incurred by any other Government department in connection with the Ministry of Power, and to such sums as the Treasury may determine in respect of the use for the purposes of that Ministry of any premises belonging to the Crown.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Gas Act, 1960. Short title and

(2) The Gas and Electricity (Borrowing Powers) Act, 1954, ^&*3*Eliz. 2. and so much of the Fourth Schedule to the Electricity Act, 1957, c. 52. as amends that Act, are hereby repealed. 5 6Eliz. 2.

c. 48.

CHAPTER 28

An Act to relax the financial conditions for legal aid under Part I of the Legal Aid and Advice Act, 1949, and under the Legal Aid (Scotland) Act, 1949, by altering the limits on disposable income and disposable capital, and the maximum amount of the contribution to the legal aid fund, to make further provision for the remuneration of counsel and solicitors in connection with such legal aid or with applications for it, and to explain references in those Acts to payment and the like.

[13th April, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In subsection (1) of section two of the Legal Aid Act (in Financial the words " legal aid shall be available for any person whose dis- conditions posable income does not exceed four hundred and twenty pounds for 1°8al "<*• a year ") for the words " four hundred and twenty pounds a year" there shall be substituted the words "seven hundred pounds a year or such larger yearly figure as may be prescribed ", and in the proviso (under which a person with a disposable capital of more than five hundred pounds may be refused legal aid) after the words " five hundred pounds " there shall be inserted the words " or such larger figure as may be prescribed ".

(2) In subsection (1) of section three of the Legal Aid Act (which imposes a maximum on a person’s contribution to the legal aid

340

CH. 28

Legal Aid Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

fund by reference to the amounts of his disposable income and disposable capital) there shall be substituted—

(a) for the words " half the amount (if any) by which his disposable income exceeds one hundred and fifty-six pounds a year " the words " one third of the amount (if any) by which his disposable income exceeds two hundred and fifty pounds a year or such larger yearly figure as may be prescribed "; and

(b) for the words " the amount (if any) by which his disposable capital exceeds seventy-five pounds " the words " the amount (if any) by which his disposable capital exceeds one hundred and twenty-five pounds or such larger figure as may be prescribed ";

and in subsection (5) of section five (which restricts the right of persons with disposable income or disposable capital exceeding specified figures to receive legal aid in matters not involving litigation) for the words " for any person whose disposable income exceeds one hundred and fifty-six pounds a year or whose disposable capital exceeds seventy-five pounds'* there shall be substituted the words " for any person whose disposable income or disposable capital is enough to permit under subsection (1) of section three of this Act of his making a contribution to the legal aid fund in respect of legal aid to which that subsection relates

(3) Regulations under the Legal Aid Act, if they include any provision made by virtue of subsection (1) of section two or subsection (1) of section three of the Legal Aid Act as amended by this section (not being a provision to the same effect as a provision revoked by the regulations), shall not come into force unless or until approved by resolution of each House of Parliament, and accordingly shall not be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution as provided for other regulations by subsection (5) of section twelve of that Act.

(4) Where the period of computation used in determining the maximum amount of a person’s contribution in respect of income under subsection (1) of section three of the Legal Aid Act begins before the date of a change made by or by virtue of this section in the maximum amount of the contribution under that subsection, then—

(a) if the period of computation ends two months or more after the time the change takes effect, his maximum contribution in respect of income shall be arrived at by apportioning it between the parts of that period falling before and after that time according to the

1960

Legal Aid Act, 1960

Ch. 28

341

number of months in each part (but so that any fraction of a month in the second part shall be treated as a complete month), and by giving effect to the change in determining the amount of the contribution in respect of the second part; but

(b) otherwise the maximum amount of his contribution shall be unaffected by the change.

2. In the Third Schedule to the Legal Aid Act (which regulates Remuneration the remuneration of persons giving legal aid under Part I of the for persons Act, and in paragraphs 1 and 2 limits it in certain cases to eighty- jKm8Iegal five per cent, of the amount allowed on taxation) after the words m *

" eighty-five per cent.", wherever occurring in either of those paragraphs, there shall be inserted the words " or such larger percentage as may be prescribed ".

3. —(1) Where, on an application for legal aid under section one Remuneration of the Legal Aid Act in connection with any proceedings, the for persons appropriate authority decide that the applicant is (subject to the

issue and acceptance of a legal aid certificate) entitled to legal foHegal aid aid for the purpose of those proceedings, any solicitor who has in Scotland, acted for the applicant in preparing and submitting the application shall, for the purposes of subsection (4) of section six of the said Act (which subsection relates to the payment out of the legal aid fund of solicitors and counsel acting for persons receiving legal aid) be deemed, when so acting, to have been acting for a person receiving legal aid, notwithstanding that a legal aid certificate is not issued and accepted.

(2) No payment shall be made out of the legal aid fund by virtue of the foregoing subsection in respect of any act in respect of which payment out of that fund has been, or could be, made by virtue of any provision of the Legal Aid Act other than the said subsection (4).

(3) This section shall not have effect in relation to any application for legal aid made before the commencement of this Act.

(4) In this section—

" the appropriate authority ", in relation to any application for legal aid, means any committee or other body having jurisdiction to entertain the application (whether directly or on appeal) under any scheme having effect by virtue of section eight of the Legal Aid Act;

" legal aid certificate " means a certificate required under any such scheme to be obtained as a condition of entitlement to legal aid.

(5) This section shall extend to Scotland only.

342

Ch. 28, 29

Legal Aid , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Explanation of 4. For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared that a mmSnts 10 P10^011 of the Legal Aid Act requiring anything to be paid

paymen . into or out of the legal aid fund is not to be taken as requiring the making of an actual payment, so as to prevent the obligation to make it being satisfied in whole or in part by an allowance in account or in any other way; and in that Act references to ♦ payments, to sums paid or payable or to receipts and similar references (whether in connection with that fund or not) shall be read accordingly

Short title, construction and citation. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 31, 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 63.

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Legal Aid Act, 1960.

(2) In this Act " the Legal Aid Act " means as respects England and Wales the Legal Aid and Advice Act, 1949, and as respects Scotland the Legal Aid (Scotland) Act, 1949; and this Act shall be construed as one with the Legal Aid Act.

(3) This Act and the Legal Aid and Advice Act, 1949, may be cited together as the Legal Aid and Advice Acts, 1949 and 1960.

(4) This Act and the Legal Aid (Scotland) Act, 1949, may be cited together as the Legal Aid (Scotland) Acts, 1949 and 1960

CHAPTER 29

An Act to enable a person to marry certain kin of a former spouse.

[13th April, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Certain 1.—(1) No marriage hereafter contracted (whether in or

marriages not out of Great Britain) between a man and a woman who is the to be void. sister, aunt or niece of a former wife of his (whether living or not), or was formerly the wife of his brother, uncle or nephew (whether living or not), shall by reason of that relationship be void or voidable under any enactment or rule of law applying in Great Britain as a marriage between persons within the prohibited degrees of affinity.

(2) In the foregoing subsection words of kinship apply equally to kin of the whole and of the half blood.

(3) This section does not validate a marriage, if either party to it is at the time of the marriage domiciled in a country outside Great Britain, and under the law of that country there cannot be a valid marriage between the parties.

1960

Marriage (Enabling) Act, 1960

Ch. 29, 30

343

(4) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of the Schedule.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Marriage (Enabling) Act, Short title, 1960, and this Act and the Marriage Acts, 1949 to 1958, may be citation and cited together as the Marriage Acts, 1949 to 1960. extent

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

7 Edw. 7. c. 47. The Deceased Wife’s Sister’s Marriage Act, 1907. The whole Act

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 24. The Deceased Brother’s Widow's Marriage Act, 1921. The whole Act

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 31. The Marriage (Prohibited Degrees of Relationship) Act, 1931. The whole Act

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 76. The Marriage Act, 1949. Subsections (2) and (3) of section one; Part II of the First Schedule.

CHAPTER 30

Occupiers’ Liability (Scotland) , 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Variation of rules of common law as to duty of care owed by occupiers.

2. Extent of occupier’s duty to show care.

3. Landlord’s liability by virtue of responsibility for repairs.

4. Application to Crown.

5. Short title, extent and commencement.

344 Ch. 30 Occupiers' Liability ( 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

; 1960

An Act to amend the law of Scotland as to the liability of occupiers and others for injury or damage occasioned to persons or property on any land or other premises by reason of the state of the premises or of anything done or omitted to be done thereon; and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Variation of rules of common law as to duty of care owed by occupiers.

1.—(1) The provisions of the next following section of this Act shall have effect, in place of the rules of the common law, for the purpose of determining the care which a person occupying or having control of land or other premises (in this Act referred to as an " occupier of premises ") is required, by reason of such occupation or control, to show towards persons entering on the premises in respect of dangers which are due to the state of the premises or to anything done or omitted to be done on them and for which he is in law responsible.

(2) Nothing in those provisions shall be taken to alter the rules of the common law which determine the person on whom in relation to any premises a duty to show care as aforesaid towards persons entering thereon is incumbent.

(3) Those provisions shall apply, in like manner and to the same extent as they do in relation to an occupier of premises and to persons entering thereon,—

(a) in relation to a person occupying or having control of any fixed or moveable structure, including any vessel, vehicle or aircraft, and to persons entering thereon; and

(ft) in relation to an occupier of premises or a person occupying or having control of any such structure and to property thereon, including the property of persons who have not themselves entered on the premises or structure.

Extent of 2.—(1) The care which an occupier of premises is required,

occupier’s by reason of his occupation or control of the premises, to duty to show sbow towards a person entering thereon in respect of dangers which are due to the state of the premises or to anything done or omitted to be done on them and for which the occupier is in law responsible shall, except in so far as he is entitled to and does extend, restrict, modify or exclude by agreement his obligations towards that person, be such care as in all the circumstances of the case is reasonable to see that that person will not suffer injury or damage by reason of any such danger.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall relieve an occupier of premises of any duty to show in any particular case

1960

Occupiers' Liability (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 30

345

any higher standard of care which in that case is incumbent on him by virtue of any enactment or rule of law imposing special standards of care on particular classes of persons.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be held to impose on an occupier any obligation to a person entering on his premises in respect of risks which that person has willingly accepted as his; and any question whether a risk was so accepted shall be decided on the same principles as in other cases in which one person owes to another a duty to show care.

3. —(1) Where premises are occupied or used by virtue of a Landlord’s tenancy under which the landlord is responsible for the main- liability by tenance or repair of the premises, it shall be the duty of the Vlrtuen2hiiitv landlord to show towards any persons who or whose property for repairs, may from time to time be on the premises the same care in

respect of dangers arising from any failure on his part in carrying out his responsibility aforesaid as is required by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Act to be shown by an occupier of premises towards persons entering on them.

(2) Where premises are occupied or used by virtue of a subtenancy, the foregoing subsection shall apply to any landlord who is responsible for the maintenance or repair of the premises comprised in the sub-tenancy.

(3) Nothing in this section shall relieve a landlord of any duty which he is under apart from this section.

(4) For the purposes of this section, any obligation imposed on a landlord by any enactment by reason of the premises being subject to a tenancy shall be treated as if it were an obligation imposed on him by the tenancy, " tenancy " includes a statutory tenancy which does not in law amount to a tenancy and includes also any contract conferring a right of occupation, and " landlord " shall be construed accordingly.

(5) This section shall apply to tenancies created before the commencement of this Act as well as to tenancies created after its commencement.

4. This Act shall bind the Crown, but as regards the liability Application of the Crown for any wrongful or negligent act or omission giving to Crown, rise to liability in reparation shall not bind the Crown any further

than the Crown is made liable in respect of such acts or omissions by the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, and that Act and in 10 & 11 Geo. 6. particular section two thereof shall apply in relation to duties c. 44. under section two or section three of this Act as statutory duties.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Occupiers’ Liability Short title, (Scotland) Act, 1960, and shall extend to Scotland only.

' / j commence*

(2) This Act shall come into operation at the end of the period ment. of three months beginning with the day on which it is passed.

346 Ch. 31 Highlands and Islands 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Shipping Services Act, 1960

CHAPTER 31

An Act to authorise the Secretary of State to assist persons concerned with the provision of sea transport services serving the Highlands and Islands; and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Assistance to persons providing sea transport services.

1 Edw. 8 &

1 Geo. 6. c. 28.

1.—(1) For the purposes of maintaining and improving sea transport services serving the Highlands and Islands (hereinafter referred to as " the purposes of this Act ") the Secretary of State may assist in accordance with this Act persons—

(a) who provide, and are wholly or mainly engaged in providing, such services,

(b) who provide such services and are local authorities within the meaning of the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act, 1937, or

(c) who propose to provide such services.

(2) In the foregoing subsection " sea transport services " means public transport services (including such services ancillary thereto as are necessary for the proper functioning thereof) provided in an undertaking which consists of, or includes to a substantial extent, the provision of public transport by sea.

Advances and 2.—(1) For the purposes of this Act the Secretary of State may,

diarter of with the consent of the Treasury and subject to the provisions of this section

(a) undertake to make, and make, advances either by way of

grant or by way of loan, or partly in one of those ways and partly in the other, on such terms and conditions as he considers expedient for the purposes of this Act, to persons of the descriptions specified in the foregoing section;

(b) enter into contracts for the charter to such persons of

ships for the time being held by him under this Act.

(2) The Secretary of State shall not under this section undertake to make, or make, any advance to, or enter into any contract with, any person of a description specified in the foregoing section who provides regular public transport services serving places outwith the Highlands and Islands otherwise than incidentally to the service of places within the Highlands and Islands.

(3) Where the Secretary of State proposes under this section to make to any person in any financial year any advance which.

1960

Highlands and Islands

Shipping Services , 1960

Ch. 31

347

by itself or taken with any other advance made or to be made under this section to that person in that financial year, exceeds in the aggregate the sum of ten thousand pounds he shall do so only in accordance with an undertaking a draft of which (including the terms and conditions upon which die undertaking is proposed to be made) has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of the Commons House thereof.

3.—(1) For the purposes of paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) Supplementary of the last foregoing section the Secretary of State may enter provisions, into contracts with others for the building by them of ships for acquisition by him, and may acquire, or take on charter, and hold ships; and with respect to any ship for the time being held by him under this section he may do all things necessary for, or incidental to, its maintenance, may cause it to be altered, modified or converted and may dispose of it in such manner as he thinks fit.

(2) The power conferred by this section to acquire ships may be exercised by way of purchase, exchange or otherwise.

4. Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under this Expenses and Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and receipts, any receipts of the Secretary of State under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

5. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,— Interpretation.

"financial year" means the period beginning with the commencement of this Act and ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-one, and each subsequent period of twelve months beginning with the first day of April;

"Highlands and Islands" means the counties specified in the Schedule to this Act, inclusive of any burgh situated therein;

" sea transport services " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

" ships " includes boats and vessels of any description for use in navigation.

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Highlands and Islands Citation and

Shipping Services Act, 1960. extent

(2) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

348

Ch. 31, 32

Highlands and Islands

Shipping Services , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE

Counties to which Section One Applies The County of Argyll.

The County of Caithness.

The County of Inverness.

The County of Orkney.

The County of Ross and Cromarty.

The County of Sutherland.

The County of Zetland.

Amendment of Population (Statistics) Act, 1938.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 12.

Amendments as to

certificates of still-birth in England and Wales.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

CHAPTER 32

An Act to make permanent the Population (Statistics) Act, 1938, and to make further provision as to matters with respect to which particulars may be required under that Act and as to certificates to be produced on the registration of still-births.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Population (Statistics) Act, 1938, as amended by subsequent enactments, including this Act, shall have permanent effect; and accordingly subsection (4) of section seven thereof (which provides for the Act to have temporary effect) is hereby repealed.

(2) The Schedule to this Act shall be substituted for the Schedule to the said Act of 1938.

2.—(1) In section eleven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1953 (which contains special provisions as to the registration of still-births), for paragraph (a) of subsection (1) (which requires the informant to deliver to the registrar a written certificate that the child was not bom alive, signed either by a registered medical practitioner or a certified midwife) there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" (a) deliver to the registrar a certificate in the prescribed form signed by a registered medical practitioner who was present at the birth or has examined the body of the child, or, if no registered medical practitioner was so present or has examined the body, by a certified midwife who was so present or has examined the body.

1960

Population (Statistics) Act, 1960

Ch. 32

349

being a certificate stating that the child was not bom alive and, where possible, stating to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person signing it the cause of death and the estimated duration of the pregnancy; or ".

(2) In the said section eleven, after subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (1A) Every registered medical practitioner or certified midwife who is present at a still-birth or examines the body of a still-bom child shall, at the request of any person who is a qualified informant as to the birth, give to that person a certificate for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection/’

(3) In subsection (2) of the said section eleven, for the words " file foregoing subsection " there shall be substituted the words " subsection (1) of this section

3.—(1) In section one of the Registration of Still-Births (Scot- Amendments land) Act, 1938, in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) for the words as to " in attendance ", in both places where they occur, there shall be substituted the word "present ?f

(2) In the said section one, after subsection (2) there shall be 1 & 2 Geo. 4 * 6* inserted the following subsection— c- 55#

" (2A) Every registered medical practitioner or certified midwife who was present at a still-birth or examined the body of a still-bom child shall, at the request of any person who by virtue of the Registration Acts is required to give information touching that birth, give to that person a certificate for the purposes of paragraph ( ) of the last foregoing subsection; and the certificate shall, where possible, state (in addition to the other matters referred to in that paragraph) to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person signing it the estimated duration of the pregnancy of the mother of the child."

4. The general abstracts which under section nineteen of the Additional Registration Service Act, 1953, and section seven of the Registra- matters to tion of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854, are mcl^?,ed required to be sent annually to the Minister of Health and the of Secretary of State respectively and to be laid before Parliament Registrar shall include the statistical information compiled— General and

(a) from particulars furnished to registrars in England and Genendfor Wales and in Scotland respectively under the Population Scotland. (Statistics) Act, 1938, on the registration of births, i & 2 Eliz. 2. still-births and deaths registered in the last preceding c. 37. year; and 17 & 18 Vict*

C. Ov*

350

Ch. 32, 33 Population ( Statistics) , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Short title extent and commencement

Section 1.

(6) from certificates delivered to registrars in those countries respectively under section eleven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1953, or, as the case may be, section one of the Registration of Still-Births (Scotland) Act, 1938, on the registration of still-births so registered.

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Population (Statistics) Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) Section one of, and the Schedule to, this Act shall come into force on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and sixty-one, and sections two, three and four of this Act shall come into force on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and sixty.

SCHEDULE

Particulars which may be required

1. On registration of a birth ( including a still-birth)

(a) in all cases the age of the mother;

(b) where the name of any person is to be entered in the register of births as father of the child, the age of that person;

(c) except where the birth is of an illegitimate child—

(i) the date of the parents* marriage;

(ii) whether the mother had been married before her marriage to the father of the child;

(iii) the number of children of the mother by her present husband and by any former husband, and how many of them were bom alive or were still-bom.

2. On registration of death (a) whether the deceased was single, married, widowed or divorced;

(b) the age of the surviving spouse, if any, of the deceased.

CHAPTER 33

An Act to make further provision for the punishment of indecent conduct towards young children, and to increase the maximum sentence of imprisonment under the Sexual Offences Act, 1956, for certain existing offences against young girls.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1960

Indecency with Children , 1960

Ch. 33

351

1.—(1) Any person who commits an act of gross indecency indecent with or towards a child under the age of fourteen, or who incites conduct a child under that age to such an act with him or another, toward?hild shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for young a term not exceeding two years, or on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both.

(2) On a charge of an offence under this section, the wife or husband of the accused shall be competent to give evidence at every stage of the proceedings, whether for the defence or for the prosecution, and whether the accused is charged solely or jointly with any other person:

Provided that—

(a) the wife or husband shall not be compellable either to give evidence or, in giving evidence, to disclose any communication made to her or him during the marriage by the accused; and

(b) the failure of the wife or husband of the accused to give evidence shall not be made the subject of any comment by the prosecution.

This subsection shall not affect section one of the Criminal 61 & 62 Vict. Evidence Act, 1898, or any case where the wife or husband of the 36-accused may at common law be called as a witness without the consent of the accused.

(3) References in the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933,23 & 24 Geo. except in section fifteen (which relates to the competence as a 5*c- 12-witness of the wife or husband of the accused), to the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to that Act shall include offences

under this section.

(4) Offences under this section shall be deemed to be offences 15 & 16 Geo. against the person for the purpose of section three of the Visiting 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. Forces Act, 1952 (which restricts the trial by United Kingdom c> 67, courts of offenders connected with visiting forces).

2.—(1) The maximum term of imprisonment to which a Length of person is liable under the Sexual Offences Act, 1956, if convicted imprisonment on indictment of an attempt to have unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under the age of thirteen, or of an indecent assault agsd^sf on a girl who is stated in the indictment and proved to have been young girls, at the time under that age,— 4 & 5 Eliz. 2.

c. 69.

(a) in the case of such an attempt, shall be seven years; and

(b) in the case of an indecent assault, shall be five years.

352

Ch. 33, 34 Indecency with Children Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Short title, extent and commencement.

(2) In the case of a person convicted of attempted incest with a girl who is stated in the indictment and proved to have been at the time under the age of thirteen the foregoing subsection shall apply as it applies in the case of a person convicted of an attempt to have unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under that age.

(3) Accordingly in the Second Schedule to that Act, for the words " two years " in the third column in items 2 (b), 14 (b) and 17 (i), there shall be substituted—

(a) in item 2 (b) the words " seven years *;

(b) in item 14 (b) the words " if with a girl under thirteen who is stated to have been so in the indictment, seven years; otherwise two years ";

(c) in item 17 (i) the words " if on a girl under thirteen who

is stated to have been so in the indictment, five years; otherwise two years ".

(4) This section shall not apply to offences committed on or before the date this Act is passed.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Indecency with Children Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of one month beginning with the date it is passed.

CHAPTER 34

Radioactive Substances , 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. General provisions for registration of users of radioactive material.

2. Exemptions from registration under s. 1.

3. Registration of mobile radioactive apparatus.

4. Exemptions from registration under s. 3.

5. Cancellation and variation of registration.

6. Disposal of radioactive waste.

7. Accumulation of radioactive waste.

8. Supplementary provisions as to authorisation of disposal and accumula-

tion of radioactive waste.

9. Provisions as to functions of public and local authorities.

10. Additional facilities and powers for disposal and accumulation of

radioactive waste.

1960

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960

Ch. 34

353

Section

11. Procedure in connection with registrations and authorisations.

12. Rights of entry and inspection.

13. Offences.

14. Application of Act to Crown.

15. Regulations and orders.

16. Financial provisions.

17. Repeals and transitional provisions.

18. Meaning of " radioactive material ", " radioactive waste " and " mobile

radioactive apparatus ".

19. General interpretation provisions.

20. Application to Scotland.

21. Northern Ireland.

22. Short title.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Enactments, other than local enactments, to which s. 9 (1) applies.

Second Schedule—Exercise of rights of entry and inspection.

Third Schedule—Specified elements.

An Act to regulate the keeping and use of radioactive material, and to make provision as to the disposal and accumulation of radioactive waste; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) As from the appointed day no person shall, on any General premises which are used for the purposes of an undertaking provisions for carried on by him, keep or use, or cause or permit to be kept or restoration of used, radioactive material of any description, knowing or having J^Soactive reasonable grounds for believing it to be radioactive material, material unless either—

(a) he is registered under this section in respect of those premises and in respect of the keeping and use thereon of radioactive material of that description, or

(b) he is exempted from registration under this section in respect of those premises and in respect of the keeping and use thereon of radioactive material of that description, or

(c) the radioactive material in question consists of mobile radioactive apparatus in respect of which a person is registered under section three of this Act or is exempted from registration under that section.

M

354

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(2) Any application for registration under this section shall be made to the Minister, specifying—

(a) the premises to which the application relates;

(b) the undertaking for the purposes of which those premises

are used;

(c) the description or descriptions of radioactive material

proposed to be kept or used on the premises, and the maximum quantity of radioactive material of each such description likely to be kept or used thereon at any one time; and

() the manner (if any) in which radioactive material is proposed to be used on the premises,

and containing such other information as may be prescribed.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, where an application is made to the Minister for registration under this section in respect of any premises, the Minister may either—

(a) register the applicant in respect of those premises and

in respect of the keeping and use thereon of radioactive material of the description to which the application relates, or

(b) if the application relates to two or more descriptions

of radioactive material, register the applicant in respect of those premises and in respect of the keeping and use thereon of such one or more of those descriptions of radioactive material as may be specified in the registration, or

(c) refuse the application.

(4) Any registration under this section in respect of any premises may (subject to the next following subsection) be effected subject to such limitations or conditions as the Minister thinks fit, and in particular (but without prejudice to the generality of this subsection) may 'be effected subject to conditions of any of the following descriptions, that is to say,—

(a) conditions imposing requirements (including, if the Minister thinks fit, requirements involving structural or other alterations) in respect of any part of the premises, or in respect of any apparatus, equipment or appliance used or to be used thereon for the purposes of any use of radioactive material from which radioactive waste is likely to arise;

(b) conditions requiring the person to whom the registration

relates, at such times and in such manner as may be specified in the registration, to furnish the Minister with information as to the removal of radioactive material from those premises to any other premises;

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

355

(c) conditions prohibiting radioactive material from being sold or otherwise supplied from those premises unless it (or die container in which it is supplied) bears a label or other mark indicating that it is radioactive material or (if the conditions so require) indicating the description of radioactive material to which it belongs, and (in either case) complying with any requirements specified in die conditions in relation thereto.

(5) In the exercise of any power conferred on him by subsection

(3) or subsection (4) of this section, the Minister, except in determining whether to impose any conditions falling within paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of the said subsection (4), shall have regard exclusively to the amount and character of the radioactive waste likely to arise from the keeping or use of radioactive material on the premises in question.

(6) On registering a person under this section in respect of any premises, the Minister shall furnish him with a certificate containing all material particulars of the registration, and (unless, for reasons of national security, it is in die Minister’s opinion necessary that knowledge of the registration should be restricted) shall send a copy of the certificate to each local authority in whose area the premises are situated.

2.—(1) The Authority are exempted from registration under Exemptions the preceding section in respect of all premises used for the from purpose of their undertaking and in respect of the keeping registration and use thereon of radioactive material of every description. under 8* *•

(2) At any time while a nuclear site licence is in force in respect of a site, and at any time after the revocation or surrender of such a licence but before the period of responsibility of the licensee has come to an end, the licensee (subject to die next following subsection) is exempted from registration under the preceding section in respect of any premises situated on that site and in respect of the keeping and use thereon of radioactive material of every description.

(3) Where, in the case of any such premises as are mentioned in the last preceding subsection, it appears to the Minister that, if the licensee had been required to apply for registration under the preceding section in respect of those premises, the Minister would have imposed conditions such as are mentioned in paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of subsection (4) of that section, the Minister may direct that the exemption conferred by the last preceding subsection shall have effect subject to such conditions (being conditions which in the opinion of the Minister correspond to those which he would so have imposed) as may be specified in the direction.

M2

356

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Ac, 1960 8 & 9 ELiz. 2

(4) On giving a direction under the last preceding subsection in respect of any premises, the Minister shall furnish the licensee with a copy of the direction.

(5) In respect of all premises, all persons are exempted from registration under die preceding section in respect of the keeping and use thereon of clocks and watches which are radioactive material:

Provided that this subsection does not apply to any premises on which clocks or watches are manufactured or repaired by processes involving the use of luminous material.

(6) The Minister may by order grant further exemptions from registration under the preceding section, by reference to such classes of premises and undertakings, and such descriptions of radioactive material, as may be specified in the order.

(7) Any exemption granted by an order under the last preceding subsection may be granted subject to such limitations or conditions as may be specified in the order.

Registration of mobile radioactive apparatus.

3.—(1) As from the appointed day no person shall—

(a) keep, or cause or permit to be kept, mobile radioactive

apparatus of any description for the purpose of its being used in the provision by him of services to which this section applies, or

(b) use, lend or let on hire, or cause or permit to be used,

lent or let on hire, mobile radioactive apparatus of any description in the course of the provision by him of any such services,

unless he is registered under this section in respect of that apparatus or is exempted from registration under this section in respect of mobile radioactive apparatus of that description.

(2) This section applies to any services which consist of—

(a) using mobile radioactive apparatus for testing, measuring

or otherwise investigating any of the characteristics of substances or articles situated elsewhere than on premises occupied by the person providing the services, or

(b) lending or letting on hire mobile radioactive apparatus

for the purpose of its being so used.

(3) Any application for registration under this section shall be made to the Minister, specifying the mobile radioactive apparatus to which the application relates, and the nature of the services to which this section applies in the course of which the apparatus is to be used, lent or let on hire, and containing such other information as may be prescribed.

'4) Where an application is made to the Minister for registration under this section in respect of any apparatus, the Minister may register the applicant in respect of that apparatus, either

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

357

unconditionally or subject to such limitations or conditions as the Minister thinks fit, or may refuse the application.

(5) On registering a person under this section in respect of any mobile radioactive apparatus, the Minister shall furnish him with a certificate containing all material particulars of the registration.

4.—(1) The Authority are exempted from registration under Exemptions the last preceding section in respect of mobile radioactive from apparatus of every description.

(2) The Minister may by order grant further exemptions from registration under the last preceding section, by reference to such classes of persons, and such descriptions of mobile radioactive apparatus, as may be specified in the order.

(3) Any exemption granted by an order under the last preceding subsection may be granted subject to such limitations or conditions as may be specified in the order.

5,—(1) Where any person is for the time being registered Cancellation under section one or section three of this Act, the Minister may a? variation at any time cancel the registration, or may vary it— ot rcglstration

(a) where the registration has effect without limitations or

conditions, by attaching limitations or conditions thereto;

(b) where the registration has effect subject to limitations or conditions, by revoking or varying any of those limitations or conditions or by attaching further limitations or conditions thereto.

(2) On cancelling or varying a registration by virtue of this section, the Minister shall give notice thereof to the person to whom die registration relates, and, if a copy of the certificate of registration was sent to a local authority in accordance with subsection (6) of section one of this Act, shall send a copy of the notice to that local authority.

6.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, as from the Disposal appointed day no person shall, except in accordance with an of radioactive authorisation granted in that behalf under this subsection,wa8tc* dispose of any radioactive waste on or from any premises which are used for the purposes of an undertaking carried on by him, or cause or permit any radioactive waste to be so disposed of, if (in any such case) he knows or has reasonable grounds for believing it to be radioactive waste.

(2) Where any person keeps any mobile radioactive apparatus for the purpose of its being used in the provision by him of services to which section three of this Act applies, he shall not, on or after the appointed day, dispose of any radioactive waste arising from any such apparatus so kept by him, or cause or permit any such radioactive waste to be disposed of, except in

358

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

accordance with an authorisation granted in that behalf under this subsection.

(3) Where on or after the appointed day any person, in the course of the carrying on by him of an undertaking, receives any radioactive waste for the purpose of its being disposed of by him, he shall not, except in accordance with an authorisation granted in that behalf under this subsection, dispose of that waste, or cause or permit it to be disposed of, knowing or having reasonable grounds for believing it to be radioactive waste:

Provided that the disposal of any radioactive waste does not require an authorisation under this subsection, if it is waste which falls within the provisions of an authorisation granted under either of the preceding subsections, and it is disposed of in accordance with the authorisation so granted.

(4) Subsections (1) and (3) of this section shall not apply to the disposal of any radioactive waste arising from clocks or watches:

Provided that this subsection shall not affect the operation of subsection (1) of this section in relation to the disposal of any such radioactive waste on or from premises which, by virtue of the proviso to subsection (5) of section two of this Act, are excluded from the operation of the said subsection (5).

(5) Without prejudice to the last preceding subsection, the Minister may by order exclude particular descriptions of radioactive waste from any of the provisions of this section, either absolutely or subject to limitations or conditions; and accordingly such of those provisions as may be specified in an order under this subsection shall not apply to a disposal of radioactive waste if it is radioactive waste of a description so specified, and <where the exclusion is subject to limitations or conditions) the limitations or conditions specified in the order are complied with.

(6) In relation to any premises which—

(a) are situated on a site in respect of which a nuclear site

licence is for the time being in force, or in respect of which, after the revocation or surrender of such a licence, the period of responsibility of the licensee has not come to an end, but

(b) have ceased to be used for the purposes of an undertaking carried on by the licensee,

subsection (1) of this section shall apply (subject to the provisions of subsections (4) and (5) of this section) as if the premises were used for the purposes of an undertaking carried on by the licensee.

le

1960

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960

Ch. 34

359

7«—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, as from the Accumulation appointed day no person shall, except in accordance with an of radioactive authorisation granted in that behalf under this section, accumu-wastc* late (with a view to the subsequent disposal thereof) any radioactive waste on any premises which are used for the purposes of an undertaking carried on by him, or cause or permit any radioactive waste to be so accumulated, if (in any such case) he knows or has reasonable grounds for believing it to be radioactive waste.

(2) Where the disposal of any radioactive waste has been authorised under the last preceding section, and in accordance with that authorisation the waste is required or permitted to be accumulated with a view to the subsequent disposal thereof, no further authorisation under this section shall be required to enable the waste to be accumulated in accordance with the authorisation granted under the last preceding section.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to the accumulation of radioactive waste on—

(a) any premises used for the purposes of their undertaking

by die Authority, or

(b) any premises situated on a site in respect of which a

nuclear site licence is for the time being in force, or

(c) any premises situated on a site in respect of which,

after the revocation or surrender of a nuclear site licence, the period of responsibility of the licensee has not come to an end.

(4) The provisions of subsections (4) and (5) of the last preceding section shall apply for the purposes of this section, as if in those provisions any reference to subsection (1) or subsection (3) of that section were a reference to subsection (1) of this section, and any reference to disposal were a reference to accumulation.

(5) For the purposes of this section, where radioactive material is produced, kept or used on any premises, and any substance arising from the production, keeping or use of that material is accumulated in a part of the premises appropriated for the purpose, and is retained there for a period of not less than three months, that substance shall, unless the contrary is proved, be presumed—

(a) to be radioactive waste, and

(b) to be accumulated on the premises with a view to the

subsequent disposal thereof.

8.—(1) The power to grant authorisations under subsection Supplementary

(1) of section six of this Act in respect of the disposal of radio- provisions as active waste on or from— to^authorisa-

(a) any premises used for the purposes of their undertaking disposal and by the Authority, or accumulation

of radioactive waste.

360

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(6) any premises situated on a site in respect of which a nuclear site licence is for the time being in force, or

(c) any premises situated on a site in respect of which, after the revocation or surrender of a nuclear site licence, the period of responsibility of the licensee has not come to an end,

shall be exercisable by the Minister and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food; and the disposal of radioactive waste on or from any such premises shall not be treated as authorised thereunder unless it is so authorised by both those Ministers.

(2) Before granting an authorisation to which the preceding subsection applies, the Minister and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food shall each consult with such local authorities, river boards, local fisheries committees, statutory water undertakers or other public or local authorities as appear to him to be proper to be consulted by him.

(3) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, the power to grant authorisations under section six or section seven of this Act shall be exercisable by the Minister.

(4) Any authorisation under section six or section seven of this Act may be granted either in respect of radioactive waste generally or in respect of such one or more descriptions of radioactive waste as may be specified in the authorisation; and any such authorisation may be granted subject to such limitations or conditions as the Minister or Ministers granting the authorisation think fit.

(5) On granting any such authorisation, the Minister or Ministers concerned—

(a) shall furnish the person to whom the authorisation is

granted with a certificate containing all material particulars of the authorisation; and

(b) shall (unless, for reasons of national security, it is in the opinion of the Minister or Ministers concerned necessary that knowledge of the authorisation should be restricted) send a copy of the certificate to each local authority in whose area, in accordance with the authorisation, radioactive waste is to be disposed of or accumulated, and, in the case of an authorisation to which subsection (1) of this section applies, to any other public or local authority consulted in relation thereto in accordance with subsection (2) of this section.

(6) Any such authorisation shall have effect as from such date as may be specified therein: and in fixing that date, in the case of an authorisation where copies of the certificate are required to be sent as mentioned in paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection, the Minister or Ministers concerned—

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

361

(a) shall have regard to the time ait which those copies may be expected to be sent, and (b)shall fix a date appearing to him or them to be such as will allow an interval of not less than twenty-eight days after that time before the authorisation has effect,

unless in his or their opinion it is necessary that the coming into operation of the authorisation should be immediate or should otherwise be expedited.

(7) The Minister or Ministers by whom an authorisation has been granted under section six or section seven of this Act may at any time revoke the authorisation, or may vary it—

(a) where the authorisation has effect without limitations or conditions, by attaching limitations or conditions thereto;

(b) where the authorisation has effect subject to limitations or conditions, by revoking or varying any of those limitations or conditions or by attaching further limitations or conditions thereto.

(8) On revoking or varying an authorisation granted under section six or section seven of this Act, the Minister or Ministers concerned shall give notice thereof to the person to whom the authorisation was granted, and, if a copy of the certificate of authorisation was sent to a public or local authority in accordance with paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of this section, shall send a copy of the notice to that authority.

9.—(1) For the purposes of the operation on or after the Provisions as appointed day of any statutory provision to which this subsection t® functions applies, and for the purposes of the exercise or performance on tocsd or after that day of any power or duty conferred or imposed by, authorities, or for the enforcement of, any such statutory provision, no account shall be taken of any radioactivity possessed by any substance or article or by any part of any premises.

(2) The preceding subsection applies—

(a) to any statutory provision contained in, or for the time

being having effect by virtue of, any of the enactments specified in the First Schedule to this Act, or any enactment for the time being in force whereby an enactment so specified is amended, extended or superseded; and

(b) to any statutory provision contained in, or for the time

being having effect by virtue of, a local enactment whether passed or made before or after the passing of this Act (in whatever terms the provision is expressed) in so far as—

M*

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

362

(i) the disposal or accumulation of waste or any description of waste, or of any substance which is a nuisance, or so as to be a nuisance, or of any substance which is, or so as to be, prejudicial to health, noxious, polluting or of any similar description, is thereby prohibited or restricted, or

(ii) a power or duty is thereby conferred or imposed on any local authority, river board, local fisheries committee, statutory water undertakers or other public or local authority, or on any officer of a public or local authority, to take any action (whether by way of legal proceedings or otherwise) for preventing. restricting or abating such disposals or accumulations as are mentioned in the preceding sub-paragraph.

(3) If, in considering an application for an authorisation under section six of this Act, it appears to the Minister (or, in a case where the power to grant the authorisation is exercisable by the Minister and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, it appears to either of those Ministers) that the disposal of radioactive waste to which the application relates is likely to involve die need for special precautions to be taken by a local authority, river board, local fisheries committee, statutory water undertakers or other public or local authority, the Minister or the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, as the case may be, shall consult with that public or local authority before granting the authorisation.

(4) Where a public or local authority take any special precautions in respect of radioactive waste disposed of in accordance with an authorisation granted under section six of this Act, and those precautions are taken—

(a) in compliance with the conditions subject to which the authorisation was granted, or

(b) with the prior approval of the Minister (or, where the authorisation was granted by the Minister and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, with the prior approval of either of those Ministers) as being precautions which in the circumstances ought to be taken by that public or local authority, the public or local authority shall have power to make such charges, in respect of the taking of those precautions, as may be agreed between that authority and the person to whom the authorisation was granted, or as, in default of such agreement, may be determined by the Minister, and to recover the charges so agreed or determined from that person.

(5) Where an authorisation granted under section six of this Act requires or permits radioactive waste to be removed to a

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

363

place provided by a local authority as a place for the deposit of refuse, it shall be the duty of that local authority to accept any radioactive waste removed to that place in accordance with the authorisation, and, if the authorisation contains any provision as to the manner in which the radioactive waste is to be dealt with after its removal to that place, to deal with it in the manner indicated in the authorisation.

(6) In this section " statutory provision " means a provision, whether of a general or a special nature, contained in, or in any document made or issued under, any Act, whether of a general or a special nature, " local enactment " means a local or private Act, or an order confirmed by Parliament or brought into operation in accordance with special parliamentary procedure, and any reference to disposal, in relation to a statutory provision, is a reference to discharging or depositing a substance or allowing a substance to escape or to enter a stream or other place, as may be mentioned in that provision.

10.—(1) If it appears to the Minister that adequate facilities Additional are not available for the safe disposal or accumulation of facilities and radioactive waste, the Minister may provide such facilities, ordStcNMalaLd may arrange for the provision thereof by such persons as the a^mulation Minister may think fit of radioactive

(2) Where, in the exercise of the power conferred by the*88*®-preceding subsection, the Minister proposes to provide, or to arrange for the provision of, a place for the disposal or accumulation of radioactive waste, the Minister, before carrying out that proposal, shall consult with any local authority in whose area that place would be situated, and with such other public

or local authorities (if any) as appear to him to be proper to be consulted by him.

(3) The Minister may make reasonable charges for the use of any facilities provided by him, or in accordance with arrangements made by him, under this section, or, in the case of facilities provided otherwise than by the Minister, may direct that reasonable charges for the use of the facilities may be made by the person providing them in accordance with any such arrangements.

(4) If there is radioactive waste on any premises, and the Minister is satisfied that—

(a) the waste ought to be disposed of, but

(b) by reason that the premises are unoccupied, or that the

occupier is absent, or is insolvent, or for any other reason, it is unlikely that the waste will be lawfully disposed of unless die Minister exercises his powers under this subsection,

the Minister shall have power to dispose of that radioactive waste as the Minister may think fit, and to recover from the occupier

M* 2

364

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Ac, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

of the premises, or, if the premises are unoccupied, from the owner thereof, any expenses reasonably incurred by the Minister in disposing of it.

(5) The definition of "owner " in section three hundred and forty-three of the Public Health Act, 1936, and the provisions of section two hundred and ninety-four of that Act (which limits the liability of owners who are only agents or trustees), shall apply for the purposes of this section, with the substitution in the said section two hundred and ninety-four of references to the Minister for references to a council, and (in the application of this Act to London) shall so apply as if that Act extended to London.

11*—(1) Before the Minister—

(a) refuses an application for registration under section one or section three of this Act, or attaches any limitations or conditions to such a registration, or

(b) varies such a registration, otherwise than by revoking a limitation or condition subject to which it has effect, or

(c) refuses an application for an authorisation under section six or section seven of this Act, or attaches any limitations or conditions to such an authorisation, or

() varies such an authorisation, otherwise than by revoking a limitation or condition subject to which it has effect,

the Minister shall afford to the person directly concerned, and may afford to such local authorities or other persons as he may consider appropriate, an opportunity to appear before, and be heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister.

(2) In relation to authorisations under section six of this Act, in so far as die power to grant, revoke or vary any such authorisation is exercisable by the Minister and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, references in the preceding subsection to the Minister shall be construed as references to those Ministers.

(3) At all times while—

(a) a person is registered in respect of any premises under section one of this Act, or

(b) an authorisation granted in respect of any premises under subsection (1) of section six of this Act, or under section seven of this Act, is for the time being in force,

the person to whom the registration relates, or to whom the authorisation was granted, as the case may be, shall cause copies of the certificate of registration or authorisation issued to him under this Act to be kept posted on the premises, in such characters and in such positions as to be conveniently read by persons having duties on those premises which are or may be affected by the matters set out in the certificate.

Procedure in connection with registrations and authorisations.

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

(4) In this section " the person directly concerned ", in relation to a registration under section one or section three of this Act, means the person applying for the registration, or the person to whom the registration relates, as the case may be, and, in relation to an authorisation under section six or section seven of this Act, means the person applying for the authorisation or the person to whom the authorisation was granted, as the case may be; and any reference to attaching limitations or conditions to a registration or authorisation is a reference to attaching limitations or conditions thereto either in effecting or granting the registration or authorisation, as the case may be, or in the exercise of any power to vary the registration or authorisation.

12.—(1) The Minister may appoint as inspectors, to assist him Rights of in the execution of this Act, such number of persons appearing to him to be qualified for the purpose as he may from time to inspectM>IL time consider necessary or expedient, and may make to or in respect of any person so appointed such payments, by way of remuneration, allowances or otherwise, as die Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

(2) Any person being either an inspector appointed under the preceding subsection or a person authorised in that behalf by the Minister (in this section referred to as an " inspector ") may, for the purposes of the execution of this Act,—

(a) enter, at any reasonable time, upon any premises to

which this subsection applies, with such equipment as the inspector may require;

(b) carry out such tests and inspections on any such pre-

mises, and obtain and take away such samples of waste therefrom, as the inspector may consider necessary or expedient; and

(c) require the occupier of any such premises, or any person

with duties on or in connection with the premises, to provide the inspector with such information relating to the use of the premises, or to permit him to inspect such documents relating thereto, as the inspector may specify.

(3) The last preceding subsection applies—

(a) to any premises in respect of which a person is for the

time being registered under section one of this Act;

(b) to any premises in respect of which a person is exempted from such registration by subsection (1) or subsection

(2) of section two of this Act; and

(c) to any premises in respect of which an authorisation

granted under subsection (1) of section six of this Act, or under section seven of this Act, is for the time being in force:

366

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960 8 & 9 2

Provided that, in relation to premises belonging to or used for the purposes of the Authority, the last preceding subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of section six of the Atomic Energy Authority Act, 1954 (which restricts entry to such premises where they have been declared to be prohibited places for the purposes of the Official Secrets Act, 1911).

(4) Where an inspector has reasonable grounds for believing that radioactive material has been or is being kept or used on any premises to which subsection (2) of this section does not apply, or that radioactive waste has been or is being disposed of or accumulated on or from any such premises, the inspector may exercise, in relation to those premises, any of the powers which are conferred by subsection (2) of this section in relation to premises to which the said subsection (2) applies:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of subsection (6) of this section.

(5) Subject to the next following subsection, any person authorised in that behalf by the Minister may at any reasonable time enter upon any premises for the purpose of disposing of radioactive waste in the exercise of the powers conferred by subsection (4) of section ten of this Act.

(6) No power shall be exercisable by virtue of subsection (4) or subsection (5) of this section in respect of any premises except—

(a) with consent given by or on behalf of the occupier of

the premises, or

(b) under the authority of a warrant granted under the

provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act, or

(c) where entry is required in a case of emergency.

(7) For the purposes of the execution of this Act in relation to any such premises as are mentioned in subsection (1) of section eight of this Act,—

(a) the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food may

appoint as inspectors such number of persons appearing to him to be qualified for the purpose as he may from time to time consider necessary or expedient, and may make to or in respect of any person so appointed such payments, by way of remuneration, allowances or otherwise, as he may with the approval of the Treasury determine; and

(b) subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of section six

of the Atomic Energy Authority Act, 1954, any person being either an inspector so appointed or a person authorised in that behalf by the Minister of Agriculture,

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

367

Fisheries and Food may for those purposes exercise in relation to any such premises (but not in relation to any other premises) any of the powers conferred by paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (2) of this section, as if references in those paragraphs to an inspector included a reference to a person appointed or authorised as mentioned in this paragraph.

(8) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section.

(9) In this section any reference to a case of emergency is a reference to a case where a person requiring entry to any premises in pursuance of this section has reasonable cause to believe that circumstances exist which are likely to endanger life or health, and that immediate entry to the premises is necessary to verify the existence of those circumstances or to ascertain their cause or to effect a remedy.

13.—(1) Any person who— Offence*.

(a) contravenes any of the following provisions of this Act,

that is to say, subsection (1) of section one, subsection

(1) of section three, subsections (1), (2) and (3) of section six, and subsection (1) of section seven, or

(b) being a person registered under section one or section

three of this Act, or being (wholly or partly) exempted from registration thereunder, does not comply with a limitation or condition subject to which he is so registered or exempted, or

(c) being a person to whom an authorisation under section

six or section seven of this Act has been granted, does not comply with a limitation or condition subject to which that authorisation has effect, shall be guilty of an offence under this subsection.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under the preceding subsection shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or both;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine, or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding five years, or both.

(3) If any person discloses any information relating to any relevant process or trade secret used in carrying on any particular undertaking which has been given to or obtained by him under this Act or in connection with the execution thereof, he shall, unless the disclosure is made—

(a) with the consent of the person carrying on that undertaking, or

368

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Ac, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(6) in accordance with any general or special directions given by the Minister, or

(c) in connection with the execution of this Act, or

() for the purposes of any legal proceedings arising out of this Act or of any report of any such proceedings,

be guilty of an offence under this subsection.

In this subsection "relevant process" means any process applied for the purposes of, or in connection with, the production or use of radioactive material.

(4) A person guilty of an offence under the last preceding subsection shall be liable-

la) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or both;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or both.

(5) Any person who—

(a) contravenes the provisions of subsection (3) of section

eleven of this Act, or

(b) obstructs an inspector or other person in the exercise

of any powers conferred by the last preceding section, or refuses or without reasonable excuse fails to provide any information or to permit any inspection reasonably required by an inspector or other person under that section,

shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or both.

(6) Any person who without reasonable cause pulls down, injures or defaces any document posted in pursuance of subsection (3) of section eleven of this Act shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(7) Proceedings in respect of any offence under this Act shall not be instituted in England or Wales except by the Minister or by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions.

(8) Where a body corporate is guilty of an offence under this section, and that offence is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence, and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

369

In this subsection " director ", in relation to a body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of that body corporate.

14.—(1) In relation to any hospital in Great Britain which Application is a hospital with respect to the management and control whereof of Act to any functions are exercised by a Hospital Management Corn-Crown* mi ttee or Board of Management, or is a teaching hospital within the meaning of the National Health Service Act, 1946,—

(a) the Hospital Management Committee or Board of

Management, or (in the case of a teaching hospital) the Board of Governors, shall, notwithstanding that their functions are exercised (directly or indirectly) on behalf of the Minister of Health or of the Secretary of State, be treated for the purposes of sections six and seven of this Act (but not for the purposes of section one thereof) as persons by whom the premises of the hospital are used for the purposes of an undertaking carried on by them, and

(b) no other person shall, for the purposes of any provisions of this Act, be treated as a person by whom the premises of the hospital are so used;

and the provisions of this Act (other than section one thereof) shall have effect in relation to any such premises accordingly.

(2) Subject to the preceding subsection, the provisions of this Act shall not have effect with respect to any premises which are in the occupation of a government department, or, being premises in which there is an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown and forming part of the Crown Estate, are occupied in right of that interest.

(3) Where, in the case of any such premises as are mentioned in the last preceding subsection,—

(a) arrangements are made whereby radioactive waste is

not to be disposed of from those premises except with the approval of the Minister, and

(b) in pursuance of those arrangements the Minister proposes to approve, or approves, the removal of radioactive waste from those premises to a place provided by a local authority as a place for the deposit of refuse,

the provisions of subsections (3) to (5) of section nine of this Act shall apply as if the proposal to approve the removal of the waste were an application for an authorisation under section six of this Act to remove it, or (as the case may be) the approval were such an authorisation.

370

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Regulations and orders.

Financial

provisions.

(4) Section three of this Act shall not apply to anything done by or on behalf of the Crown.

(5) Subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall apply in relation to any premises occupied by or for the purposes of a visiting force (that is to say, any such body, contingent or detachment of the forces of any country as is a visiting force for the purposes of any of the provisions of the Visiting Forces Act, 1952) as if those premises were in the occupation of the government department by arrangement with whom the premises are so occupied.

(6) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, the provisions of this Act shall have effect in relation to any premises in which there is an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or to the Duchy of Cornwall, or belonging to a government department, or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department, as they apply in relation to premises in which there is no such interest.

15. —(1) The Minister may make regulations under this Act for any purpose for which regulations are authorised or required to be made under this Act.

(2) For the purpose of facilitating the exercise of any power under this Act to effect registrations, or grant authorisations, subject to limitations or conditions, the Minister may make regulations setting out general limitations or conditions applicable to such classes of cases as may be specified in the regulations; and any limitations or conditions so specified shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be attached to any registration or authorisation falling within the class of cases to which those limitations or conditions are expressed to be applicable, subject to such exceptions or modifications (if any) as may be specified in any such registration or authorisation.

(3) Any power conferred by this Act to make an order shall include power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent order.

(4) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations or orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(5) Any statutory instrument containing regulations or an order made under this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

16. —(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any expenses incurred by the Minister or the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in consequence of the passing of this Act;

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

371

(6) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under any other enactment.

(2) Any receipts of the Minister under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

17. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, subsection

(4) of section five of the Atomic Energy Authority Act, 1954 (which makes temporary provision as to the discharge of waste on or from premises occupied by the Authority), and subsection

(5) of section one of the Nuclear Installations (Licensing and Insurance) Act, 1959 (which extends the said subsection (4) to sites in respect of which nuclear site licenses have been granted), are hereby repealed as from the appointed day.

(2) Any authorisation granted under the enactments mentioned in the preceding subsection which is in force immediately before the appointed day shall continue in force on and after that day (notwithstanding the repeal of those enactments, and notwithstanding the expiry of the period for which, apart from this Act, those enactments would have had effect) but shall have effect on and after that day as if it were an authorisation granted under subsection (1) of section six of this Act, and may be revoked or varied accordingly.

(3) In subsection (6) of section one of the Nuclear Installations (Licensing and Insurance) Act, 1959 (which requires copies of certain conditions and requirements to be kept posted on the premises), paragraph (b)(which relates to conditions or requirements attached to an authorisation granted under the enactments repealed by subsection (1) of this section) is hereby repealed as from the appointed day.

18. —(1) In this Act "radioactive material" means anything which, not being waste, is either a substance to which this subsection applies or an article made wholly or partly from, or incorporating, such a substance.

(2) The preceding subsection applies to any substance falling within either or both of the following descriptions, that is to say,—

(a) a substance containing an element specified in the first column of the Third Schedule to this Act, in such a proportion that the number of microcuries of that element contained in the substance, divided by the number of grammes which the substance weighs, is a number greater than that specified in relation to that element in the appropriate column of that Schedule;

(b) a substance possessing radioactivity which is wholly or partly attributable to a process of nuclear fission or

Repeals and

transitional

provisions.

Meaning of " radioactive material*,

" radioactive waste * and " mobile radioactive apparatus*'.

372

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

other process of subjecting a substance to bombardment by neutrons or to ionising radiations, not being a process occurring in the course of nature, or in consequence of the disposal of radioactive waste, or by way of contamination in the course of the application of a process to some other substance.

(3) In paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection " the appropriate column "—

(a) in relation to a solid substance, means the second

column;

(b) in relation to a liquid substance, means the third

column; and

(c) in relation to a substance which is a gas or vapour,

means the fourth column.

(4) In this Act44 radioactive waste " means waste which consists wholly or partly of—

(a) a substance or article which, if it were not waste, would be radioactive material, or

(b) a substance or article which has been contaminated in the course of the production, keeping or use of radioactive material, or by contact with or proximity to other waste falling within the preceding paragraph or this paragraph.

(5) In this Act "mobile radioactive apparatus" means any apparatus, equipment or appliance which is radioactive material and is constructed or adapted for being transported from place to place.

(6) The Minister may by order vary the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act, either by adding further entries to any column of that Schedule or by altering or deleting any entry for the time being contained in any column thereof; and, in relation to any time after those provisions have been so varied, any reference in subsection (2) of this section to that Schedule shall be construed as a reference to that Schedule as it has effect for the time being.

General

interpretation

provisions.

19.—(1) In this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

44 the appointed day " means such day as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint;

44 article " includes a part of an article;

"the Authority" means the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority;

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

373

"disposal", in relation to waste, includes the removal, deposit or destruction thereof, the discharge thereof, whether into water or into the air or into a sewer or drain or otherwise, or the burial thereof, whether underground or otherwise, and " dispose of " shall be construed accordingly;

" local authority " (except where the reference is to a public or local authority) means the council of a county, county borough, metropolitan borough or county district, or the Common Council of the City erf London;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Housing and Local Government;

" nuclear site licence ", " licensee " and " period of responsibility" have the same meanings as in the Nuclear Installations (Licensing and Insurance) Act, 1959;

" premises " includes any land, whether covered by buildings or not, including any place underground and any land covered by water;

"prescribed" means prescribed by regulations under this Act;

" statutory water undertakers " has the same meaning as in the provisions of the Water Act, 1945, other than Part II of that Act;

"substance" means any natural or artificial substance, whether in solid or liquid form or in the form of a gas or vapour;

"undertaking" includes any trade, business or profession, and, in relation to a public or local authority, includes any of the powers or duties of that authority, and, in relation to any other body of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate, includes any of the activities of that body;

"waste" includes any substance which constitutes scrap material or an effluent or other unwanted surplus substance arising from the application of any process, and also includes any substance or article which requires to be disposed of as being broken, worn out, contaminated or otherwise spoilt.

(2) In determining, for the purposes of this Act, whether any radioactive material is kept or used on any premises, no account shall be taken of any radioactive material kept or used in or on any railway vehicle, road vehicle, vessel or aircraft if either—

(a) the vehicle, vessel or aircraft is on those premises in the course of a journey, or

374

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Ac, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(b) in the case of a vessel which is on those premises otherwise than in the course of a journey, the material is used in propelling the vessel or is kept in or on the vessel for use in propelling it.

(3) Any substance or article which, in the course of the carrying on of any undertaking, is discharged, discarded or otherwise dealt with as if it were waste shall, for the purposes of this Act, be presumed to be waste unless the contrary is proved.

(4) Any reference in this Act to the contamination of a substance or article is a reference to its being so affected by either or both of the following, that is to say,—

(a) absorption, admixture or adhesion of radioactive material

or radioactive waste, and

(6) the emission of neutrons or ionising radiations, as to become radioactive or to possess increased radioactivity.

(5) Subject to the provisions of sections nine and seventeen of this Act, and of section thirty-three of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to offences under two or more laws), nothing in this Act shall be construed as—

(u) conferring a right of action in any civil proceedings (other than proceedings for the recovery of a fine) in respect of any contravention of this Act, or

(b) affecting any restriction imposed by or under any other

enactment, whether contained in a public general Act or in a local or private Act, or

(c) derogating from any right of action or other remedy

(whether civil or criminal) in proceedings instituted otherwise than under this Act.

(6) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment.

Application 20. This Act shall in its application to Scotland have effect to Scotland, subject to the following modifications: —

ia) for any reference to the Minister there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State;

(b) any reference to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries

and Food shall be omitted, and anything required to be done in England by both the Minister and that Minister shall be done in Scotland by the Secretary of State;

(c) "local authority" (except where the reference is to a

public or local authority) means a county or town

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

375

council, and for references to river boards, local fisheries committees and statutory water undertakers there shall be substituted respectively references to river purification authorities within the meaning of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland) Act, 1951, fishery district boards within the meaning of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946, and local water authorities within the meaning of that Act;

(d) for any reference to a justice of the peace there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff;

(e) in subsection (5) of section ten for references to section three hundred and forty-three of the Public Health Act, 1936, to section two hundred and ninety-four of that Act, to the Minister and to a council there shall be substituted respectively references to section three of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, to section fourteen of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954, to the Secretary of State and to a local authority.

21.—(1) This Act shall extend to Northern Ireland subject to the provisions of this section.

(2) In its application to Northern Ireland, this Act shall have effect subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) except in section sixteen of this Act, any reference to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Ministry of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland, any reference to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food shall be construed as a reference to the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland, and any reference to the Treasury shall be construed as a reference to the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland;

(b) any provision of this Act requiring regulations or orders

to be made by statutory instrument shall be construed as a provision that those regulations or orders shall be statutory rules within the meaning of the Statutory Rules Act (Northern Ireland) 1958;

(c) any provision of this Act whereby a statutory instru-

ment containing regulations or an order is to be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament shall be construed as a provision that those regulations or that order shall be subject to negative resolution within the meaning of subsection (6) of section forty-one of the Interpretation Act, (Northern Ireland), 1954;

() any reference to an enactment of the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as it applies in Northern Ireland;

Northern

Ireland.

376

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Short title.

(e) any reference to a government department shall be construed as including a reference to a department of the Government of Northern Ireland;

(/) "local authority" (except where the reference is to a public or local authority) means the council of a county or county borough or an urban or rural district;

(g) any reference to a river board or a local fisheries com-

mittee shall be construed as a reference to a board of conservators for a fishery district constituted under the Fisheries Acts (Northern Ireland), 1842 to 1954;

(h) any reference to statutory water undertakers shall be

construed as a reference to a statutory water undertaking within the meaning of the Water Supplies and Sewerage Act (Northern Ireland), 1945;

(i) in section nine of this Act "enactment" includes an

enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, " statutory provision " (notwithstanding anything in subsection (6) thereof) shall have the meaning assigned to it by paragraph (/) of section one of the Interpretation Act (Northern Ireland) 1954, and in the definition of "local enactment " therein the reference to a local or private Act includes a reference to a local or private Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, and the reference to an order confirmed by Parliament includes a reference to an order confirmed by that Parliament;

(j) in subsection (5) of section ten of this Act the references

to London shall be construed as references to Northern Ireland.

(3) Proceedings in respect of any offence under this Act shall not be instituted in Northern Ireland except by the Minister of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland or by or with the consent of the Attorney General for Northern Ireland.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall authorise any department of the Government of Northern Ireland to incur any expenses attributable to the provisions of this Act until provision has been made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland for those expenses to be defrayed out of moneys provided by that Parliament

(5) For the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, this Act shall be deemed to have been passed before the day which is the appointed day within the meaning of that section.

22. This Act may be cited as the Radioactive Substances Act 1960.

1960

Radioactive Substances , 1960

Ch. 34

377

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Enactments, other than Local Enactments, to which s. 9 (1) APPLIES

Part I England and Wales

1. Section two of the Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888.

2. Sections eight and fifty-nine of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923.

3. The following provisions of the Public Health Act, 1936, that is to say, sections twenty-seven, thirty-nine, forty-eight, seventy-nine, eighty-one, eighty-two and ninety-two, subsection (2) of section one hundred and eight, and sections one hundred and forty-one, two hundred and fifty-nine and two hundred and sixty-one.

4. The following provisions of the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, that is to say, sections thirty-four, forty, forty-eight, forty-nine, eighty-two to eighty-four, ninety-three, one hundred and two, one hundred and twenty-eight and one hundred and thirty-seven.

5. The Public Health (Drainage of Trade Premises) Act, 1937.

6. Sections seventeen, eighteen and twenty-one of the Water Act, 1945.

7. Sections two, five and seven of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act, 1951.

8. Sections ten and sixteen of the Clean Air Act, 1956.

Part II

Scotland

9. Section thirteen of the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862.

10. Section seven of the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876.

11. The following provisions of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, that is to say, sections one hundred and nine, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and twenty-seven, two hundred and twenty-two, two hundred and twenty-three and two hundred and thirty-three.

12. Sections eight and seventeen of the Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895.

13. The following provisions of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, that is to say, sections sixteen, seventeen, thirty-two, forty-one, forty-two, one hundred and sixteen and one hundred and twenty.

Section 9

378

Ch. 34

Radioactive Substances Ac, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

Section 12.

14. Sections sixty, sixty-one and sixty-four of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946.

15. Sections twenty-two, twenty-five and twenty-eight of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland) Act, 1951.

16. Sections ten and sixteen of the Clean Air Act, 1956.

Part III

Northern Ireland

17. Sections eighty and ninety-one of the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842.

18. Section seventeen of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1863.

19. Section ten of the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869.

20. Sections two to five and section seven of the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876.

21. The following provisions of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, that is to say, sections fifty, fifty-one, fifty-four, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, one hundred and seven, one hundred and twenty-nine and one hundred and thirty.

22. Sections seventeen and twenty-six of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890.

23. Subsection (2) of section five of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896.

24. Sections thirty-five, forty-six, forty-nine and fifty-one of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907.

25. Section eleven of the Water Supplies and Sewerage Act (Northern Ireland), 1945.

26. Any enactment which may be passed by the Parliament of Northern Ireland for purposes similar to those of section ten or section sixteen of the Clean Air Act, 1956.

SECOND SCHEDULE Exercise of Rights of Entry and Inspection

1. A person entering upon any premises in the exercise of any power conferred by this Act shall, if so required, produce written evidence of his authority before entering thereon.

2. Where it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace, on sworn information in writing, that admission to premises specified in the information is reasonably required by a person for the purpose of exercising a power conferred by this Act in respect thereof, the.justice, subject to the next following paragraph, may by warrant under his hand authorise that person to enter upon the premises.

3. A justice of the peace shall not grant a warrant under the last preceding paragraph in respect of any premises unless he is satisfied—

(a) that admission to the premises, for the purpose of exercising the power in question, was sought after not less than seven days’ notice of the intended entry had been given to the occupier; or

1960

Radioactive Substances Act91960

Ch. 34

379

(b) that admission to the premises for that purpose was sought 2nd Sgh. in a case of emergency and was refused by or on behalf of the occupier; or

(c) that the premises are unoccupied; or

() that an application for admission to the premises would defeat the object of the entry:

Provided that, in relation to premises to which subsection (2) of section twelve of this Act applies, the reference in sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph to seven days shall be construed as a reference to twenty-four hours.

4. Every warrant granted under this Schedule shall continue in force until the purpose for which the entry is required has been satisfied.

5. Any person who, in the exercise of a power conferred by this Act, enters any premises which are unoccupied, or premises of which the occupier is temporarily absent, shall leave the premises as effectually secured against trespassers as he found them.

6. Before a person carries out any test on any premises, in the exercise of any power conferred by this Act, he shall consult with such persons having duties on the premises as may appear to him appropriate in order to secure that the carrying out of the test does not create any danger.

7. Any power of entry conferred by this Act shall, if exercised under the authority of a warrant granted under this Schedule, or in a case of emergency, but not in any other case, include power to enter, if need be, by force.

8. Any power of entry, or of carrying out tests or inspections, or of obtaining or taking away samples, conferred on any person by this Act may 'be exercised by him either alone or together with any other persons.

9. In this Schedule any reference to a case of emergency shall . be construed in accordance with subsection (9) of section twelve of this Act

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 18.

Specified elements

Element Microcuries per gramme

1. Actinium Solid 1x10-* Liquid 2x10-* Gas or vapour 7xl0"u

2. Lead 2x10-* lxlO-7 3x10-*

3. Polonium 1x10-* 7xl0-7 6x10-*

4. Protoactinium 1x10-* 9x 10*7 3xl0"n

5. Radium 1x10-* 1x10-* 1x10-*

6 Radon — 1x10"*

7. Thorium 7x10-* 1x10-* 6xl0"l#

8. Uranium 3xl0-4 2x10-* 2x10-*

GO'

380

Ch. 34, 35 Radioactive Substances , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842

Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847

Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862

Waterworks Clauses Act, 1863

Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869

Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878

Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888

Interpretation Act, 1889

Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890 ...

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897

Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907 ...

Official Secrets Act, 1911

Government of Ireland Act, 1920

Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923...

Public Health Act, 1936

Public Health (London) Act, 1936

Public Health (Drainage of Trade Premises)

Act, 1937

Water Act, 1945

Water (Scotland) Act, 1946

National Health Service Act, 1946

Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act, 1951 ... Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland)

Act, 1951

Visiting Forces Act, 1952

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 17.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 93.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 92.

39 & 40 Vict c. 75.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 54.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

53 & 54 Vict c. 59.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55.

58 & 59 Vict c. 42.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 54.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

7 Edw. 7. c. 53.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 28.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 16.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.C.49. 26 Geo. 5.&1 Edw. 8. c. 50.

1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 40.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 42.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 42.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 64.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 66.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2.

c. 67.

Atomic Energy Authority Act, 1954 Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act,

1954

Clean Air Act, 1956

Nuclear Installations (Licensing and Insurance) Act, 1959

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 32.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 50. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 52.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 46.

CHAPTER 35

An Act to enable effect to be given to an international agreement for the establishment and operation of an International Development Association, and for purposes connected therewith.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1960

International Development

Association , 1960

Ql 35

381

1. In this Act " the Agreement " means any agreement which The may be signed and accepted on behalf of Her Majesty's Govern* Agreement meat in the United Kingdom in pursuance of Articles approved on the twenty-sixth day of January, nineteen hundred and sixty,Association by the executive directors of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and providing for the establishment and operation of an international body to be called the International Development Association (copies of which Articles, and of a report thereon of the said directors, were laid before Parliament by command of Her Majesty on the ninth day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty); and " the Association " means the International Development Association established by the Agreement

1—(1) There shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the Financial United Kingdom all sums required for the purpose of making provisions, payments on behalf of Her Majesty’s said Government under the following provisions of the Agreement, that is to say—

(a) paragraphs (a) to () of section 2 of Article II (which relate to the initial subscription of members);

(b) paragraph (a) of section 2 of Article IV (which relates to falls in the par or foreign exchange value of currencies of members).

(2) The Treasury may, for the purpose of providing any sums to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund under subsection (1) of this section or any part of such sums, or of providing for the replacement of sums so paid, raise money in any manner in

which they are authorised to raise money under the National 2 & 3 Geo 6 Loans Act, 1939; and any securities created and issued for thatc. 117. purpose shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under that Act.

(3) Any sums received by Her Majesty’s said Government from the Association in pursuance of the Agreement shall be paid into the Exchequer; and the sums so paid into the Exchequer shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund at such times as the Treasury may direct, and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows, that is to say—

(a) so much of those sums as represents principal shall be applied in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit;

(b) so much of those sums as represents interest shall be applied towards meeting such part of the annual charges for the National Debt as represents interest.

Ch. 35

International Development 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Association , 1960

(4) Without prejudice to the powers conferred by section one of the National Loans Act, 1939, the Treasury may, if they think fit so to do, create and issue to the Association, in such form as they think fit, any such non-interest-bearing and non-negotiable notes or other obligations as are provided for by paragraph (e) of section 2 of Article II of the Agreement, and the sums payable under any such notes or other obligations shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

3. —(1) Without prejudice to the powers conferred by section one of the International Organisations (Immunities and Privileges) Act, 1950, Her Majesty may by Order in Council make such provisions as She may consider reasonably necessary for carrying into effect any of the provisions of the Agreement relating to the status, immunities and privileges of the Association and its governors, directors, alternates, officers and employees.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may be made so as to extend to any part of Her Majesty’s dominions (other than Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the Union of South Africa, Ceylon and Ghana, and any territory administered by the Government of any of those countries) and, to the extent that Her Majesty has jurisdiction therein, to any other territory for whose foreign relations Her Government in the United Kingdom is responsible:

Provided that if, whether before or after the passing of this Act, effect is given by or under the law of any such part of Her Majesty’s dominions or other territory to the said provisions of the Agreement, no Order in Council made under this section shall extend to that part of Her Majesty’s dominions or other territory in respect of any period for which effect is so given to the said provisions.

(3) Any Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

(4) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty in Council to make an Order under this section unless a draft of Uie Order has been laid before Parliament and approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

4. This Act may be cited as the International Development Association Act, 1960.

1960 Game Laws ( Amendment) Ch. 36 383

Act, 1960

CHAPTER 36

Game Laws (Amendment) , 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Power of police in respect of persons trespassing in pursuit of game.

2. Power of police to enter on land.

3. Amendment of Poaching Prevention Act, 1862.

4. Further provisions as to seizure and forfeiture.

5. Increase of certain penalties.

6. Short title, interpretation, extent and commencement.

An Act to make better provision for the prevention of poaching.

[2nd June, I960]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) A police constable may arrest a person found on any power of land committing an offence under section one or section nine of police in the Night Poaching Act, 1828 (which sections relate to persons respect of trespassing in pursuit of game by night). amassing

(2) The powers exercisable under section thirty-one of the Game pursuit of Act, 1831 (which provides that occupiers of land and certain other game-persons may require any person found in pursuit of game in the daytime to quit the land and give his name and address and, if

he fails to do so, may apprehend him), shall also be exercisable by a police constable, and accordingly, in that section, after the words " any person authorised by either of them " there shall be added the words " or for any police constable

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall be without prejudice to the general power of arrest conferred in respect of indictable offences committed in the night by section eleven of the Prevention of Offences Act, 1851.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this Power of section, a police constable who has reasonable grounds for pohceto suspecting that a person is committing an offence on any land on under section one or section nine of the Night Poaching Act,

1828, or under section thirty or section thirty-three of the Game Act, 1831 (which relate to persons trespassing in pursuit of game in the daytime), may enter on the land for the purpose of exercising any power conferred on him by the foregoing section.

384

Ch. 36

Game Laws (Amendment)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Amendment of Poaching Prevention Act, 1862.

(2) In this section, as well as in the foregoing section, the word "land " includes land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster or in Her private capacity, and land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, and land belonging to a Government department or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a Government department, and, subject to subsection (3) of this section, this section shall be binding on the Crown.

(3) The power of entry conferred by subsection (1) of this section shall not be exercisable in relation to land occupied by or under the management of—

(a) the Admiralty, the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for Air, or

(b) the Minister of Aviation, or

(c) the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.

3.—(1) The Poaching Prevention Act, 1862, shall be amended as follows.

(2) In section two of the said Act (which empowers police constables to search persons suspected of poaching and to seize game, guns and other articles, and provides for their forfeiture) the words " or nets or eDgines used for the killing or taking game " shall cease to have effect but that section shall apply—

(a) in relation to cartridges and other ammunition, and

(b) in relation to nets, traps, snares and other devices of a kind used for the killing or taking of game,

as it applies in relation to any gun or part of a gun; and in section one of the said Act (which relates, amongst other things, to jurisdiction in respect of offences under the said section two) for the words " net, snare, or engine after mentioned " there shall be substituted the words " or other article to which section two of this Act applies ".

(3) Where a person is convicted under the said section two the court convicting him may, if it thinks fit, direct that any game, gun or other article duly seized under that section which was in his possession or which was being carried by him in any cart or other conveyance shall (whether or not the offence of which he was convicted concerned that game, gun or other article) be forfeited; and in the said section the words from " and shall forfeit such game " to the end of the section shall cease to have effect.

(4) A person who, by the written direction of a justice of the peace, sells any game seized under the said section two shall not be liable to any penalty for the sale; and if no conviction takes place under that section, the game or other thing seized, or the value thereof, shall be restored to the person from whom it was seized.

(5) In this section the word "game " has the same meaning as in the Poaching Prevention Act, 1862.

1960

Game Laws (Amendment)

Act, 1960

Ch. 36

385

4. —(1) Where a person is apprehended under section one of Further this Act, or under section two of the Night Poaching Act, 1828, provisions as or under section thirty-one of the Game Act, 1831, a police [°811(1 constable by or in whose presence he was apprehended may ° 01 search him and may seize and detain any game or rabbits, or

any gun, part of a gun or cartridges or other ammunition, or any nets, traps, snares or other devices of a kind used for the killing or taking of game or rabbits, which are found in his possession.

(2) Where the person so apprehended is convicted of an offence under either of the said Acts the court by or before whom he is convicted may, if it thinks fit, direct that any game or rabbit, or any gun or other article, duly seized under this section which was in his possession shall (whether or not the offence of which he was convicted concerned that game, rabbit, gun or other article) be forfeited.

(3) The provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to any other power which a police constable has to search a person whom he has arrested, and to detain things found in his possession, and shall also be without prejudice to the provisions of section thirty-six of the Game Act, 1831 (which authorises gamekeepers and others to take game found in the possession of trespassers).

(4) Subsection (4) of the last foregoing section shall apply in relation to things seized under this section.

(5) For the purposes of this section the word "game " shall be deemed to include hares, pheasants, partridges, grouse, heath or moor game, black game, bustards, woodcocks and snipes.

5. —(1) In section thirty of the Game Act, 1831 (which provides Increase of that a person who trespasses on any land in the daytime in search certajI?

of game shall be liable to a fine not exceeding two pounds or, if penattws. he is one of five or more persons so trespassing, five pounds), for the words " two pounds " there shall be substituted the words " twenty pounds ", and for the words " five pounds " there shall be substituted the words " fifty pounds ".

(2) In section thirty-three of the said Act (which provides for a fine not exceeding two pounds in the case of a person who, in search of game, trespasses in the daytime in any forest, park, chase or warren belonging to Her Majesty) for the words " two pounds " there shall be substituted the words " twenty pounds "

(3) In section two of the Poaching Prevention Act, 1862, for the words " five pounds " there shall be substituted the words " fifty pounds ".

(4) This section shall not apply in relation to any offence committed before the commencement of this Act.

N

386 Ch. 36 • Game Laws (Amendment) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

, 1960

Short title, interpretation, extent and commencement

6.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Game Laws (Amendment) Act, 1960.

(2) References in this Act to the Night Poaching Act, 1828, are to that Act as extended by the Night Poaching Act, 1844 (which concerns poaching on public rights of way).

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or NorthemJIreland.

(4) This Act shall come into force on the expiration of a period of two months beginning with the day on which it is passed.

eoo

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Night Poaching Act, 1828 9 Geo. 4. c. 69.

Game Act, 1831 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32.

Night Poaching Act, 1844 7 & 8 Vict. c. 29.

Prevention of Offences Act, 1851 14 & 15 Vict. c. 19.

Poaching Prevention Act, 1862 25 & 26 Vict. c. 114.

CHAPTER 37

Payment of Wages , 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Request for payment of wages otherwise than in cash.

2. Requirements applicable to payments authorised by s. 1.

3. Cancellation of request or of employer’s agreement.

4. Payment of wages otherwise than in cash in cases of absence.

5. Provisions as to notices and statements.

6. Supplementary provisions.

7. Interpretation.

8. Northern Ireland.

9. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedule:

Pay Statements.

1960

Payment of Wages Act, 1960

Ch. 37

387

An Act to remove certain restrictions imposed by the Truck Acts, 1831 to 1940, and other enactments, with respect to the payment of wages; and for purposes connected therewith.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—<1) If an employed person requests his employer to pay Request for his wages in a way specified in the request, being one of the ways authorised by this Act, and the employer agrees to that°J|^ request, nothing in the enactments mentioned in the next in following subsection shall operate—

(a) so as to render that request, or the employer’s agreement thereto, unlawful, or (b) so as to render unlawful or invalid any payment of wages to which the request applies if, at a time while the request and agreement remain in force, the payment is made in the way specified in the request and the requirements of the next following section are fulfilled in relation thereto.

(2) The said enactments (hereafter in this Act referred to as tt the specified enactments ") are—

(a) sections one and three of the Truck Act, 1831 (which render unlawful and invalid any contract to pay, or payment of, wages to an artificer otherwise Sian in the current coin of the realm);

(b) section one of the Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act,

1874 (which requires all contracts for wages to which that Act applies to make the wages payable in the current coin of the realm), and section three of that Act (which imposes penalties) except in so far as it relates to deductions from wages; and

(c) section twelve of the Stannaries Act, 1887 (which relates to the payment of wages to miners to whom that Act applies).

(3) The following ways of payment are authorised by this Act, that is to say,—

(a) payment into an account at a bank, being an account standing in the name of the person to whom the payment is due, or an account standing in the name of that person jointly with one or more other persons;

(b) payment by postal order;

(c) payment by money order; id) payment by cheque:

Ch. 37

Payment of Wages Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Provided that, in relation to the making of any payment before the appointed day, this subsection shall have effect as if paragraph () thereof were omitted.

(4) Any request made by an employed person as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be made by notice in writing given to his employer.

(5) An employer may signify his agreement to such a request either by notice in writing given to the employed person or by paying the wages in the way specified in the request.

(6) Any such request—

(a) shall cease to have effect if, before the end of the period

of fourteen days beginning with the day on which the notice containing the request is given, the employer gives to the employed person notice in writing that he refuses the request, and

(b) in any other case, shall cease to have effect at the end

of that period unless before the end thereof the employer has signified his agreement to the request as mentioned in the last preceding subsection.

(7) A request under subsection (1) of this section may be made in respect of part of the wages of an employed person; and, in relation to any such request, any reference in this Act to a payment of wages shall be construed as a reference to a payment of such part of the wages as may be specified in the request

2.—(1) A request that any wages may be paid into an account at a bank shall specify the bank and the branch thereof at which the account is kept and the person or persons in whose name or names the account stands; and a payment of wages in accordance with such a request does not fulfil the requirements of this section unless it is made into the account so specified.

(2) A payment of wages by cheque does not fulfil the requirements of this section unless the cheque is made payable to, or to the order of, die person to whom the wages are due. 3 4

(3) A payment of wages in any of the ways authorised by this Act does not fulfil the requirements of this section if, in calculating the payment, any deduction from the gross amount of the wages is made by reason that the payment is made in that way.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a payment of wages (in whichever of the ways authorised by this Act it is made) does not fulfil the requirements of this section unless, at or before the time when the payment is made, a statement

1960

Payment of Wages Act, 1960

Ch. 37

389

in writing, containing the particulars required by the next following subsection, is given to the employed person.

(5) The said particulars are—

(a) the gross amount of the wages in respect of which the

payment is made, clear of all deductions;

(b) the amount of each deduction made from that gross amount in calculating the payment, and the matters in respect of which each such deduction is made;

(c) the net amount payable, being that gross amount less the deductions specified in the statement; and

(d) where the payment is made in pursuance of such a request as is mentioned in subsection (7) of the preceding section, the net amount payable in the way specified in that request and the net amount of the balance payable otherwise than in accordance therewith:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of the Schedule to this Act

(6) Where a statement is given to an employed person which contains an error in, or omission from, the particulars required by the last preceding subsection, but in other respects complies with the requirements of that subsection, the statement shall be treated as complying with those requirements if it is shown that the error or omission was made by way of a clerical mistake, or was otherwise made accidentally and in good faith.

(7) The Minister may by order vary the provisions of the Schedule to this Act to such extent and in such manner as he may determine; and any such order—

ia) may make different provision for different classes of cases, and

(b) may contain such transitional, supplementary and inci-

dental provisions as may appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order.

(8) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and shall include power to vary or revoke any such order by a subsequent order made thereunder; and any statutory instrument containing an order made under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) an employed person who has made such a request as is mentioned in section one of this Act may at any time cancel that request by notice in writing given to his employer;

Cancellation of requestor of employer’s agreement.

390

Ch. 37

Payment of Wages Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(b) an employer who has agreed to such a request may at any time cancel his agreement thereto by notice in writing given to the person who made the request

(2) A notice under this section shall take effect at (but not before) the end of the period of four weeks beginning with the day on which the notice is given.

(3) Without prejudice to the exercise of any power conferred by subsection (1) of this section, where such a request and an employer’s agreement thereto are for the time being in force, the employer and the employed person may at any time, by agreement in writing, cancel that request and agreement as from such date as may be specified in the agreement made under this subsection.

Payment of wages otherwise thfln in cash in cases of absence.

4*—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where, at the time when an employed person’s wages fall to be paid, he is absent from the proper or usual place for the payment thereof, or for the payment of so much thereof as is not covered by a request and agreement under section one of this Act, and no notice excluding him from the operation of this section is in force at that time.

(2) If no part of those wages is covered by a request and agreement under.section one of this Act, and either—

(a) the employed person has duties in connection with his

employment which require him to be absent as mentioned in the preceding subsection, and the employer has reasonable grounds for believing that he is absent in order to carry out those duties, or

(b) the employer has reasonable grounds for believing that the employed person’s absence is on account of his being ill or having sustained a personal injury,

nothing in the specified enactments shall operate so as to render unlawful or invalid any payment of those wages, if they are paid by postal order or money order and, at or before the time when the payment is made, a statement in writing, containing the particulars required by subsection (5) of section two of this Act. is given to the employed person.

(3) If part of the wages in question is covered by a request and agreement under section one of this Act, and the conditions mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection are fulfilled, nothing in the specified enactments shall operate so as to render unlawful or invalid any payment of any part of those wages not covered by such a request and agreement, if it is paid by postal order or money order and, at or before the time when the payment is made, such a statement as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection is given to the employed person.

1960

Payment of Wages Act, 1960

Ch. 37

391

(4) If an employed person, by notice in writing given to his employer, declares that he does not wish to have any of his wages paid to him by postal order or money order, that notice—

(a) shall remain in force until cancelled by the employed

person by a further notice in writing given to his employer, and

(b) while it remains in force, shall have effect for the

purposes of subsection (1) of this section as a notice excluding him from the operation of this section.

(5) For the purposes of this section wages, or part of wages, shall be taken to be covered by a request and agreement under section one of this Act if a request and agreement, as mentioned in that section, are for the time being in force with respect to those wages or that part thereof, as the case may be.

5r—(1) Anything which, in accordance with any of the pre- Provisions as ceding provisions of this Act, may be done by an employed to notices and person by notice in writing given to his employer may be done *tatements. by such a notice given either by the employed person himself or by a person authorised by him to act on his behalf; and anything which, in accordance with subsection (3) of section three of this Act, may be done by agreement in writing may be done by such an agreement made by the employer either with the employed person himself or with a person so authorised.

(2) Any such notice as is mentioned in the preceding subsection, whether given by or on behalf of an employed person,—

(a) may be given by being delivered to the employer, or sent by post addressed to him at the place of business where that person is employed, or (b) if arrangements in that behalf have been made by the employer, may be given by being delivered to a person designated by the employer in pursuance of the arrangements, or left for such a person at a place so designated, or sent by post to such a person at an address so designated.

(3) Any notice or statement which by any provision of this Act is authorised or required to be given by an employer to an employed person may be given by being delivered to the employed person, or left for him at his usual or last-known place of residence, or sent by post addressed to him at that place. 4

(4) Any notice or statement which, in accordance with any provision of this section, is left for a person at a place or address referred to in that provision shall, unless the contrary is proved, be presumed to have been received by him on the day on which it was left there.

392

Ch. 37

Payment of Wages Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(5) Nothing in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shall be construed as affecting the capacity of an employer to act by a servant or agent for the purposes of any provision of this Act, including either of those subsections.

Supplementary 6.—(1) Where, in the case of any wages to which the Truck

provisions. ^ct, 1831, applies, a payment of the wages or part thereof is made in circumstances falling within subsection (1) of section one of this Act, or falling within subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section four of this Act, section four of that Act (which confers a right of recovery in respect of wages not actually paid in current coin of the realm) shall not confer any right of recovery in respect of so much of those wages as has been paid in those circumstances, or as represents a lawful deduction taken into account in calculating that payment.

(2) For the purposes of section nine of the Truck Act, 1831 (whereby it is an offence to enter into any contract or make any payment thereby declared illegal),—

(a) no such request and agreement as are mentioned in

subsection (1) of section one of this Act, and

(b) no payment falling within paragraph of the said

subsection (1), or falling within subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section four of this Act,

shall be treated as a contract or payment declared illegal by that Act.

(3) For the purposes of section five of the Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act, 1874 (which precludes any action or set-off for any oontract thereby declared illegal), no such request and agreement as are mentioned in subsection (1) of section one of this Act shall be treated as a contract declared illegal by that Act.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (1) of section fourteen of the Wages Councils Act, 1959 (which relates to the computation of remuneration) any amount paid or to be paid to a person in any of the ways mentioned in subsection (3) of section one of this Act (whether that person is an employed person within the meaning of this Act or not) shall be treated as an amount obtained or to be obtained by him in cash, and the provisions of Part II of that Act as to payment of remuneration shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect the rights of any person except in so far as they are rights conferred by that Part of that Act

1960

Payment of Wages , 1960

Ch. 37

393

(5) The following provisions shall have effect with respect to payment by post, that is to say,—

(a) a request under section one of this Act for payment by

cheque shall not, unless it expressly so provides, be taken to imply a request that cheques in payment of the wages shall be sent by post;

(b) a request under that section for payment by money order

or postal order shall, unless it otherwise expressly provides, be taken to imply a request that money orders or postal orders in payment of the wages shall be sent by post;

(c) in determining, for the purposes of that section, whether a

payment is made in die way specified in a request, h is immaterial whether the payment is or is not sent by post;

(</) in the case of any payment sent by post, any requirement of this Act that a statement relating thereto shall be given at or before the time when the payment is made shall (if not complied with apart from this paragraph) be treated as complied with if a statement containing the requisite particulars is sent by post together with the payment.

(6) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, nothing in this Act—

(a) shall render unlawful or invalid any agreement or pay-

ment which apart from this Act is lawful and valid, or

(b) shall render lawful or valid any agreement or pay-

ment which, apart from this Act, is unlawful or invalid otherwise than by virtue of any of the specified enactments;

and, in relation to any payment made in any of the ways authorised by this Act, nothing in this Act shall be construed as rendering lawful a deduction which would not be a lawful deduction if the payment had been made to the employed person in cash.

(7) Nothing in this Act shall operate so as to enable an employed person to be required, by the terms or conditions of his employment or otherwise, to make such a request as is mentioned in section one of this Act, or to refrain from cancelling such a request

7.—(1) In this Act except in so far as the context otherwise Interpretation, requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" account " includes both a current account and a deposit account (whether described by that name or as a deposit or in any other way);

N*

394

Ch. 37

Payment of Wages Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

"the appointed day" means such day as the Minister of Labour may appoint by order made by statutory instrument;

" bank " includes a savings bank;

" branch ", in relation to a bank, includes the head office of the bank;

" employed person " (subject to the next following subsection) means any person who is an artificer within the meaning of the Truck Acts, 1831 to 1940, or of the Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act, 1874, or is a miner within the meaning of the Stannaries Act, 1887;

"employer" (subject to the next following subsection) means any person who is an employer within the meaning of the Truck Acts, 1831 to 1940, or of the Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act, 1874, or a company within the meaning of the Stannaries Act, 1887;

" money order " means a money order (not being a postal order) issued in pursuance of section twenty of the Post Office Act, 1953;

" postal order " has the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-one of the Post Office Act, 1953;

" the specified enactments " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section one of this Act;

" wages " (subject to the next following subsection) means any amount which constitutes wages within the meaning of the Truck Acts, 1831 to 1940, or of the Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act, 1874, or which constitutes wages within the meaning of the Stannaries Act, 1887, including subsist as defined in section eleven of that Act.

(2) Section ten of the Truck Amendment Act, 1887 (which applies the provisions of the Truck Act, 1831, and of that Act to certain outworkers not directly employed) shall have effect for the purposes of this Act as it has effect for the purposes of those Acts, and references in this Act to employed persons, to employers and to wages shall be construed accordingly.

(3) Any reference in this Act to the particulars required by subsection (5) of section two thereof shall be construed as including a reference to the particulars required by that subsection as modified by the provisions of the Schedule to this Act, or by those provisions together with any provisions of an order made under that section which are applicable to the payment in question. 4

(4) References in this Act to a deduction do not include a part of an employed person's wages which is paid in any of the ways authorised by this Act.

1960

Payment of Wages Act, 1960

Ch. 37

395

(5) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment

(6) In this section * savings bank * means any of the following, that is to say,—

(a) any trustee savings bank within the meaning of the Trustee Savings Banks Act 1954;

(b) any bank to which the Savings Bank (Scotland) Act

1819, applies;

(c) any organisation established (whether as a separate body

or otherwise) under a local or private Act in pursuance of a provision in that Act expressly describing it as a savings bank;

() any organisation formed in the United Kingdom (whether

before or after the passing of this Act) which does not fall within any of the preceding paragraphs, but being an organisation in the nature of a bank, accepts deposits of money for the benefit of the persons making the deposits, and, in the case of all deposits so accepted,—

(i) accumulates the produce of the deposits (so far as not withdrawn) at compound interest and

(ii) returns the deposits and produce to the depositors after deducting any necessary expenses of management but without deriving any benefit from die deposits or produce.

8. No limitation on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Northern Ireland imposed by the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, shall Ireland* preclude that Parliament from making laws for purposes similar to the purposes of this Act

%—(1) This Act may be cited as the Payment of Wages Act Short title, 1960. commence-

ment and

(2) Section four of this Act and in their application for the extent purposes of that section (but not otherwise) sections two, five,

six and seven of, and the Schedule to, this Act, shall come into operation at the end of the period of one month beginning with the day on which this Act is passed.

(3) Subject to the last preceding subsection, this Act, except the last preceding section, shall come into operation at the end of the period of six months beginning with the day on which it is passed. 4

(4) This Act, except the last preceding section, shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

N* 2

396

Ch. 37

Payment of Wages Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE

Section 1

Pay Statements Part I Deductions

1. —(1) Where a payment of wages or a part of wages (in this Part of this Schedule referred to as "the relevant payment*) is made in one of the ways authorised by this Act, and—

(a) at or before the time when that payment is made a state-

ment in writing (in this Part of this Schedule referred to as "the relevant statement") is given to the employed person, and

(b) that statement complies with the requirements of paragraphs (a) and (c), and (if applicable) of paragraph (), of subsection (5) of section two of this Act, but does not comply with the requirements of paragraph (6) of that subsection,

the relevant statement shall nevertheless be treated as complying with the requirements of paragraph ( ) of that subsection if it complies with the alternative requirements set out in paragraphs 2 to 5 of this Schedule.

(2) In the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule "relevant deduction* means a deduction made from the gross amount of the wages in calculating the relevant payment

2. The relevant statement must state the amount of each relevant deduction which is not a fixed deduction, and the matters in respect of which each such deduction is made.

3. The relevant statement must either specify the aggregate amount of all those relevant deductions which are fixed deductions, or contain particulars sufficient, without reference to any other document, to enable that aggregate amount to be ascertained.

4. Not more than twelve months before the date of the relevant payment there must have been given to the employed person a statement in writing (in this Part of this Schedule referred to as a " statement of fixed deductions ") specifying—

(a) the matters in respect of which fixed deductions from his wages were to be made, and

(b) the amount of each such fixed deduction in accordance with the rate thereof applicable to him at the time when that statement was given to him.

5. If, at any time during the period beginning with the date on which the statement of fixed deductions (or, if more than one such statement has been given to the employed person, the most recent statement of fixed deductions) was given to the employed person and ending with the date of the relevant payment, there has been any change in die fixed deductions specified in that statement, whether

le

1960

Payment of Wages , 1960

Ch. 37

397

by the addition of a new fixed deduction or the cancellation of a fixed deduction, or by way of an increase or decrease in the amount of a fixed deduction, notice in writing of that change must either—

(fl) have been given to the employed person before the date of the relevant statement, or

(b) be given to him in the relevant statement or together therewith.

Part H

Instalment of wages paid in different ways

6. This Part of this Schedule applies to any instalment of wages of which—

(a) part is paid in one of the ways authorised by this Act m

pursuance of a request made by the employed person in accordance with subsection (7) of section one of this Act, and

(b) the whole or part of the balance is paid in another of those ways, either in pursuance of another such request made by him or by virtue of subsection (3) of section four of this Act

7. In relation to an instalment of wages to which this Part of this Schedule applies, paragraph () of subsection (5) of section two of this Act shall be construed as requiring the net amount of the part thereof referred to in sub-paragraph (a) of the last preceding paragraph, and the net amount of the balance, or part of the balance, refened to in sub-paragraph (b) of the last preceding paragraph, to be separately shown in the statement, as well as the net amount of the balance (if any) which is not paid in any of the ways authorised by this Act

8. For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule payment into different accounts, whether at the same or at different banks, shall be treated as payment in different ways authorised by this Act

Part m

General

9. In paragraph (c) of subsection (5) of section two of this Act the reference to the deductions specified in the statement shall be construed as including a reference to any fixed deduction of which the amount is comprised in an aggregate amount which is either specified in the statement or is ascertainable therefrom as mentioned in paragraph 3 of this Schedule.

10. Any reference in Part I of this Schedule to the requirements of paragraph (c) or paragraph () of subsection (5) of section two of this Act shall be construed as including a reference to the requirements of that paragraph as modified by Part II of this Schedule or by the last preceding paragraph, as the case may be.

398

Ch. 37

Payment of Wages Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

11. Where a statement or notice is given to an employed person for the purposes of paragraph 4 or paragraph 5 of this Schedule, and—

(a) in the case of such a statement, it contains an error in,

or omission from, the matters required by paragraph 4 of this Schedule to be contained therein, or

(b) in the case of such a notice, it contains an error in describing the deduction or the change to which the notice relates,

but in other respects the statement or notice complies with the requirements of the paragraph in question, the statement or notice shall be treated as complying with those requirements if it is shown that the error or omission was made by way of a clerical mistake, or was otherwise made accidentally and in good faith.

12. In this Schedule "fixed deduction*' means any deduction which—

(a) is made on account of contributions (other than graduated

contributions) under the National Insurance Act, 1946, the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946, or the National Health Service Contributions Act, 1957, or under any enactment for the time being in force amending or substituted for any of the provisions of those Acts, or

(b) not being a deduction on account of income tax or any other deduction of which the amount varies from one wages period to another by reference (wholly or partly) to the gross amount of the wages, is a deduction of a recurring nature which does not fall within the preceding sub-paragraph.

600

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Savings Bank (Scotland) Act, 1819 Truck Act, 1831 Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act, 1874 Stannaries Act, 1887 Truck Amendment Act, 1887 Government of Ireland, 1920 National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946 National Insurance Act, 1946 Post Office Act, 1953 Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 National Health Service Contributions Act, 1957 Wages Councils Act, 1959 59 Geo. 3. c. 62. 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 37. 37 & 38 Vict c. 48. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 43. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 46. 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 62. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67. 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 36. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 63. 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 34. 7 Sc8 Eliz. 2. c. 69.

1960

Civil Aviation ( )

Act, 1960

Ch. 38

399

CHAPTER 38

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Licensing of certain flying

Section

1. Establishment of licensing authority, and restriction of unlicensed flying.

2. Air service licences.

3. Revocation, suspension and variation of licences.

4. Advisory functions of Board.

5. Regulations.

6. Enforcement of licensing provisions.

Prohibition of aerial advertising

7. Prohibition of aerial advertising and propaganda.

General

8. Expenses of, and reports by. Board.

9. Repeal of certain enactments.

10. Interpretation.

11. Power to extend provisions of Act to certain overseas territories.

12. Citation, commencement and extent.

Schedule—The Air Transport Licensing Board.

An Act to prohibit certain flying except under a licence or other authority and to repeal section twenty-four of the Air Corporations Act, 1949; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Licensing of certain flying

1.—(1) There shall be established in accordance with the Establishment provisions of the Schedule to this Act an Air Transport Licensing of licensing Board (in this Act referred to as " the Board ") with the general au?oriS> duty of exercising their functions under this Act in such manner as to further the development of British civil aviation, flying.

(2) No aircraft shall be used on any flight for reward or in connection with any trade or business except under and in accordance with the terms—

(a) of such certificate, if any, (in this Act referred to as an " air operator’s certificate ") as any Order in Council for the time being in force under section eight of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949, may require the operator of the aircraft to hold for the purposes of such flights as that in question, being a certificate of his competence to secure that aircraft operated by him on such flights are operated safely; and

400

Ch. 38

Air service licences.

Civil Aviation () 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(b) subject to subsection (3) of this section, of a licence granted to the operator of the aircraft by the Board under section two of this Act (in this Act referred to as an " air service licence "), being a licence authorising the operator to operate aircraft on such flights as that in question.

(3) The Minister may by regulations provide that paragraph (h) of the last foregoing subsection shall not apply to flights of such descriptions as may be specified in the regulations, and may by instrument in writing exempt from the requirements of the said paragraph ib) any other particular flight or series of flights.

(4) This section shall apply to—

(a) any flight in any part of the world by an aircraft regis-

tered in the United Kingdom; and

(b) any flight beginning or ending in the United Kingdom

by an aircraft registered in such other country or territory, if any, as may be prescribed.

2.—(1) Any application to the Board for the grant of an air service licence shall contain such particulars as may be prescribed; and, subject to the provisions of this section and of any relevant regulations under section five of this Act, the Board may at their discretion, after consulting with such persons, if any, as may be prescribed, either refuse the application or grant the applicant an air service licence for any air transport service or other purpose specified in the licence (being a service or other purpose proposed in the application with such modifications, if any, as the Board may flunk fit) for such term and subject to such conditions, if any, of the prescribed descriptions as may be so specified. 2

(2) In exercising their functions under this section the Board shall consider in particular—

(a) whether they are satisfied that, having regard in particular to his experience and financial resources and, subject to subsection (4) of this section, to his ability to provide satisfactory equipment, organisation ana staffing arrangements, and having regard also to any contravention in respect of aircraft operated by him of the provisions of section one of this Act, the applicant is competent, and a fit and proper person, to operate aircraft for the purposes for which he seeks an air service licence;

(b) the provision made or proposed to be made against any liability in respect of loss or damage to persons or property which may be incurred in connection with aircraft operated by the applicant;

1960

Civil Aviation (Licensing)

Act, 1960

Ch. 38

401

(c) any unfair advantage of the applicant over other opera-

tors by reason of the terms and conditions of employment of his servants;

() the existing or potential need or demand for any air

transport service proposed;

(e) in the case of any air transport service proposed, the

adequacy of any similar service authorised by any air service licence already granted and the tariff, if any, in respect of that similar service;

(/) the extent to which any air transport service proposed would be likely to result in wasteful duplication of, or in material diversion of traffic from, any air transport service which is being, or is about to be, provided under any air service licence already granted;

(g) any capital or other expenditure reasonably incurred, or

any financial commitment or commercial agreement reasonably entered into, in connection with the operation of aircraft on air transport services by any person (including the applicant) who is the holder of any air service licence already granted;

(h) any objections or representations made in accordance

with any relevant regulations under section five of this Act

(3) The Minister and the Board shall from time to time consult together with regard to relations with other countries or territories affecting the exercise of the Board’s functions; and if in the case of any application for an air service licence the Minister so directs in writing on the ground that any air transport service proposed in the application would in his opinion involve the negotiation with the government of some other country or territory of rights which it would be inexpedient for the time being to seek, the Board shall forthwith refuse that application so far as it relates to that service.

(4) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section, the Board shall not consider the matters in respect of which an air operator’s certificate is required, that is to say, the competence of the applicant to secure that aircraft operated by him will be operated safely.

(5) Every air service licence authorising an air transport service shall include a provision with respect to the tariff to be charged in respect of that service, being—

(a) in the case of a service between terminal points one of which is in the United Kingdom and the other of which is in the United Kingdom, one of the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, a provision setting out that tariff;

402

Ch. 38

Civil Aviation (Licensing)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(6) in any other case, either a provision setting out that tariff or a provision specifying the manner in which that tariff is to be determined;

and in a case falling within paragraph (b) of this subsection the licence shall be of no effect until the said provision has been confirmed by the Minister either without modification or with such modifications as he may think fit after consultation with such holders of air service licences and other persons as he may consider appropriate:

Provided that, in such cases or classes of cases as may be prescribed, this subsection shall have effect subject to such exceptions or modifications as may be prescribed in relation to the case or class of cases in question.

(6) The Minister may by order made by statutory instrument authorise the grant of an air service licence to any person specified in the order (being a person who provided air transport services before the date of the coming into force of subsection (2) of section one of this Act) in respect of any air transport service so specified for such term and subject to such conditions, if any, as may be so specified in relation to that service; and, without prejudice to their powers under section three of this Act, the Board shall grant that licence forthwith without any application being made therefor:

Provided that the Minister shall not make any order under this subsection after the expiration of the period of three months beginning with the said date.

(7) Except with the consent of the Minister, which may be granted either generally or in respect of a particular case or class of cases, the Board shall not grant an air service licence to any person who is not either—

(a) a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies, a citizen

of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, a citizen of the State of Singapore or a British protected person; or

(b) a body incorporated in the United Kingdom or in any

part thereof, or in any of the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, the said Federation, or a colony, protectorate or United Kingdom trust territory, being a body which in the opinion of the Board is substantially controlled by persons each of whom is either a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies, a citizen of the said Federation, a citizen of the said State or a British protected person.

(8) If, while an air service licence is in force and not later than the prescribed time before the expiry of the term for which it was granted, the holder thereof applies to the Board for the

1960

Civil Aviation (Licensing)

Act, 1960

Ch. 38

403

grant of a new air service licence in continuation thereof or in substitution therefor, then, without prejudice to the powers of the Board under section three of this Act, unless the application is withdrawn the first-mentioned licence shall not cease to be in force by reason of the expiry of the said term until the Board have given their determination on the application nor, if the application is refused or if any new licence granted differs in its terms from the first-mentioned licence, until—

(a) the expiration of the period prescribed under section five of this Act for appealing against the Board’s decision; and

(b) if an appeal is duly made within that period, the determination or abandonment of the appeal; and

(c) in the case of a successful appeal against a refusal of

the application, the date of the coming into force of the new licence.

3.—(1) Subject to any relevant regulations under section five of this Act, an application for the revocation, suspension or variation of an air service licence may be made to the Board at any time by any of the persons prescribed in pursuance of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of that section.

(2) Whether or not any application or representation has been made to the Board for the purpose, if in the case of any person who is the holder of an air service licence the Board are at any time no longer satisfied as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section two of this Act, they shall, as may appear to them appropriate in the circumstances, revoke, suspend or vary that licence.

(3) Without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, if at any time the Board are satisfied, whether or not any application or representation has been made to them for the purpose, that it is right and proper so to do, they may revoke, suspend or vary any air service licence.

(4) Subsections (2) to (4) of section two of this Act shall have effect with the necessary modifications in relation to the Board’s functions under the two last foregoing subsections as they have effect in relation to their functions under the said section two.

(5) If any air service licence is revoked, suspended or varied by the Board otherwise than on the application of the holder of the licence, the revocation, suspension or variation shall not take effect until the expiration of the period prescribed under section five of this Act for the making of an appeal against the Board’s decision nor, if an appeal is duly made during that period, until the determination or abandonment of the appeal.

Revocation, suspension and variation of licences.

404

Advisory functions of Board

Regulations.

Ch. 38 Civil Aviation (Licensing) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

4.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Board to consider any representation from any person relating to, or to facilities in connection with, air transport services by means of aircraft registered in the United Kingdom, or with respect to the tariff or other charges in respect of any such service or facilities:

Provided that the Board shall not be required by this subsection to consider any representation if in their opinion—

(a) the representation is frivolous or vexatious; or

(b) the matters to which the representation relates have

already been sufficiently considered by the Board; or

(c) the matters to which the representation relates are for

the time being regulated by an international agreement to which Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom is a party.

(2) When the Board have considered any such representation as aforesaid, they shall report to the Minister upon their conclusions, and shall make such recommendations to the Minister in connection with those conclusions as they think expedient:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any representation made in connection with an application for the grant of an air service licence or for the purposes of the Board’s functions under section three of this Act.

5.—(1) Without prejudice to any other power to make regulations conferred by this Act, the Minister shall by regulations make provision—

(a) for requiring, except in such circumstances, if any, as

may be specified in the regulations, publication of notice of the making of any application for the grant, revocation, suspension or variation of an air service licence and for the making of objections or representations with respect to any such application;

(b) as to the persons entitled to be heard by the Board at

any meeting to consider the grant, revocation, suspension or variation of any such licence;

(c) for conferring a right to appeal to the Minister from

any decision of the Board with respect to any air service licence or any application for such a licence upon the holder of or applicant for the licence and upon such other persons, if any, as may be specified in the regulations, and generally as to such appeals, including in particular provision as to the time by which any such appeal must be made, the other persons, if any, to be made parties thereto, and the liability of any of the parties in respect of costs or expenses incurred in connection therewith;

1960

Civil Aviation (Licensing)

Act, 1960

Ch. 38

405

() for the making of representations to the Minister by the

Government of the Isle of Man or by the States of Jersey or Guernsey as respects any such decision of the Board as is mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph, and for applying in relation to those representations, with such modifications as the Minister thinks fit, any provision relating to appeals contained in this Act or in any regulations made thereunder;

(e) for requiring the payment to the Board in connection

with air service licences or applications relating thereto of such fees determined in such manner as the regulations may with the approval of the Treasury provide.

(2) Without prejudice as aforesaid, the Minister may by regulations make provision—

(a) as to the form and manner in which any application,

objection or representation shall be made to the Board;

(b) with respect to the furnishing by persons making an

application, objection or representation to the Board of information or documents relevant thereto;

(c) as to the liability of any of the persons heard by virtue

of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section at any meeting of the Board in respect of costs or expenses incurred in connection with that hearing;

(d) with respect to the provision by holders of air service licences or air operator’s certificates of statistical or other information with respect to their operations to which the licence or certificate relates;

(e) as to the circumstances, if any, in which an air service licence shall or may be transferred or treated as if granted to a person other than the person to whom it was granted;

(/) with respect to the surrender for cancellation or variation of air service licences;

(g) generally as to the procedure of the Board;

(h) for the setting up of regional advisory committees for the purpose of advising the Board on matters relating to their functions under this Act with particular regard to the circumstances and requirements of particular areas, and for the payment by the Minister of travelling or other expenses reasonably incurred by any person as a member of any such committee. 3

(3) Any power to make regulations conferred by this Act shall include power to make different provision for different circumstances and to make such incidental or supplementary provision as appears to the Minister necessary or expedient for giving effect to the purposes of this Act.

406

Ch. 38

Enforcement of licensing provisions.

Civil Aviation (Licensing) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(4) Any power to make regulations conferred on the Minister by this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any such instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

6.—(1) If an aircraft is used on any flight in contravention of subsection (2) of section one of this Act, the operator of the aircraft and if any other person, whether by negotiating a contract or otherwise howsoever, made available facilities for travel or the consignment of goods on that flight knowing or having reasonable cause to suspect that the flight would be in contravention of the said subsection (2), that other person also, shall be guilty of an offence and be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five

hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine of such amount

as the court may think fit, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment.

(2) For the purpose of securing compliance with the requirements of section one of this Act, the Minister or anyone acting under his authority may require any person who, in the United Kingdom, whether by providing an aircraft or negotiating a contract or otherwise howsoever, makes available, or offers, facilities for travel or the consignment of goods upon any journey by air, and any servant or agent of any such person, and any person who is the holder of an aerodrome licence, to provide the Minister with all such information or documents in his possession or control relating to the journey or proposed journey as may be specified in the requirement; and any person who wilfully fails to comply with any requirement under this subsection shall be guilty of an offence and be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(3) If the holder of any air service licence or air operator’s certificate fails without reasonable cause to comply with any requirement of any regulations with respect to the provision of information made by virtue of paragraph id) of subsection (2) of section five of this Act, he shall in respect of each such failure be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds. 4

(4) If any person, in furnishing any information under this Act, furnishes any information which to his knowledge is false in any material particular or recklessly furnishes any information

1960

Civil Aviation (

Act, 1960

Ch. 38

407

which is false in any material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding five

hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment

(5) If any person fails without reasonable cause to comply with any requirement duly made of him under this Act to surrender an air service licence for cancellation or variation, he shall be guilty of an offence and be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(6) Where an offence under this section committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

In this subsection, the expression "director", in relation to a body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of that body corporate.

(7) Any offence under this section shall, for the purpose of conferring jurisdiction, be deemed to have been committed in any place where the offender may for the time being be.

Prohibition of aerial advertising

7.—(1) Save in such circumstances as may be prescribed, no aircraft while in the air over any part of the United Kingdom or the territorial waters thereof shall be used, whether wholly or partly, for emitting or displaying any advertisement or other communication in such a way that the advertisement or communication is audible or visible from the ground.

(2) Any person who uses an aircraft, or knowingly causes or permits an aircraft to be used, in contravention of the foregoing subsection shall be guilty of an offence and be liable on summary conviction—

(a) in the case of a first conviction of an offence under this section, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds;

Prohibition of aerial advertising and

propaganda.

408

Ch. 38

Civil Aviation ( )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Expenses of, and reports by. Board.

Repeal of

certain

enactments.

(b) in any other case, to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment;

and subsections (6) and (7) of section six of this Act shall apply to any offence under this subsection as they apply to any offence under that section.

General

8.—(1) The Minister shall provide the Board with such accommodation and equipment as appears to him to be necessary or expedient for the exercise of their functions and shall also provide from among his officers and servants such number of persons to act as officers or servants of the Board as he may from time to time with the approval of the Treasury think fit; and any expenditure incurred by the Board with the approval of the Minister shall be defrayal by the Minister.

(2) The Board shall furnish the Minister with such accounts and other information relating to the discharge of their functions as he may from time to time require, and shall, as soon as may be after the end of each year, make a report to the Minister as to the exercise and performance of their functions under this Act in that year, which shall cover any particular matters on which the Minister has requested them to report; and the Minister shall lay a copy of every such report before each House of Parliament.

(3) Any expenditure incurred by the Minister in consequence of the provisions of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament; and any fees received under this Act by the Board shall be paid by the Board to the Minister, who shall pay them into the Exchequer.

9. The following provisions are hereby repealed, that is to

say—

(a) in the Air Corporations Act, 1949, sections twenty-four

(except subsection (2) thereof) and twenty-five (which relate to the reservation of certain air services to the British Overseas Airways Corporation, the British European Airways Corporation and their associates), section four (which provides for the appointment of regional committees by the said Corporation) and subsection (3) of section seven (which relates to one of the provisions repealed by the next following paragraph);

(b) in the Civil Aviation Act, 1949, section twelve (which

provides for the constitution and functions of the Air Transport Advisory Council) and section thirteen

1960

Civil Aviation (Licensing)

Act, 1960

Ch. 38

409

(which empowers Her Majesty to make provision for the licensing of air transport and commercial flying by Order in Council);

(c) the entries relating to the said Advisory Council in Part II of the First Schedule to the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957, and in the said Part n as substituted by the Third Schedule to that Act.

10. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the Interpretation, following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

" aerodrome licence " means a licence granted in respect of an aerodrome by virtue of section eight of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949;

"air operator’s certificate" has the meaning assigned by paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section one of this Act;

"air service licence" means a licence under section two of this Act;

" air transport service " means the carriage of passengers or of mails or other cargo by air for reward;

"the Board" means the Air Transport Licensing Board established in pursuance of subsection (1) of section one of this Act;

" British protected person ", " colony ", " protectorate " and "United Kingdom trust territory" have the same meanings respectively as in the British Nationality Acts,

1948 and 1958;

" flight " means a journey by air beginning when the aircraft takes off and ending when the aircraft next alights thereafter;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Aviation;

" operator ", in relation to an aircraft, means the person for the time being having the business management of that aircraft, and cognate expressions shall be construed accordingly;

" prescribed " means prescribed by the Minister by regulations under this Act;

" reward ", in relation to any flight by an aircraft, includes any form of consideration received or to be received wholly or partly in respect of or in connection with that flight, irrespective of the person by or to whom the consideration has been or is to be given;

"tariff", in relation to any air transport service, means the fares or freight rates (including any charges for the carriage of mails) to be charged and any conditions upon which those fares or freight rates depend.

410

Ch. 38

Civil Aviation ( )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Power to extend

provisions of Act to certain overseas territories.

11.—(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any of the provisions of this Act shall extend with such exceptions. modifications and adaptations, if any, as may be specified in the Order—

(a) to any of the Channel Islands or to the Isle of Man;

(b) to any colony, protectorate or United Kingdom trust territory.

(2) An Order in Council made by virtue of paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection may provide for the payment of sums out of moneys provided by Parliament for any purpose for which sums are required to be so paid in consequence of the exercise of the powers conferred by this section.

(3) Any Order in Council made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council so made.

(4) For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that, without prejudice to any provision of any Order in Council under this section extending paragraph (b) of section nine of this Act to any of the territories mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the repeal by the said paragraph ( of section thirteen of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949, shall not affect the operation of the said section thirteen as extended to any of those territories by an Order in Council made before the commencement of this Act under section sixty-six or sixty-seven of the said Act of 1949.

Citation, 12.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Civil Aviation

nSntand6" (Licensing) Act, 1960.

extent (2) This Act and the Civil Aviation Act, 1949, may be cited

together as the Civil Aviation Acts, 1949 and 1960.

(3) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Minister may by order made by statutory instrument appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes of this Act.

(4) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE

The Air Transport Licensing Board

1. The Board shall consist of not less than six nor more than ten members appointed by the Minister, who shall also appoint two of those members to be chairman and deputy chairman respectively of the Board. 2

2. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the chairman, the deputy chairman and each of the other members of the Board shall hold and vacate his office in accordance with the terms of the instrument appointing him.

1960

Civil Aviation (Licensing)

Act, 1960

Gel 38

3. The Minister—

(a) shall pay to any member of the Board such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine; and

(b) in the case of any member of the Board with respect to whom the Minister may with the said approval determine, shall make such provision for the payment of a pension to or in respect of that member as he may so determine;

and the Minister shall, as soon as possible after the establishment of the Board, lay before each House of Parliament a statement of the remuneration and allowances that are or will be payable under this paragraph to the members of the Board; and if any subsequent determination made by him under this paragraph involves any departure from the terms of that statement or if a determination so made provides for the payment of a pension to or in respect of any member of the Board, the Minister shall, as soon as possible after the determination, lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament.

4. In Part II of the First Schedule to the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 (which specifies certain bodies all members of which are disqualified under that Act) and in the Part substituted for the said Part 13 by the Third Schedule to that Act in its application to the Senate and the House of Commons of Northern Ireland, after the entry relating to the Air Transport Advisory Council there shall be inserted the words " The Air Transport Licensing Board

5. If the Minister is satisfied that the chairman or deputy chairman of the Board is temporarily unable to discharge the functions of his office owing to illness or any other cause, he may appoint some other member of the Board to act for the time being in the place of the chairman or deputy chairman, as the case may be.

6. If the Minister is satisfied that a member of the Board-

fa) has without the permission of the Board been absent from meetings of the Board for a continuous period exceeding six months; or

(b) has become bankrupt or made an arrangement with his creditors; or

(c) has by reason of illness or any other cause become unable

or unfit to act as a member of the Board,

the Minister may, by giving notice in such manner as he thinks fit, declare that person’s office as a member of the Board to have become vacant.

7. No person who for the time being has any interest, whether as a shareholder or otherwise, in the business of an operator of aircraft or of the holder of an aerodrome licence shall act as a member of the Board unless he has declared his interest to the Board and to the Minister; and if the Minister is satisfied that, by reason of that interest or of any failure so to declare such an interest, it is right and proper so to do, the Minister may by giving

412

Ch. 38, 39

Civil Aviation ( )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Validity of pension schemes for dock workers.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 22.

2 Edw. 7.C.21.

Short title and extent.

notice in such manner as he thinks fit declare than person’s office as a member of the Board to have become vacant.

8. The Board may act notwithstanding a vacancy in the membership thereof, and no act of the Board shall be invalidated by reason of any irregularity in the appointment of any member thereof or by reason of any person irregularly acting as a member thereof.

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Civil Aviation Act, 1949 Air Corporations Act, 1949 House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 67. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 91. 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

CHAPTER 39

An Act to exclude the operation of the Truck Acts, 1831 to 1940, and the Shop Clubs Act, 1902, in relation to provisions concerning pensions under the Dock Workers (Regulation of Employment) Act, 1946.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Nothing in the Truck Acts, 1831 to 1940, shall prevent the deduction, in pursuance of a scheme under the Dock Workers (Regulation of Employment) Act, 1946, of employees’ contributions due under a pension scheme from the employees* wages or make invalid any provision for such deductions made under the said Act of 1946.

(2) For the purposes of the Shop Clubs Act, 1902, a pension scheme to which effect is given under the said Act of 1946 shall not be deemed to constitute a shop club or thrift fund within the meaning of the Shop Clubs Act, 1902.

(3) In this section the expression "pension scheme" means arrangements for providing retirement pensions for dock workers, with or without other benefits.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Dock Workers (Pensions) Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1960

Commonwealth Teachers Act, 1960

Ch. 40

413

CHAPTER 40

An Act to make further provision for matters arising out of the recommendations of the Commonwealth Education Conference.

[2nd June, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Secretary of State may from time to time make Provision out of moneys provided by Parliament, in accordance with such teachers arrangements as he thinks fit, payments for any of the following foj^urther purposes, that is to say— educational

(a) for enabling persons from countries and territories of co-operation the Commonwealth outside the United Kingdom to attend teacher training courses in the United Kingdom; wealth

(b) for encouraging persons from the United Kingdom to countries, become temporarily employed in those countries and territories as teachers or in connection with teaching, and for facilitating the return to and resettlement in the United Kingdom of persons so employed;

(c) for any purpose which the Secretary of State considers will foster co-operation in educational matters between the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth countries and territories;

() for any purpose appearing to the Secretary of State to be incidental or supplemental to any of the foregoing purposes.

In this subsection references to the United Kingdom include references to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.

(2) Payments under this Act shall not be made for a purpose mentioned in paragraph (c) of the foregoing subsection, or a purpose incidental or supplemental to such a purpose, except with the approval of the Treasury. 3 4

(3) Subject to the following subsection, payments by the Secretary of State under this Act and the Commonwealth 8 & 9 Eliz. 2. Scholarships Act, 1959, shall not in the aggregate exceed six c. 6. million pounds.

(4) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide that for the limit for the time being imposed by the last foregoing subsection there shall be substituted a limit of such larger amount as may be specified by the Order; but no recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty to make an Order under this subsection unless a draft of the Order has been laid before Parliament and

414

Ch. 40, 41 Commonwealth Teachers , 1960 8 & 9 . 2

Short title.

Operation of existing lawi relation to Ghana.

approved by resolution of each House, and no such Order shall be made so as to come into force before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty-five.

2. This Act may be cited as the Commonwealth Teachers Act, 1960.

CHAPTER 41

An Act to make provision as to the operation of the law in relation to Ghana and persons and things in any way belonging to or connected with Ghana, in view of Ghana’s becoming a Republic while remaining a member of the Commonwealth.

[2nd June, 1960]

WHEREAS Ghana is to become a Republic while remaining a member of the Commonwealth:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) On and after the date on which Ghana becomes a Republic, all existing law, that is to say, all law which, whether being a rule of law or a provision of an Act of Parliament or of any other enactment or instrument whatsoever, is in force on that date or has been passed or made before that date and comes into force thereafter, shall, until provision to the contrary is made by an authority having power to alter that law and subject to the provisions of this Act, have the same operation in relation to Ghana, and to persons and things in any way belonging to or connected with Ghana, as it would have had if Ghana had not become^a Republic. 2

(2) This section extends to law of, or of any part of, the United Kingdom, Southern Rhodesia, a colony, a protectorate or a United Kingdom trust territory:

Provided that this section—

(a) does not extend to any law passed by the Federal Legislature of Rhodesia and Nyasaland;

1960 Ghana (Consequential Provision) Ch. 41 415

Act, 1960

(b) extends to other law of, or of any part of, Southern

Rhodesia so far only as concerns law which can be amended neither by a law passed by the Legislature thereof nor by a law passed by the said Federal Legislature; and

(c) extends to other law of, or of any part of. Northern Rhodesia or Nyasaland so far only as concerns law which cannot be amended by a law passed by the said Federal Legislature.

The references in this subsection to a colony, to a protectorate

and to a United Kingdom trust territory shall be construed as

if they were references contained in the British Nationality Act, n & 12 Geo. 6.

1948. c. 56.

(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for such modification of any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed before Ghana becomes a Republic, or in any instrument having effect under any such Act, as may appear to Her to be necessary or expedient in view of Ghana’s becoming a Republic while remaining a member of the Commonwealth, and subsection (1) of this section shall have effect in relation to any such Act or instrument as modified by such an Order save in so far as the contrary intention appears in the Order.

An Order in Council under this section—

(a) may be made either before or after Ghana becomes a

Republic, and may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in Council; and

(b) may, though made after the date on which Ghana becomes a Republic, be made so as to have effect from that date; and

(c) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution

of either House of Parliament.

2.—(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council confer on the Pending Judicial Committee of the Privy Council such jurisdiction in appeals to respect of appeals to Her Majesty in Council from a court Majesty judge in Ghana which are pending immediately before the date m on which Ghana becomes a Republic, and in which the records have been registered in the office of the Privy Council before that date, as appears to Her to be appropriate for giving effect to any arrangements between Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the Government of Ghana for any such appeals to be continued before and disposed of by that Committee. 2

(2) An Order in Council under this section may, if the arrangements so require, direct that any appeal continued before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council under this section shall

416

Ch. 41

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 41.

Short title.

Ghana (Consequential Provision) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

abate on a date specified in the Order unless it has been heard by the Committee before that date, and an Order containing such a direction may contain provisions to facilitate the hearing of any such appeal before that date, including provisions as to the sittings of the said Committee and provisions for expediting the steps to be taken by the parties preliminary to the hearing of an appeal.

(3) An Order in Council under this section—

(a) may determine the practice and procedure to be followed

on any appeal continued before the said Committee under this section and, in particular, may provide for the form of any report or recommendation to be made by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in exercise of the jurisdiction conferred on that Committee under this section, and for its transmission to such authority in Ghana as may be specified in the Order, and

(b) may contain such other incidental and supplemental provisions as appear to Her Majesty to be desirable, and

(c) may be made either before or after Ghana becomes a Republic, and may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in Council, and

() may, though made after the date on which Ghana becomes a Republic, be made so as to have effect from that date.

(4) Except so far as otherwise provided by an Order in Council under this section, and subject to such modifications as may be so provided, the Judicial Committee Act, 1833, shall apply in relation to appeals continued before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council under this section as it applied in relation to those appeals before Ghana became a Republic.

(5) Subject to the provisions of any Order under this section, nothing in this Act shall be construed as continuing in force any right of appeal to Her Majesty in Council from any court or judge in Ghana. 3

3. This Act may be cited as the Ghana (Consequential Provision) Act, 1960.

1960

Merchant Shipping (Minicoy

Lighthouse) Act, 1960

Ch. 42

417

CHAPTER 42

An Act to enable the lighthouse on Minicoy Island and sums held in the General Lighthouse Fund in connection therewith to be transferred to the Government of India, and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[2nd June, 1960]

WHEREAS the lighthouse on Minicoy Island (in this Act referred to as " the lighthouse ") between the Laccadive and Maidive Islands, is a colonial light within the meaning of the Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898, but has, since the second day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, been administered by the Government of India:

And whereas it is expedient that the lighthouse and the sums held in the General Lighthouse Fund in connection therewith should be transferred to the Government of India;

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Minister of Transport (in this Act referred to as " the Minister ") shall have power to transfer to the Government of India on such date as may be agreed between him and that Government all the interest held by him in the lighthouse and in the appurtenances thereto.

(2) On the date referred to in the foregoing subsection the lighthouse shall cease to be a colonial light within the meaning of the Act of 1898, and accordingly section six hundred and seventy of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which empowers Her Majesty to fix colonial light dues) shall cease to have effect in relation to the lighthouse, and in the Third Schedule to the Act of 1898, the words " Minicoy Island, between the Laccadive and Maidive Islands " shall be repealed.

(3) There shall be paid to the Government of India out of the General Lighthouse Fund (in this section referred to as "the Fund ") the following sums, that is to say—

(a) such sum as the Minister, with the consent of the Treasury, may determine to be equivalent to the excess of the proportion of the Fund attributable to light dues in respect of the lighthouse for the period ending with the second day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, over the aggregate of the expenses in connection with the lighthouse relating to that period and falling to be paid out of the Fund;

(b) a sum equal to interest at the rate of four per cent, per annum on the sum payable by virtue of the foregoing paragraph for the period beginning with the third day

o

61 & 62 Vict c. 44.

Power to transfer to India Minicoy Lighthouse and assets attributable thereto.

57 & 58 Vict c. 60.

418

Ch. 42

Interpretation

and.dtation.

Penalties for abandonment of animals.

Merchant Shipping 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Lighthouse) , 1960

of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, and ending with the day on which the last mentioned sum is paid;

(c) all the sums carried to the Fund and attributable to light dues due in respect of the lighthouse after the second day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six;

() in respect of each of the sums referred to in the last foregoing paragraph, a sum equal to interest at the rate of four per cent, per annum thereon for the period beginning with the relevant day and ending with the day on which the sum so referred to is paid.

(4) In the last foregoing subsection,—

(a) in paragraph (a), the reference to expenses falling to be paid out of the Fund includes a reference to expenses which fell to be paid out of the Basses Lights Fund (the balance of which was transferred to the Fund by the Act of 1898), and

(b) in paragraph (), " relevant day " means, in relation to a sum referred to in paragraph (c) of that subsection, the thirtieth day of September falling in the year in which that sum was carried to the Fund, and for the purposes of this paragraph a year shall be treated as a period of twelve months ending with the thirty-first day of March.

2.—(1) In this Act—

M the Act of 1898 " means the Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898, and " the General Lighthouse Fund " means the fund of that name established under the Act of 1898.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping (Minicoy Lighthouse) Act, 1960, and this Act and the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1958, may be cited together as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1960.

CHAPTER 43

An Act to prohibit the abandonment of animals; and for purposes connected therewith.

[2nd June, 1960J

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. If any person being the owner or having charge or control of any animal shall without reasonable cause or excuse abandon it, whether permanently or not, in circumstances likely to cause the animal any unnecessary suffering, or cause or procure or, being the owner, permit it to be so abandoned, he shall be guilty of an offence of cruelty within the meaning of the principal Act

le

1960

Abandonment of Animals Act, 1960

Ch. 43, 44

419

and liable to the penalties prescribed by subsection (1) of section one of that Act, and the provisions of the Protection of Animals Acts shall apply to an offence under this section as they apply to an offence against the said subsection (1).

2. In this Act " the principal Act " and " the Protection of Interpretation. Animals Acts " mean respectively,—

(a) in relation to England and Wales, the Protection of l Geo. 5.

Animals Act, 1911, as amended by or under any other c. 27.

enactment, and the Protection of Animals Acts, 1911

to 1954;

(b) in relation to Scotland, the Protection of Animals (Scot- 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

land) Act, 1912, as so amended, and the Protection ofc-14.

Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1912 to 1954, and " animal " has the same meaning as in the principal Act.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Abandonment of Animals short title.

Act, 1960. citation and

(2) This Act and the Protection of Animals Acts may be cited together as the Protection of Animals Acts, 1911 to 1960, or the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1912 to 1960, as the case maybe.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 44

Finance A, 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I Customs and Excise

Section

1. Wines.

2. Sweets.

3. Spirits: abolition of certificates and consequential provisions.

4. Repeal of entertainments duty.

5. Tobacco.

6. Tobacco dealers* licences.

7. Mechanical lighters.

8. Abolition of duties on and licences for playing cards.

9. Rebated heavy oils.

10. Relaxation of terms of certain reliefs under Import Duties Act, 1958.

11. Vehicles (excise): hackney carriages.

12. Vehicles (excise): short-period licences for special vehicles.

13. Use of motor vehicle unlicensed during compulsory test.

14. Vehicles (excise): charge for new licence under s. 13 of Act of 1949.

Part n Incomb Tax

15. Charge of income tax for 1960-61.

16. Amendment of s. 486 of Act of 1952.

17. Additional relief for widows and others in respect of children.

18. Increase of reliefs for housekeeper, dependent relative, etc.

19. Income tax relief for National Insurance contributions.

02

420

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section

20. Restriction for relief for losses.

21. Sale of shares in certain trading companies.

22. Provisions as to certain building companies not carrying on a trade.

23. Application of ss. 21 and 22 to sales of shares in holding companies.

24. Supplementary provisions as to ss. 21 to 23.

25. Transactions between associated dealing companies and other

companies.

26. Sale of shares in investment company to associated dealing company.

27. Sale of securities cum-dividend.

28. Cancellation of tax advantages from certain transactions in securities.

29. Information for purposes of ss. 21 to 28.

30. Appointment of chairman of Board of Referees.

31. Amendment of s. 4 of Finance (No. 2) Act, 1955.

32. Receipts accruing after discontinuance of trade, profession or vocation.

33. Supplementary provisions as to tax under s. 32.

34. Receipts and losses accruing after change treated as discontinuance

under Finance Act, 1953, s. 19.

35. Work in progress at discontinuance.

36. Debts set off against profits and subsequently released.

37. Payments on retirement or removal from office or employment.

38. Exemptions and reliefs in respect of tax under s. 37.

39. Application of Income Tax Acts to public departments.

40. Extension of payments treated as " small maintenance payments ".

41. Retirement annuities: relief for premiums.

42. Confirmation of double-taxation Agreement with the Republic of

Ireland.

43. Interpretation of Part II.

Part in Income Tax and Profits Tax (Penalties and Assessments)

44. New provisions as to penalties and recovery of tax in connection with

incorrect returns, etc.

45. Notice of liability to tax.

46. Penalties for failure to make certain returns, etc.

47. Penalty for fraudulently or negligently making incorrect returns, etc.

48. Provisions supplementary to section 47.

49. Penalty for failure to give information affecting investment allowances.

50. Assisting in making incorrect return, etc.

51. Time limit for recovery from taxpayer of tax lost through his fault.

52. Modification of s. 51 in relation to partnerships.

53. Time limit for recovery of tax lost through deceased person’s fault.

54. Time limit for certain penalty proceedings.

55. Time limit for summary proceedings, and increase of maximum fine in

such proceedings.

56. Procedure for recovery of fines and penalties.

57. Recovery of tax repaid in consequence of fraud or negligence.

58. Interest on tax recovered to make good loss due to taxpayer’s fault.

59. Power of General or Special Commissioners in relation to appeals and

assessments.

60. Evidence of income for the purposes of Part HI.

61. Application of Part m to the profits tax.

62. Application of Part III to certain regulations made with concurrence of

Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

63. Interpretation of Part m.

Part IV Estate Duty

64. Estate duty: graduation of charge on gifts, etc.

65. Estate duty: graduation of charge where benefits from company

surrendered.

66. Valuation of assets of certain companies.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

421

Part V Miscellaneous

Section

67. Increase of rate of profits tax.

68. Appeals against profits tax directions.

69. Assimilation of authorised unit trust schemes to investment companies:

(income tax).

70. Assimilation of authorised unit trust schemes to investment companies:

(profits tax).

71. Supplementary provisions relating to ss. 69 and 70.

72. Capital allowances for certain business or estate management expenditure.

73. Visiting forces and staffs of allied headquarters (income tax and estate

duty exemptions).

74. Visiting forces and allied headquarters (stamp duty exemptions).

75. Relief from purchase tax on articles intended for galleries, museums, etc.

76. Relief from purchase tax on importation of certain goods.

77. Premium Savings Bonds.

78. Exchequer advances to nationalised industries and undertakings.

Part VI General

79. Short title, interpretation, construction, extent and repeal.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Application of Part IX of Act of 1952 to Spirits Consignment Notes.

Second Schedule—Supplementary provisions as to marking of Heavy Oils.

Third Schedule—Relief for National Insurance Contributions.

Fourth Schedule—Reliefs in respect of tax under section thirty-seven.

Fifth Schedule—Agreement between the Government of the United Kingdom and the Government of the Republic of Ireland with respect to certain exemptions from tax.

Sixth Schedule—Provisions referred to in sections forty-six and forty-seven.

Seventh Schedule—Application of Part HI to the Profits Tax.

Eighth Schedule—Enactments Repealed.

An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to the National Debt and the Public Revenue, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

[29th July, 1960]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I Customs and Excish 1.—(1) The duties of customs on wines under section four of Wines, the Finance Act, 1958, shall be charged as if in the Third

422

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1

Sweets.

Spirits: abolition of certificates and consequential provisions.

Schedule to that Act for each of the rates per gallon, other than the rates for still light wines not in bottle and the rates of additional duty in the case of wine exceeding 42 degrees proof spirit, there were substituted a rate less by twelve shillings, and for each of the rates per gallon of additional duty there were substituted a rate less by one shilling.

(2) This section shall have effect as from the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty.

2. —(1) There shall be charged on sweets, in lieu of the duty charged under section five of the Finance Act, 1958, a duty of excise at the rate of ten shillings and sixpence per gallon in the case of still sweets, and sixteen shillings and sixpence per gallon in the case of sparkling sweets.

(2) This section shall have effect as from the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty.

3. —(1) It shall not be necessary for spirits sent out from the stock of a rectifier, compounder, dealer or retailer to be accompanied by a certificate, but where any spirits are so sent out, other than—

(a) spirits sent out from the stock of a dealer not exceeding

in quantity one gallon at a time and sold by him under a retailer’s licence to a person who is not a dealer in or retailer of spirits,

(b) spirits sent out from the stock of a retailer not exceeding

in quantity one gallon of the same denomination at a time for any one person, the person sending them out shall, subject to any dispensation granted by the Commissioners, send to the person to whom they are sent a spirits consignment note, and shall send it either with the spirits or so that it is either delivered or posted on the day on which the spirits are sent out

(2) In this Act and the Act of 1952 "spirits consignment note " means a consignment note or similar document containing such particulars as the Commissioners may direct

(3) Subsections (1) to (3) of section one hundred and eight of the Act of 1952 (which make provision for certificates) shall cease to have effect; and in subsection (5) of that section for the words "to which none of the foregoing provisions of this section applies " there shall be substituted the words " to which neither the foregoing subsection nor the requirement imposed by the Finance Act, 1960, to send a spirits consignment note applies ".

(4) Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section two hundred and forty-three of the Act of 1952 (definition of Scotch whisky) shall apply for all purposes of customs and excise.

(5) For the purpose of applying them to spirits consignment notes, the provisions of the Act of 1952 specified in the First

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

423

Schedule to this Act shall be amended as provided in that Schedule.

(6) This section and the said First Schedule shall have effect as from the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and sixty.

4. —(1) Entertainments duty shall not be chargeable on payments for admission to any entertainment given after the passing of this Act, and accordingly the Entertainments Duty Act, 1958, and section three of the Finance Act, 1958, shall cease to have effect.

(2) Any entertainments duty which is unpaid at the passing of this Act, being duly chargeable on a payment for admission to an entertainment given after the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, shall be remitted, and where any entertainments duty so chargeable has been paid by any person before the passing of this Act that person shall be entitled to repayment thereof.

5. —(1) Each of the rates of the duties of customs and excise on tobacco shall be increased by three shillings and fourpence per pound; and accordingly Parts I and II of the First Schedule to the Finance Act, 1956, shall have effect as if for each of the rates specified therein there were specified a rate increased as aforesaid.

(2) In the case of tobacco in respect of which it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the increased duty chargeable by virtue of the foregoing subsection has been paid. Part III of the said First Schedule (which specifies the rates of drawback on tobacco) shall have effect as if each of the rates specified therein were increased as aforesaid.

(3) This section shall have effect as from the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty.

6. —(1) Any licence granted after the end of September, nineteen hundred and sixty, under section one hundred and eighty-seven of the Act of 1952 (tobacco dealers* licences) shall expire at the end of the third calendar year after that in which the licence was issued, and there shall be charged an excise duty of one pound on any such licence; and accordingly in the said section one hundred and eighty-seven the words from " and any such licence*’ in subsection (1) to the end of subsection (2), and paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section two hundred and thirty-seven of that Act (reduced duty on part-year tobacco licences for new dealers), shall not have effect as respects any such licence.

(2) An excise licence for the sale of intoxicating liquor granted under section one hundred and fifty-two (passenger aircraft) or one hundred and fifty-three (passenger vessels) of the Act of 1952 after the end of September, nineteen hundred and sixty, shall not authorise the sale of tobacco; but the Commissioners may grant a licence under section one hundred and eighty-seven

Part I

Repeal of

entertainments

duty.

Tobacco.

Tobacco

dealers'

licences.

424

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1

Mechanical

lighten.

of that Act to the proprietor of any passenger aircraft within the meaning of the said section one hundred and fifty-two or passenger vessel within the meaning of the said section one hundred and fifty-three, and where any such licence is granted the aircraft or vessel shall, for the purposes of any provision of Part IX of the Act of 1952 relating to excise licences, be deemed to be the premises in respect of which the licence is granted.

(3) It is hereby declared that the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of subsection (2) of this section.

7.—(1) As from the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and sixty, subsection (4) of section two hundred and twenty-one of the Act of 1952 (definition of "mechanical lighter" for customs and excise duty purposes) shall be amended by the substitution, for the words from " means " to the end, of the words " means any portable contrivance intended to provide a means of ignition, whether by spark, flame or otherwise, being a mechanical, chemical, electrical or similar contrivance"; and subject to the provisions of subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Import Duties Act, 1958 (which empowers the Treasury to vary or revoke orders under that Act) in heading 98.10 of the Customs Tariff, 1959, as set out in the Import Duties (General) Order, 1958, sub-heading (A) shall be amended as from the said day by the substitution, for the words from "intended" to " gas ", of the words " intended to provide a means of ignition, whether by spark, flame or otherwise ".

(2) As from the said fourth day of August, the excise duty on mechanical lighters (which by paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section six of the Finance Act, 1928, is charged on lighters which are complete or could be made complete by the addition of a flint, and on lighters sent out in an incomplete state from the premises of a manufacturer of mechanical lighters) shall in all cases be charged on lighters sent out from such premises, and accordingly in the said paragraph (6) for the words from "manufactured" to "incomplete state" there shall be substituted the words " sent out ".

(3) Where an officer finds that the number of mechanical lighters in the stock or possession of a manufacturer of mechanical lighters is less than the number of mechanical lighters which, according to records or other documents produced to him by the manufacturer in pursuance of the regulations of the Commissioners having effect under section two hundred and twenty-one of the Act of 1952, ought to be in the manufacturer’s stock or possession, then, except in so far as the deficiency is explained by the manufacturer to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, mechanical lighters to the number of the deficiency shall be deemed to have been sent out from the premises of the

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

425

manufacturer on (the day on which the deficiency first came to Part I the notice of the officer.

(4) The power of the Commissioners under subsection (1) of the said section two hundred and twenty-one to make regulations shall include, and be deemed always to have included, power to make regulations for requiring every manufacturer of mechanical lighters to give security by bond or otherwise for the keeping of such records as are mentioned in the foregoing subsection, and for the payment of all duty of excise payable by him.

(5) In the case of any mechanical lighter on which the excise duty became chargeable before it was sent out from the manufacturer’s premises, and which has not been sent out therefrom before the said fourth day of August,—

(a) the duty, if not paid before that day, shall be remitted;

(b) if the duty has been so paid, then, without prejudice to subparagraph (i) of paragraph if) of subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-one of the Act of 1952 (repayment of duty on lighters accidentally destroyed or damaged before removal from manufacturer’s premises), on the lighter being sent out from the manufacturer’s premises the duty paid shall be set off against the duty payable in accordance with subsection (2) of this section, and any necessary repayment or further payment shall be made by or to the Commissioners

8.—(1) The duties chargeable on playing cards under section Abolition of one of the Revenue Act, 1862, and under the Customs Tariff Act, duties on and 1876, shall cease to be chargeable; and section two hundred and licences far twenty-three of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952 (whichpUiying card*" requires a person manufacturing playing cards for sale to hold a licence under that section, and imposes a duty of excise on such licences) and section two hundred and twenty-four of that Act (which contains provisions relating to the securing and collecting of the said duties on playing cards) shall cease to have effect

(2) The foregoing subsection shall come into operation on the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and sixty.

(3) Any person who before the said fourth day of August has paid any sum on account of excise duty under the said section one in respect of a wrapper for playing cards supplied to him by the Commissioners shall be entitled to repayment of that sum—

(a) if the wrapper was unused on the said day, on his

surrendering it to the proper officer within three months from that day, or

(b) if the wrapper was used to wrap a pack of playing cards

before the said day, but the pack was not sent out

o*

426

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part I

Rebated heavy oils.

from the premises of that person before that day, on his producing the wrapped pack to the proper officer within three months as aforesaid and removing the wrapper in his presence.

(4) Where a person to whom the foregoing subsection applies—

Ka) has informed the Commissioners on or before the said fourth day of August, as regards any particular part of his stock of playing cards on that day which consists of packs wrapped as aforementioned before that day, that he would prefer those packs to be sent out from his premises with the wrappers on;

(b) has complied with any request which the Commissioners

may make to him to afford them facilities for taking account of his stock of playing cards as on that day; and

(c) has not on or after that day made any claim for repay-

ment of excise duty in respect of any pack of playing cards which (whether before or after that day) has been returned to his premises as spoiled or unfit for sale, the Commissioners may agree, subject to such conditions as they see fit to impose, to make repayments to him under the foregoing subsection in respect of the wrappers in question notwithstanding that those wrappers will not be removed as mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection, and in particular may make it a condition of their agreeing to do so that, as from the time of their so agreeing, the person shall not make any such claim for repayment of excise duty as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection.

9.—(1) For the purposes of the provisions of the customs and excise Acts relating to hydrocarbon oils, the presence in any heavy oils of any prescribed marker shall be conclusive evidence that rebate has been allowed on those oils.

(2) At the end of subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1959 (which provides that heavy oils are to be treated as used as fuel for a vehicle if they are used as fuel for the engine provided for propelling the vehicle or for an engine drawing its fuel from the same supply) there shall be added the words " or have been taken into the vehicle as part of that supply "; and where heavy oils are deemed to be used as fuel for a vehicle by virtue only of this subsection they shall be deemed to be so used by the owner of the vehicle and by any other person for the time being in charge of it

(3) The power of the Commissioners to make regulations under section one hundred and ninety-eight of the Act of 1952 shall include power to make regulations for any of the purposes specified in Fart 1 of the Second Schedule to tins Act; and in subsection (1) of this section "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by virtue of this subsection.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

427

(4) The provisions of Part II of the Second Schedule to this Past 1 Act shall have effect with respect to samples of heavy oils taken

in pursuance of regulations made by virtue of this section.

(5) Regulations under subsection (2) of section two hundred of the Act of 1952 (which relates to payments to the Commissioners in respect of rebate as a condition of the use of rebated oil as fuel for a vehicle) may provide for restricting (whether by reference to locality, the obtaining of a licence from the Commissioners, or other matters) the cases in which such payments are to be effective for the purposes of the subsection.

(6) Where a person contravenes the said subsection (2) in respect of any oils, then without prejudice to any penalty or forfeiture the Commissioners may recover from him an amount equal to the rebate on like oils at the rate in force at the time of the contravention.

(7) This section and the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect, in their application to a vehicle of which a person other than the owner is, or is for the time being, entitled to possession, as if for references to the owner there were substituted references to the person entitled to possession.

10. —(1) In subsection (4) of section six of the Import Duties Relaxation of Act, 1958 (under which a direction giving exemption from duty ter™s of certain is to be of no effect if the goods have been removed from ^ortDu^es Customs control without due notice to the Commissioners), for Act/l958.- the words " be of no effect " there shall be substituted the words

"have effect to such extent (if any) as the Commissioners of Customs and Excise (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Commissioners ’) may allow ".

(2) In subsection (3) of section seven of the said Act of 1958 (under which the Commissioners shall not exercise their power under that section of remitting or repaying duty except on a written application made by the importer before the articles are released from Customs control) after the word "importer " there shall be inserted the words " and an application for the exercise of that power must, except where the Commissioners otherwise allow, be made ".

11. —(1) In the definition of "hackney carriage" in section Vehicles twenty-seven of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949 (under which (ewjhe): a vehicle let for hire in the course of a trade is classified as a hackney carriage provided that it is not let for a period amount- mg to three months or more) the words from " provided that "

to " or more " are hereby repealed; but for the purposes of that definition a letting under a hire-purchase agreement (as defined in section twenty-one of the Hire-Purchase Act, 1938) shall not be treated as a letting on hire.

0*2

428

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1 (2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall affect the amount

of duty payable under the said Act of 1949 on any licence under that Act taken out before the passing of this Act

Vehicles 12.—(1) An order of the Minister of Transport under section

shortoeriod Finance Act 1958 (date and period of vehicle

Hcencesfor licences) may provide, in the case of a vehicle of such description, special vehicles, or of such description and used in such circumstances, as may be specified in the order, that if application is made therefor a licence under the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1949, may be issued for such period less than a month as may be prescribed by the order (instead of the period of a fixed number of months prescribed in accordance with subsection (1) of the said section seven).

(2) The rate of duty for a licence taken out in pursuance of an order made by virtue of this section shall be such as may be prescribed by the order, being a rate which bears to the rate on the corresponding annual licence no less proportion than the period for which the licence is (taken out bears to a year.

Use of motor

vehicle

unlicensed

during

compulsory

test.

13. In subsection (1) of section eight of the Finance Act, 1958 (which permits the use of a motor vehicle unlicensed on its way to or from a compulsory test), after paragraph (a) there shall be inserted the following paragraph—

" (aa) in (the course of a compulsory test, for the purpose of taking it to, or bringing it away from, any place where a part of the test is to be or, as the case may be, has been carried out, or of carrying out any part of the test, the person so using it being either—

(i) a person authorised as an examiner or appointed as an inspector under section one of the Road Traffic Act, 1956, or acting on behalf of a person so authorised, or

(ii) a person acting under the personal direction of such a person as aforesaid; or "

Vehicles 14.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect where

(excise): under subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Vehicles (Excise)

chajrofor new ^ct, 1949 (which imposes a higher rate of duty in certain circum-sB^fAct stances where the condition of a vehicle or the use made of it is

of 1949. altered while a licence under that Act is in force in respect of

the vehicle), an existing licence is exchanged for a new licence, and the date on which the higher rate of duty becomes chargeable falls after the end of September, nineteen hundred and sixty.

(2) The payment to be made on the exchange shall, instead of being of the amount specified in that subsection, be equal to the appropriate proportion of the difference between—

(a) the amount payable under that Act on the original licence, and

1960

Finance A; 1960

Ch. 44

429

(b) the amount payable under that Act on a licence taken p* \ out for the period for which the original licence was issued but at the higher rate of duty, that amount being calculated, if that rate has been changed since the issue of the original licence, as if that rate had been in force at all material times at the level at which it is in force when it becomes chargeable.

(3) For the purposes of this section the appropriate proportion is the proportion which the number of months in the period beginning when the higher rate of duty becomes chargeable and ending with the end of the period for which the original licence was issued bears to the number of months in the whole of the last-mentioned period, any incomplete month being treated as a whole month.

Part II Income Tax

15. Income tax for the year 1960-61 shall be charged at the Charge of standard rate of seven shillings and ninepence in the pound, and income tax for in the case of an individual whose total income exceeds two 1960-61. thousand pounds, at such higher rates in respect of the excess

as Parliament may hereafter determine.

16. —(1) In section four hundred and eighty-six of the Income Amendment of

Tax Act, 1952 (which limits to five shillings and sixpence in

the pound the exoneration from tax of a payee under a pre-war of 1952, provision for a tax-free payment) for the words " appropriate

fraction " wherever they occur in subsections (1) to (3) there shall be substituted the words " appropriate proportion ", and for subsection (5) (which, except as respects the year 1959-60, defines M appropriate fraction " as the fraction of which the denominator is twenty-nine and the numerator is twenty-nine less one for every complete sixpence in the pound by which the standard rate for the year exceeds five shillings and sixpence) there shall be substituted—

" (5) In this section ‘ the appropriate proportion * means, in relation to any year of assessment, the proportion which the difference between twenty shillings in the pound and the standard rate of income tax for the year bears to fourteen shillings and sixpence in the pound ".

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as respects payments falling to be made at any time after the beginning of the year 1960-61.

17.—(1) This section applies— Additional

(a) to widows, widowers and other persons who are not ^dows and entitled for the year of assessment to the higher (married others in persons) relief under subsection (1) of section two respect of

children.

430

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

Increase of reliefs for housekeeper, dependent relative, etc.

hundred and ten of the Act of 1952, except that it does not apply to a woman who is not a widow unless throughout the year of assessment she was either in full-time employment or engaged full-time in some trade, profession or vocation or totally incapacitated by physical or mental infirmity; and

(b) to any married man who is entitled for the year of assessment to the higher relief aforesaid but whose wife was throughout that year totally incapacitated by physical or mental infirmity.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, if the claimant, being a person to whom this section applies, proves in the case of a year of assessment,—

(a) that he is entitled to relief under section two hundred

and twelve of the Act of 1952 in respect of a child resident with him, and

(b) that he is not entitled to any relief under section two

hundred and fourteen, fifteen or eighteen of the Act of 1952, and either that no other individual is entitled to such relief in respect of the charge and care of that child or that his claim thereto has been relinquished,

he shall be entitled to a deduction from the amount of income tax with which he is chargeable equal to tax at the standard rate on forty pounds.

(3) The enactments relating to income tax, and in pardcuhr Part VIII of the Act of 1952, shall have effect as if thus section were contained in the said Part VIII immediately after section two hundred and eighteen, and references to that section and the relief thereunder in subsections (4) and (5) thereof (apportionment of reliefs) and section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1957 (effect of personal allowances on surtax) shall include references to this section and the relief under this section.

(4) This section shall not be deemed to have required any change in the amounts deducted or repaid under section one hundred and fifty-seven (pay as you earn) of the Act of 1952 before the twenty-second day of June, nineteen hundred and sixty.

18.—(1) In sections two hundred and fourteen, fifteen, sixteen and eighteen of the Act of 1952 (housekeepers, dependent relatives and others) for references to sixty pounds there shall be substituted references to seventy-five pounds, and correspondingly in the said section two hundred and sixteen for the reference to one hundred and ninety-five pounds there shall be substituted a reference to two hundred and ten pounds.

(2) This section shall not be deemed to have required any change in the amounts deducted or repaid under section one

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

431

hundred and fifty-seven (pay as you earn) of the Act of 1952 Part D before the twenty-second day of June, nineteen hundred and sixty.

19.—(1) For the year of assessment in which the graduated contribution scheme comes into operation and subsequent years twjS the following provisions of this section shall have effect in sub- {^TratKy stitution for subsection (2) of section three hundred and seventy- contributions, seven of the Act of 1952 (deduction from income for National Insurance contributions):

Provided that this section shall not affect any deduction in respect of employer’s contributions.

(2) A claimant who proves that he is a contributor of any description specified in the first column of Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act shall be entitled, subject to the provisions of Part II of that Schedule, to a deduction from the amount of tax with which he is chargeable equal to tax at the standard rate on the amount specified in relation to that description in the second column of the said Part I.

(3) Where a claimant proves that he has his wife living with him, and that she is a contributor of any description specified m Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act, he shall be entitled to the like deduction from tax (in addition to any deduction under subsection (2) of this section to which he is entitled) as the wife would have been entitled to apart from section three hundred and fifty-four of the Act of 1952 (tax on husbands and wives), or where the husband proves the matters aforesaid as respects part only of the year of assessment, to the deduction to which the wife would have been so entitled if she had not been a contributor of any description specified in the said Part I during the remainder of the year; and—

(a) in paragraph (c) of subsection (5) of section two

hundred and twenty of the Act of 1952 (reduced rate relief) for the words from " under section three hundred and seventy-seven " to the end there shall be substituted the words "under subsection (3) of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1960 ";

(b) where the wife has earned income for the year, the deduction under this subsection shall go, so far as may be, to reduce the tax chargeable on that income;

(c) section three hundred and fifty-eight of the Act of 1952

(consequences as respects personal allowances of exercise of option for separate assessment) shall apply in relation to relief under this section as it applies in relation to relief under section two hundred and nineteen or two hundred and twenty-five of that Act, but as if in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of the said section three hundred and fifty-eight for the words

432

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part II " according as he or she made the payment giving rise

to the relief " there were substituted the words "according as it was his or her liability to pay, or payment of, contributions which gave rise to the relief " and as if in the proviso to that subsection the reference to subsection (3) of section three hundred and fifty-four of the Act of 1952 included a reference to paragraph (b) of this subsection;

() in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1957 (allowance of personal reliefs for purposes of surtax where husband and wife are separately assessed), at the end of sub-paragraph (i) there shall be inserted the following—

" (ia) the amount (if any) added to the deduction in respect of relief under section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1960, shall be treated as reducing the income of the husband or the wife according as it was his or her liability to pay, or payment of, contributions which gave rise to the relief; ",

and accordingly for the word "sub-paragraph " in sub-paragraph (ii) there shall be substituted the word "subparagraphs", and for the words "sub-paragraphs (D and (ii)" there shall be substituted the words "sub-paragraphs (i) to (ii) ".

(4) In subsection (1) of section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1957 (under which certain reliefs specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) thereof by reference to the enactments conferring them are allowable for purposes of surtax) at the end of paragraph (c) there shall be inserted the following—

"and

" () subsection (2) or (3) of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1960 (relief for National Insurance contributions); "

(5) The enactments relating to income tax, and in particular Part VIII of the Act of 1952, shall have effect as if subsections (1) to (3) of this section were contained in the said Part Vm between sections two hundred and eighteen and two hundred and nineteen.

(6) In this section and in the Third Schedule to this Act references to a contributor of any description shall be construed as references to a person liable to pay (directly or by deductions from remuneration) contributions under the National Insurance Act of the amount appropriate to that description, or a person entitled to pay such contributions who pays them, except that any married woman or widow who as such is by virtue of regulations

1960

Finance A 1960

Ch. 44

433

under the National Insurance Act not required to pay oontribu- Paw n tions shall nevertheless be treated as a contributor and an employed person while she is an employed person and either is under pensionable age or has not retired from regular employment; and other expressions have the same meanings as for the purposes of the National Insurance Act.

(7) In subsection (1) of ithis section the reference to the coming into operation of the graduated contribution scheme—

(a) in relation to a person whose liability to pay contribu-

tions arises, or who pays contributions, under the National Insurance Act, 1946, is a reference to the beginning of the week appointed under paragraph ib) of subsection (1) of section one of the National Insurance Act, 1959,

(b) in relation to a person whose liability to pay contribu-

tions arises, or who pays contributions, under the National Insurance Act (Northern Ireland), 1946, is a reference to the beginning of the week appointed under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of the National Insurance Act (Northern Ireland), 1959.

20.—(1) Losses (including amounts in respect of allowances Restriction of which by virtue of section twenty of the Finance Act, 1954, relief for are to be treated as losses, being allowances in respect oflosses* expenditure incurred after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty) in respect of which, apart from this section and on the assumption that the applicant’s aggregate income was sufficient, relief could be given for the year 1960-61 or any subsequent year of assessment under section three hundred and forty-one of the Act of 1952 (relief from tax by deducting losses of a trade from aggregate income of same year) as originally enacted shall not be available for relief under that section, or that section as extended by subsection (3) of section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1953 (relief under section three hundred and forty-one for losses of previous year), unless it is shown that the trade was being carried on for that year of assessment on a commercial basis and with a view to the realisation of profits in the trade or, where the carrying on of the trade formed part of a larger undertaking, in the undertaking as a whole:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a loss made, or an allowance in respect of expenditure incurred, by a local authority (within the meaning of section one hundred and seventy-one of the Act of 1952) or by any person in the exercise of functions conferred by or under any enactment (including an enactment contained in a local or private Act). 2

(2) Losses shall be disregarded in computing deficit or surplus for tax purposes under section twenty of the Finance Act, 1953

434

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n (subvention payments) for any accounting period ending in the year 1960-61 or in any subsequent year of assessment unless it is shown that the trade was being carried on for that accounting period on a commercial basis and with a view to the realisation of profits by the company carrying on the trade, or that company and its associated company or companies taken together.

The foregoing provisions of this subsection shall apply to allowances under Part X (except Chapter IV thereof) or Part XI of the Act of 1952 in respect of expenditure incurred after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, as they apply to losses.

(3) Where during a year of assessment or accounting period there is a change in the manner in which a trade is being carried on, it shall be treated for the purposes of this section as having been carried on throughout the year or period, as the case may be, in the way in which it was being carried on by the end of the year or period.

(4) Subject to the following subsection, where a trade is, or falls to be treated as being, carried on for part only of a year of assessment or accounting period by reason of its being, or falling to be treated as being, set up and commenced, or discontinued, or both, in that year or period, the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to that trade as regards that part of that year or period as if any reference to the manner of carrying on the trade for or by the end of that year or period were a reference to - the manner of carrying it on for or by the end of the said part thereof.

(5) Where in any year of assessment or accounting period there is a change in the persons engaged in carrying on a trade, then, for the purposes of the application of the foregoing provisions of this section in the case of any person who, being engaged in carrying on the trade immediately before the change, continues to be so engaged immediately after it, the trade carried on by that person immediately before the change shall be treated as continuing to be carried on by him notwithstanding the change, whether or not it falls to be treated for any other purpose as having been discontinued on the change.

(6) For the purposes of this section the fact that a trade was being carried on at any time so as to afford a reasonable expectation of profit shall be conclusive evidence that it was then being carried on with a view to the realisation of profits.

(7) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to professions and vocations as they apply to trades, and references to a commercial basis shall be construed accordingly.

(8) Section one hundred and forty-two of the Act of 1952 (setting off of losses against profits of another business) shall not have effect as respects losses of any accounting period ending after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

435

21*—(1) Where in the case of a company carrying on— Part Ii

(a) a trade of dealing in securities or land or buildings, or of Sale of shares

developing land, or

(b) any other trade such that the value of any one object companies

which forms part of or constitutes the trading stock belonging to the company at the time of the sale hereinafter mentioned amounts to one-fifth or more of the value of the net assets of the company,

shares in the company are sold after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, to a person who has, or in consequence of the sale will have, control of the company, and apart from this section the consideration would not be a receipt of an income nature in the hands of the seller, the following provisions shall have effect

(2) If on the surveyor certifying to the Commissioners having jurisdiction in the matter particulars showing that the case falls within the foregoing subsection, and giving notice thereof in writing to the seller, it is not shown to the satisfaction of those Commissioners that all trading stock belonging to the company at the time of the sale has been or will be disposed of either in the course of its trade or to a person carrying on a trade such that the stock will be trading stock in his hands, the consideration shall be deemed to be income of the seller (and, if the seller is a company to which section two hundred and forty-five of the Act of 1952 (surtax on undistributed income of certain companies) applies, to be investment income) up to the amount specified in the next following subsection, and shall be chargeable under Case VI of Schedule D accordingly.

(3) Subject to the next following subsection, the said amount is the appropriate proportion of the amount (if any) of profits or gains of the company chargeable to tax which would have been produced by the company receiving, at the time of the sale, consideration for the sale of its trading stock equal to the following amount, that is to say, the amount of the proper consideration for all the issued shares in the company—

(a) reduced by any excess of the aggregate of the values specified in subsection (5) of this section over the aggregate liabilities of the company at the time of the sale, or

(b) increased by any excess of the said aggregate liabilities

over the aggregate of the said values. 4

(4) Where the said amount exceeds the difference between the actual consideration for the sale of the shares and the consideration for which the seller bought them (or, if he acquired

436

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part II them otherwise than by buying them, their value on a sale in the open market at the time when he acquired them), and—

(a) immediately before the time of the sale the shares

belonging to the seller amounted to less than five per cent, of the shares issued by the company (regard being had to any differences in the nature of the shares or the rights attaching thereto), or

(b) subsection (2) of this section has had effect, in relation

to all or any of the same trading stock on a previous sale of the shares,

then if not later than six years after the end of the year of assessment the seller applies in writing to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for relief, and, in the case of an application made only by virtue of paragraph (a) of this subsection, shows to the satisfaction of those Commissioners that he did not acquire his shares in pursuance of arrangements for transferring control of the company to another person, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall give, by repayment or otherwise, such relief (if any) as may be reasonable and just.

Any applicant aggrieved by a decision of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under this subsection may, on giving notice in writing within thirty days after the notification of the decision, appeal to the General Commissioners having jurisdiction in the matter of the assessment under this section, or if he so elects to the Special Commissioners, and the provisions of the Act of 1952 relating to such an appeal (including the provisions relating to the statement of a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point of law) shall apply with any necessary modification.

(5) The values referred to in paragraphs (a) and ( of subsection (3) of this section are the following, that is to say—

(a) the value of any assets of the company in respect of

which capital allowances have been made (which shall be taken to be the amount of the capital expenditure of the company on the construction or provision of the assets unallowed as at the time of the sale),

(b) the value of the goodwill of the business of the company,

to the extent (if any) that consideration was given therefor on a transaction between independent persons dealing at arm’s length, and

(c) the value at the time of the sale of other assets of the

company not being trading stock, ascertained as on a sale in die open market.

(6) For the purposes of this section the proper consideration for all the issued shares in a company shall be the actual consideration for the sale of shares mentioned in subsection <1) of

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

437

this section increased (unless that sale was of all the issued shares) in the proportion which the total number of issued shares bears to the number of shares sold:

Provided that where the issued shares of the company are not all of the same nature or do not all have the same rights attaching thereto and the said sale was not of all the issued shares, the proper consideration for all the issued shares in the company shall be ascertained for the purposes of this section by aggregating the value of the trading stock of the company, ascertained as on a sale in the open market at the time of the sale of shares, and the values mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) of the foregoing subsection and deducting therefrom the aggregate amount of the liabilities of the company at that time.

(7) For the purposes of subsection (3) of this section the appropriate proportion, in relation to any sale of shares, is the proportion which the actual consideration for that sale bears to the proper consideration for all issued shares in the company, so however that where the proviso to the foregoing subsection has effect the appropriate proportion is such proportion as may be just having regard to the number and nature of the shares sold and the rights attaching thereto, as compared with the number and nature of all the issued shares in the company and the rights or different rights attaching thereto.

(8) Any tax chargeable on the seller by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section and not paid by him shall be recoverable from the company, and where the seller is an individual the amount which (by virtue of subsection (2) of this section) is deemed to be income of his shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection to be the highest part of his income.

(9) The following provisions shall have effect where in pursuance of this subsection a person proposing to sell shares in such circumstances that the sale would fall within subsection (1) of this section and the person proposing to buy the shares furnish to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue particulars of the proposed transaction, that is to say:—

(a) if the Commissioners are of opinion that the particulars, or any further information furnished in pursuance of this paragraph, are not sufficient for the purposes of this subsection, they shall within thirty days of the receipt thereof notify to the said persons what further information they require for those purposes, and unless that further information is furnished to the Commissioners within thirty days from the notification or such further time as the Commissioners may allow they shall not be required to proceed further under this subsection;

(b) subject to the foregoing paragraph, the Commissioners shall within thirty days of the receipt of the particulars.

Part D

438

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eijz. 2

Part n

or where that paragraph has effect of all further information required, notify the said persons whether the Commissioners are satisfied that the trading stock will be disposed of as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section;

and if the Commissioners notify the said persons that they are so satisfied, the surveyor shall not give a certificate under subsection (2) of this section in respect of a sale of shares in the company by the one of the said persons to the other which is carried out within six months after the notification by the Commissioners.

(10) Where under subsection (1) of this section any amount would have been deemed to be income of the seller if subsection (2) of this section had had effect, and on the sixth anniversary of the sale any asset which was trading stock of the company at the time of the sale, or any part of or interest in such an asset, is still held by the company, then, unless the company has ceased to carry on the trade or it is shown to the satisfaction of the said Commissioners that the retention of the asset was for bona fide reasons connected with the trade, income of the like amount shall be deemed to have been received by the company on the said anniversary and shall be chargeable under Case VI of Schedule D accordingly.

(11) If after the sale of the shares any receipts accrue (whether in money or in money’s worth) from the sale of stock which was trading stock of the company at the time of the sale of the shares, or as the result of any other dealing with any of that trading stock, or any dealing with anything constructed, produced or derived therefrom, or by way of compensation for (including insurance moneys payable in respect of) the loss or destruction of or damage to any such trading stock or anything constructed, produced or derived therefrom, the receipts shall be disregarded for income tax purposes if and to the extent that it is just so to do having regard to any tax charged under the foregoing provisions of this section (being tax charged at the standard rate):

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as requiring receipts to be disregarded in so far as they are in the nature of rent or hire.

(12) If after the sale of the shares, in a case not falling within the proviso to subsection (6) of this section, a balancing charge falls to be made in respect of any asset of the company falling within paragraph (a) of subsection (5) of this section, the amount on which the charge is made shall not exceed the aggregate of—

(a) the appropriate proportion of what would have been the maximum amount of the balancing charge if the asset had been bought by the company at the time of the sale of the shares for a price equal to the amount

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

439

unallowed at the time of the sale of the capital expendi- Part n ture actually incurred by the company on the construction or provision of the asset, the said maximum amount being ascertained on the footing that no initial allowance fell to be made, and

(b) the amount which apart from this subsection would be the maximum amount of the balancing charge less the appropriate proportion of that amount.

(13) In this section " the Commissioners having jurisdiction in the matter ", in relation to any sale of shares in a company, means the Commissioners having jurisdiction with respect to the making of assessments under Schedule D on the company or, if more than one body of Commissioners has such jurisdiction, such of those bodies as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may direct; and the Commissioners having jurisdiction in the matter shall in any case have jurisdiction with respect to the making of an assessment on the seller in respect of any amount in respect of which he is chargeable under this section.

22.—(1) Where the activities of a company consist of or Provisions include the erection or the securing of the erection of a building, f5 to certain and after the erection has begun and not later than six years ^mmmes after its completion shares in die company are sold to a person ^t ferrying who has, or in consequence of the sale will have, control of the on a trade, company, then if at the time of the sale the company has (direcdy or indirecdy) an interest in the building and the value of that interest, or the aggregate value of that interest and any interest which the company so has at that time in any other building (not being a building completed more than six years before that time) the erection of which was carried out or secured by the company, amounts to one-fifth or more of the net assets of the company, it shall be treated for the purposes of the foregoing section as carrying on a trade of which the interest or interests are trading stock, whether or not apart from this subsection it would be so treated, and if apart from this subsecdon it would not be so treated such proportion of the expenses of the company as may be just shall be treated as expenses of that trade:

Provided that this subsecdon shall not apply if—

to) the shares in the company are sold by a person or persons to another company and the shares in each company are held (direcdy or indirecdy) by the same person or by the same persons in the same proportion, or (b) the shares are sold by one company to another company and the shares in each company are held (direcdy or indirecdy) by the same person or by the same persons in the same proportion,

regard being had in each case to any differences in the nature of the shares or the rights attaching thereto.

440

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n (2) Where before the sale of shares mentioned in the foregoing subsection the company—

(a) has sold its interest in the building or any such other

building as aforesaid to the person who is the purchaser of the shares or (if that person is a company) to an associated company, or

(b) has created an interest in the building or any such other building as aforesaid in favour of that person or any such associated company, or

(c) has sold or created such an interest to or in favour of

any person, and the purchaser of the shares or any such associated company acquires the interest, either before the sale of the shares or after the sale in pursuance of arrangements made not later than the sale,

the foregoing subsection shall apply as if the interest sold were still vested in the first-mentioned company at the time of the sale of the shares, or, as the case may be, as if the interest had not been created as mentioned in paragraph (b) or (c) of this subsection, and as if any assets of the company representing the consideration for the sale or creation of the interest were not assets of the company.

(3) Where a building has been or has begun to be erected by a company on land belonging to an associated company, and after the erection has been begun and not later than six years after its completion a person acquires control of the first company, then as respects sales to that person of shares in the company owning the land (whether effected before or after that person acquires control of the first company) the foregoing subsections shall apply as they apply to such a company as is therein mentioned but with the substitution for references to an interest in the building of references to an interest in the land. 4

(4) Where a company not carrying on a trade, but of which the activities consist of or include the erection or the securing of the erection of a building, is wound up, and the commencement of the winding up falls at a time after the erection has begun and not later than six years after its completion, then if immediately before that time the company had (directly or indirectly) an interest in the building and the value of the interest or the aggregate value of the interest and any interest which the company so had immediately before that time in any other building (not being a building completed more than six years before that time) the erection of which was carried out or secured by the company, amounted to one-fifth or more of the net assets of the company, the company shall be treated for income tax purposes as having received immediately before that time untaxed profits, chargeable under Case VI of Schedule D,

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

441

of an amount equal to the amount (if any) of profits or gains of Part 11 the company chargeable to tax which would have been produced by a sale of the interest or interests in the open market immediately before that time if the company had erected or secured the erection of the building or buildings in the course of a trade carried on by it and if such proportion of the expenses of the company as may be just had been expenses of that trade:

Provided that where all the shares in the company belong to another company, that other company may, by notice in writing given to the surveyor within one year after the commencement of the winding up, elect that if in the winding up the company acquires the interest or interests of the subsidiary company in the building or buildings, the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not apply and shall be deemed not to have applied, but that if the acquiring company sells the interest or any of the interests, or grants an interest thereout, or sells an interest created thereout, that company shall be chargeable to income tax under Case VI of Schedule D on the amount which would have been its profit if the interest or interests it acquired had been trading stock acquired for the amount which under the foregoing provisions of this subsection (if they had had effect) would have been deductible in ascertaining the amount of profits or gains chargeable to tax referred to in those provisions; and if the company elects as aforesaid it shall be treated for the purpose of subsections (1) and (4) of this section as if its activities had included the erection of the building or buildings, whether or not it would otherwise have been so treated.

(5) For the purposes of this section there shall be disregarded any building provided for use, and brought into use, for the purposes of a bona fide trade .carried on by the company, other than a trade of dealing in securities or land or buildings, or of developing land, or of the provision of services for the occupier of land an interest in which is held by the company.

(6) For the purposes of the foregoing subsections an uncompleted building shall be taken to include so much of any materials belonging to the company as are required for erecting the budding, and a building (whether complete or not) shall be taken to include its site.

23.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where— Application

(a) a company •(" the first company ") is such that section 21 and

twenty-one of this Act, or that section as extended by of shares subsection (1) of section twenty-two of this Act, would holding apply if shares in the company were sold to a person companies, who has, or in consequence of the sale would have, control of the company; and

(b) shares in that company belong (either directly or through a nominee) to another company ("the second company "); and

442

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

(c) shares in the second company are at any time (‘the relevant time ") sold to a person who has, or in consequence of the sale will have, control of the first company; and

() all the issued shares in the second company at the relevant time are of the same nature and carry the same rights,

the appropriate number of shares in the first company shall be treated for the purposes of the said section twenty-one and of subsection (1) of the said section twenty-two as having been sold at the relevant time to the person mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection by the seller of the shares mentioned in that paragraph for a consideration equal to the amount specified in subsection (3) of this section.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection, the appro priate number of shares in the first company is the number arrived at by multiplying the total number of shares in the first company which at the relevant time belonged (as aforesaid) to the second company by the fraction of which the numerator is the number of shares in the second company sold as mentioned in paragraph (c) of that subsection and the denominator is the total number of the issued shares in the second company at the relevant time.

(3) The amount referred to in subsection (1) of this section is the amount of the consideration for the sale mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section—

(a) reduced by the amount arrived at by multiplying by the

fraction specified in the foregoing subsection any excess of the value specified in the following subsection over the aggregate liabilities of the second company at the relevant time, or

(b) increased by the amount arrived at by multiplying by

the said fraction any excess of the said aggregate liabilities over the said value.

(4) The value referred to in the foregoing subsection is the value at the relevant time of all the assets of the second company other than the shares in the first company belonging (as aforesaid) to it at that time, ascertained as on a sale in the open market

(5) Where, in the circumstances described in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1) of this section, all the issued shares in the second company at the relevant time are not of the same nature or do not carry the same rights, the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as if paragraph of subsection

(1) were omitted and for the fraction specified in subsection (2) there were substituted such fraction as may be just having regard to the number and nature of the shares in the second company which were sold as mentioned in the said paragraph (c) and the

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

443

rights attaching thereto, as compared with the number and Part n nature of all the issued shares in the second company at the relevant time and the rights or different rights attaching thereto, any reference to the first-mentioned fraction being construed accordingly,

(6) Where, in the circumstances described in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1) of this section—

(a) the second company is itself such a company as is

mentioned in the said paragraph (a), and

(b) the person to whom the shares in the second company

are sold has, or in consequence of the sale will have, control of the second company,

the provisions of section twenty-one and, where applicable, of subsection (1) of section twenty-two of this Act, and the foregoing provisions of this section, shall all apply.

(7) Where, instead of shares in the second company being sold as mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section, the sale is of shares in a company (" the last company ") which, through a series of companies, has an indirect interest in the shares of the first company, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply with such modifications as may be necessary in relation to each company (being either the first company, the last company, or one of the series of companies) of which the person to whom the shares in the last company are sold either has control at the time of the sale or will have control in consequence of it.

24.—(1) Where sales of associated parcels of shares in a Supplementary company, being sales to the same person, take place at different provisions as times, and in consequence of any of the sales other than the to 21 to 23, first that person obtains control of the company, then for the purposes of any of the three foregoing sections any sales earlier than that in consequence of which he obtains control (not being sales effected before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty) shall be treated as having all taken place at the time of that sale.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection parcels of shares shall be treated as associated if (either directly or through a nominee) they belong respectively to the same person or two or more related persons, or to two or more persons carrying on business in partnership; and for the purposes of this subsection shares shall be treated as belonging to a person—

(a) if they belong to a company under his control, or

(b) if they are held by trustees in consequence of a settle-

ment (as defined in section four hundred and three of the Act of 1952) in relation to which he is the settlor (as so defined), or

444

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

Part II

Transactions

between

associated

dealing

companies

and other

companies.

(c) in the case of a .person carrying on business in partnership, if they belong to a person related to him, and two or more persons shall be deemed to be related if each of them, as respects each of (the others, is a relative (that is to say an ancestor, lineal descendant, brother or sister), or the husband or wife of a relative, of that other or of the husband or wife of that other.

(3) Where a person acquires control of a company at any time,—

(a) any sale of shares in the company, whether to that

person or to a person from whom he acquires the shares directly or indirectly, which took place before that time and was effected in pursuance of arrangements for transferring control of the company, or

(b) any sale of shares in the company to another person

from whom the first-mentioned person acquired them, directly or indirectly, being a sale which took place after that time and was effected in pursuance of arrangements for transferring the shares to the first-mentioned person, shall be treated for the purposes of the three foregoing sections as a sale in consequence of which the immediate purchaser will have control of the company.

(4) For the purposes of this and the three foregoing sections a sale to a company under a person's control, or to his nominee, shall be treated as a sale to him, and the creation of an interest in favour of a company under a person's control, or in favour of his nominee, shall be treated as the creation of the interest in his favour.

(5) For the purposes aforesaid two or more persons acting together to secure or exercise control of a company shall be treated in relation to that company as a single person.

(6) Where a sale of shares is effected in pursuance of a previous agreement, the time of the sale shall be taken for the purposes of the three foregoing sections and of the foregoing provisions of this section to be the time of the making of & agreement.

25.—(1) Where after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, and otherwise than in pursuance of an agreement made on or before that day a company, not being a dealing company,—

(a) acquires from an associated company, being a dealing company, any assets being trading stock of the dealing company and not being securities which are shown to have been acquired in pursuance of an offer for sale to the public made by that company and in the allotment of which no preference was given to associated companies, and subsequently disposes of those assets, or

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

445

(b) otherwise disposes of an asset to an associated company. Part D being a dealing company,

any profit which the first-mentioned company makes out of the transaction shall be deemed to be income (and, if that company is a company to which section two hundred and forty-five of the Act of 1952 (surtax on undistributed income of certain companies) applies, to be investment income) of that company and chargeable with income tax under Case VI of Schedule D:

Provided that where, in the case of any such acquisition of assets by a company as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection or any such disposal of assets by a company as is mentioned in paragraph (b) thereof, the assets fall by virtue of a direction under section four hundred and sixty-nine of the Act of 1952 (sales etc. between associated persons) to be treated in computing the profits of the other associated company for income tax purposes as having been sold for a price other than that actually paid, the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall have effect as if the assets had been acquired or, as the case may be, disposed of for that other price instead of for the price actually paid for them.

(2) Where the disposal by the first-mentioned company of the assets acquired from the dealing company is to another associated company, and that company is not a dealing company, then that company and any other associated company subsequently acquiring the asset shall be treated for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection as if it had acquired the asset from an associated company being a dealing company:

Provided that this subsection shall not by virtue of the said disposal apply to any acquisition after the asset has been acquired by an associated company being a dealing company or by a person not being an associated company.

(3) Where a company, not being a dealing company, acquires as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section any assets being shares in or debentures of a body corporate, or by virtue of subsection (2) of this section falls to be treated as if it had so acquired any such assets, and shares in or debentures of the same or any other body corporate are issued, or any right to acquire any such shares or debentures is granted, to the company as the holder of the first mentioned shares or debentures, the company shall be treated for the purposes of the said paragraph (a) as if it had acquired the shares or debentures so issued, or the right granted, from an associated company being a dealing company.

In this subsection the reference to an issue being made or right being granted to the company as the holder of shares or debentures shall be taken to include any case in which an issue or grant is made to the "company as having been the holder

446

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n of those shares or debentures, or is made to it in pursuance of an offer or invitation made to it as being or having been the holder of those shares or debentures, or of an offer or invitation in connection with which any preference is given to it as being or having been the holder thereof.

(4) Where a dealing company becomes entitled to a deduction, in computing the profits or gains of the company for income tax purposes for a period ending after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, in respect of the depreciation in the value of any right subsisting against an associated company, not being a dealing company, or where a dealing company makes any payment to such an associated company, being a payment in respect of which the dealing company is entitled to a deduction in computing its profits or gains as aforesaid, and the depreciation or payment is not brought into account in computing the profits or gains of the company not being a dealing company, that company shall be deemed to have received on the last day of the period income of an amount equal to the amount of the deduction and shall be chargeable in respect thereof under Case VI of Schedule D:

Provided that—

(a) where the company not being a dealing company is

carrying on a trade, the said income shall, if the company so elects, not be so chargeable but shall be deemed to have been a receipt of the trade, or, if the company is carrying on more than one trade, to have been a receipt of such one of the trades as the company may choose, and, if the company is an Overseas Trade Corporation, to have been trading income;

(b) where the said company is carrying on, or was formed to carry on, a trade, then if die said right subsisting against the company was a right to the repayment of moneys lent for meeting expenditure which has proved (in whole or in part) abortive, or the payment to the company was made for meeting such expenditure, and the expenditure is such that the company is not entitled in respect thereof to any allowance or deduction in computing losses or gains, this subsection shall not apply in so far as the expenditure proved abortive.

(5) Where an investment company is in liquidation, and the liquidator effects any disposal of an asset in respect of which the company would have been chargeable under subsection (1) of this section if the disposal had been effected by the company, the liquidator shall be chargeable with tax in like manner and to the like extent, and the profit in respect of which he is so chargeable shall be deemed to be income of the company arising since the commencement of the winding up.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

447

(6) Any loss which a company, not being a dealing company. Part n sustains in any transaction falling within subsection (1) of this section by virtue of paragraph (a) thereof shall be treated as being a loss to which section three hundred and forty-six of the Act of 1952 (relief in respect of losses in transactions die profits of which would be chargeable under Case VI of Schedule D) applies, so however that relief under that section for any loss to which that section applies by virtue of this subsection shall be given only to the extent that that loss can be deducted from or set off against profits arising from other transactions falling within subsection (1) of this section by virtue of paragraph (a) thereof.

26.—(1) Where a person who has control of an investment Sale of shares company sells shares in the company to a dealing company of in investment which he has control, and— a^dated°

(a) the shares were acquired by the seller after the beginning dealing com-

of the year 1960-61, or the rights attached to the shares pany.

were altered after the beginning of that year, or

(b) at the time of the sale he had shares so acquired similar

in number and rights to the shares sold by him,

the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall have effect.

(2) If apart from this section the consideration for the sale of the shares would not be a receipt of an income nature in the hands of the seller, it shall be deemed to be income of his (and, if the seller is a company to which section two hundred and forty-five of tie Act of 1952 (surtax on undistributed income of certain companies) applies, to be investment income) up to the amount specified in the next following subsection, or, if the seller so elects, up to the full amount of the said consideration reduced by the amount of the consideration (if any) paid for the shares or for the alteration of the rights, and shall be chargeable under Case VI of Schedule D accordingly.

(3) The said amount is the amount of the profit which would have been made by the investment company if, at the time of the sale of the shares, it had sold to the dealing company, for the consideration paid for the shares, such proportion of all its assets as is properly apportionable to the shares, having regard to the number ana nature of the shares sold and the rights attaching thereto, as compared with the number and nature of all shares in the investment company and the rights or different rights attaching thereto.

(4) Where a person sells shares in an investment company to a dealing company, and he and one or more other persons together have control of both companies, then if each of the other persons sells or has sold shares in the investment company to the dealing

448

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n company and paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) of this section applies in relation to all of the sales, the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall have effect in relation to each of the sales.

(5) References in subsection (1) or (4) of this section to the sale of shares to such a dealing company as is therein mentioned include references to the sale of the shares to a person not being such a dealing company in any case where the shares are subsequently acquired by such a dealing company in pursuance of arrangements for their eventual acquisition by it made not later than the sale to the said person, and in any such case the shares shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to have been sold to the said person for the consideration paid for them by the dealing company.

Sale of

securities

cum-dividend.

27.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where—

(a) under a contract for the sale of securities the seller is

required to pay to the purchaser the amount of a periodical payment of interest on the securities, and

(b) the seller does not satisfy the following condition, that

is to say that he is entitled to that payment of interest either as the registered holder of the securities or from a person from whom the seller purchased them,

subsections (2) and (3) of section one hundred and seventy of the Act of 1952 shall apply as if the payment by the seller were an annual payment made, after due deduction of tax, wholly out of a source other than profits or gains brought into charge to tax.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply where the interest in question is payable without deduction of tax or where, under the rules of the stock exchange governing the transaction, the payment required to be made in respect of the interest is of the amount of the interest before deduction of tax.

(3) If for any year of assessment the liability to income tax of a jobber or dealing broker is determined on the footing that any excess of his payments in respect of interest on securities over his receipts in respect thereof, being payments made or receipts accrued in pursuance of a contract for the sale or purchase of the securities, is to be treated for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts as an annual payment made by him, then as respects that year subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to him if he sold the securities in the ordinary course of his business as a jobber or dealing broker.

(4) Where the seller is resident in the United Kingdom and purchased the securities (otherwise than through a broker) from a person not so resident, then except where the contract for that purchase was made before the seventh day of July, nineteen hundred and sixty, paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

449

section shall have effect as if after the word 44 say " there were inserted the word 44 either " and as if for the words from 44 either as " to the end of the paragraph there were inserted the words 44 as the registered holder of the securities or that he shows to the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners that he acquired the securities, directly or indirectly, from a person who was so entitled to the payment

(5) Where the seller under such a contract as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section is not resident in the United Kingdom, and the sale is effected through a broker, that subsection shall not apply but, except where the contract was made before the seventh day of July, nineteen hundred and sixty, unless the broker shows to the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners either that the seller was entitled to the payment of interest as the registered holder of the securities or that the seller acquired the securities, direcdy or indirectly, from a person who was so entided to the payment, subsections (2) and (3) of section one hundred and seventy of the Act of 1952 shall apply as if the payment through the broker of the amount of the payment of interest were an annual payment by the broker made, after due deduction 6t tax, wholly out of such a source as is mentioned in the said subsection (1).

(6) la section three hundred and forty-five of the Act of 1952 (amounts assessed under section one hundred and seventy treated as losses of a trade) at the end of subsection (2) (which excludes certain payments from the operation of the section) there shall be added—

M Ml

or

(e) any payment to which the said section one hundred and seventy applies by virtue of section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, I960."

(7) In this section—

"broker" means a member of a stock exchange in the United Kingdom other than a jobber;

"dealing broker", in relation to any sale of securities, means a member of a stock exchange in the United Kingdom, other than the London Stock Exchange, who is recognised by the committee of his exchange as carrying on the business of a dealer and authorised by them to deal in those securities; and

44 jobber " means a member of the London Stock Exchange who is recognised by the committee thereof as carrying on the business of a jobber;

and references to a periodical payment of interest include references to a dividend.

p

Part II

450

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 11 Cancellation of tax advantages from certain transactions insecurities.

28«—(1) Where—

(a) in any such circumstances as are mentioned in the next

following subsection, and

(b) in consequence of a transaction in securities or of the

combined effect of two or more such transactions, a person is in a position to obtain, or has obtained, a tax advantage, then unless he shows that the transaction or transactions were carried out either for bona fide commercial reasons or in the ordinary course of making or managing investments, and that none of them had as their main object, or one of their main objects, to enable tax advantages to be obtained, this section shall apply to him in respect of that transaction or those transactions:

Provided that this section shall not apply to him if—

(i) the transaction or transactions in securities were carried

out, and

(ii) any change in the nature of any activities carried on

by a person, being a change necessary in order that the tax advantage should be obtainable, was effected, before the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty.

(2) The circumstances mentioned in the foregoing subsection are that—

(a) in connection with the distribution of profits of a com-

pany, or in connection with the sale or purchase of securities being a sale or purchase followed by the purchase or sale of the same or other securities, the person in question, being entitled (by reason of any exemption from tax or by the setting off of losses against profits or income) to recover tax in respect of dividends received by him, receives an abnormal amount by way of dividend; or

(b) in connection with the distribution of profits of a com-

pany or any such sale or purchase as aforesaid the person in question becomes entitled, in respect of securities held or sold by him, to a deduction in computing profits or gains by reason of a fall in the value of the securities resulting from the payment of a dividend thereon or from any other dealing with any assets of a company; or

(c) the person in question receives, in consequence of a

transaction whereby any other person—

(i) subsequently receives, or has received, an abnormal amount by way of dividend; or

(ii) subsequently becomes entitled, or has become entitled, to a deduction as mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection,

a consideration which either is, or represents the value of, assets which are (or apart from anything done by the company in question would have been) available

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

451

for distribution by way of dividend, or is received in respect of future receipts of the company or is, or represents the value of, trading stock of the company, and the said person so receives the consideration that he does not pay or bear tax on it as income; or

() in connection with the distribution of profits of a company to which this paragraph applies, the person in question so receives as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection such a consideration as is therein mentioned.

In this subsection—

(i) references to profits include references to income, reserves

or other assets,

(ii) references to distribution include references to transfer or realisation (including application in discharge of liabilities), and

(iii) references to the receipt of consideration include references to the receipt of any money or money's worth,

but the assets mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection do not include assets which (while of a description which under the law of the country in which the company is incorporated is available for distribution by way of dividend) are shown to represent a return of sums paid by subscribers on the issue of securities: and the companies to which paragraph

() of this subsection applies are—

(iv) any company under the control of not more than five persons, and

(v) any other company which does not satisfy the con-

dition that its shares or stock or some class thereof (disregarding debenture stock, preferred shares or preferred stock), are authorised to be dealt in on a stock exchange in the United Kingdom, and are so dealt in (regularly or from time to time), so however that the said paragraph () does not apply to a company under the control of one or more companies to which that paragraph does not apply; and subsections (2) and

(3) of section two hundred and fifty-six of the Act of 1952 (which define for the purposes of that section the circumstances in which a company is to be deemed to be under the control of not more than five persons) shall apply for the purposes of this subsection as they apply for the purposes of that section.

(3) Where this section applies to a person in respect of any transaction or transactions, the tax advantage obtained or obtainable by him in consequence thereof shall be counteracted by such of the following adjustments, that is to say an assessment or additional assessment, the nullifying of a right to repayment or the requiring of the return of a repayment already made (the amount to be returned being chargeable under Case VI of

Part n

452

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n Schedule D and recoverable accordingly), or the computation or recomputation of profits or gains, or liability to tax, on such basis as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may specify by notice in writing served on him as being requisite for counteracting the tax advantage so obtained or obtainable.

(4) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall not give a notice under the foregoing subsection until they have notified the person in question that they have reason to believe that this section may apply to him in respect of a transaction or transactions specified in the notification; and if within thirty days of the issue of the notification the said person, being of opinion that this section does not apply to him as aforesaid, makes a statutory declaration to that effect stating the facts and circumstances upon which his opinion is based, and sends it to the Commissioners, then subject to the next following subsection this section shall not apply to him in respect of the transaction or transactions.

(5) If, when a statutory declaration has been sent to the Commissioners under the foregoing subsection, they see reason to take further action in the matter—

(a) the Commissioners shall send to the tribunal a certificate

to that effect, together with the statutory declaration, and may also send therewith a counter-statement with reference to the matter;

(b) the tribunal shall take into consideration the declaration

and the certificate, and the counter-statement, if any, and shall determine whether there is or is not a prima facie case for proceeding in the matter, and if they determine that there is no such case this section shall not apply to the person in question in respect of the transaction or transactions:

Provided that such a determination shall not affect the operation of this section in respect of transactions which include that transaction or some or all of those transactions and also include another transaction or other transactions.

(6) Any person to whom notice has been given under subsection (3) of this section may within thirty days by notice to the clerk to the Special Commissioners appeal to the Special Commissioners on the grounds that this section does not apply to him in respect of the transaction or transactions in question, or that the adjustments directed to be made are inappropriate; and if he or the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are dissatisfied with the determination of the Special Commissioners they may require the appeal to be re-heard by the tribunal.

(7) For the purposes of this section the tribunal shall consist of—

(a) a chairman, being either the chairman of the Board of Referees or a person appointed by the Lord Chan-

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

453

oellor, for a specified period or in relation to a specified Part n case, to act as chairman of the tribunal in the absence of the chairman of the Board of Referees on account of illness or for any other reason, and (b) two or more persons appointed by the Lord Chancellor as having special knowledge of and experience in financial or commercial matters.

(8) The provisions of section two hundred and forty-seven of the Act of 1952 (appeals against directions as to undistributed income) as to the giving of notices, the application of provisions of that Act relating to appeals, and the powers and duties of the Special Commissioners, shall with the necessary modifications apply in relation to appeals under this section; and subsections (3) and (4) of the said section two hundred and forty-seven (re-hearings, statement of case on a point of law, etc.) shall apply in relation to appeals under this section and to the said tribunal as they apply in relation to appeals under that section and to the Board of Referees.

(9) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, on an appeal under this section the Special Commissioners or the tribunal shall have power to cancel or vary a notice under subsection (3) of this section or to vary or quash an assessment made in accordance with such a notice, but the bringing of an appeal or the statement of a case shall not affect the validity of a notice given or of any other thing done in pursuance of the said subsection (3) pending the determination of the proceedings.

(10) The following provisions shall have effect where in pursuance of this subsection a person furnishes to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue particulars of a transaction or transactions effected or to be effected by him, that is to say—

(a) if the Commissioners are of opinion that the particii'

lars, or any further information furnished in pursuance of this paragraph, are not sufficient for the purposes of this subsection, they shall within thirty days of the receipt thereof notify to the said person what further information they require for those purposes, and unless that further information is furnished to the Commissioners within thirty days from the notification or such further time as the Commissioners may allow they shall not be required to proceed further under this subsection;

(b) subject to the foregoing paragraph, the Commissioners

shall within thirty days of the receipt of the particulars, or where that paragraph has effect of all further information required, notify the said person whether or not they are satisfied that the transaction or transactions as described in the particulars were or will

454

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

be such that no notice under subsection (3) of this section ought to be given in respect of it or them,

and if the Commissioners notify him that they are so satisfied this section shall not apply to him in respect of that transaction or those transactions:

Provided that—

(i) if the particulars, and any further information given

under this subsection with respect to any transaction or transactions are not such as to make full and accurate disclosure of all facts and considerations relating thereto which are material to be known to the Commissioners, any notification given by the Commissioners under this subsection shall be void;

(ii) in no event shall the giving of a notification under this

subsection with respect to any transaction or transactions prevent this section applying to a person in respect of transactions which include that transaction or all or some of those transactions and also include another transaction or other transactions.

(11) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section an amount received by way of dividend shall be treated as abnormal if the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, the Special Commissioners or the tribunal, as the case may be, are satisfied—

(a) in the case of a dividend at a fixed rate, that it sub-

stantially exceeds the amount which the recipient would have received if the dividend had accrued from day to day and he had been entitled only to so much of the dividend as accrued while he held the securities, so however that an amount shall not be treated as abnormal by virtue only of this paragraph if during the six months beginning with the purchase of the securities the recipient does not sell or otherwise dispose of, or acquire an option to sell, any of those securities or any securities similar (within the meaning of section twenty-three of the Finance Act, 1959) to those securities, or

(b) in any case, that it substantially exceeds a normal return on the price paid for the securities:

Provided that there shall be disregarded any amount received by a company by way of dividend from an associated company except in so far as the dividend is paid out of profits accumulated before the two companies became associated companies; and the Third Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1955, shall with the necessary modifications apply for determining the extent to which a dividend was so paid.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

455

(12) No other provision contained in this Act, or in any other Part D of the Income Tax Acts, shall be construed as limiting the powers conferred by this section, but nothing in this section shall authorise the making of an assessment later than six years after the year to which the tax advantage relates.

29. Where it appears to the Commissioners of Inland Information Revenue that by reason of any transaction or transactions a P"*??8*«

Of 88. 21 to 28.

person—

(a) may by virtue of any of the provisions of sections

twenty-one to twenty-seven of this Act have incurred any liability to income tax, or

(b) may be a person to whom the foregoing section applies, the Commissioners may by notice in writing served on him require him, within such time not less than twenty-eight days as may be specified in the notice, to furnish information in his possession with respect to the transaction or any of the transactions, being information as to matters, specified in the notice, which are relevant to the question whether he has incurred such a liability as aforesaid or whether a notice under subsection (3) of the foregoing section should be given in respect of him.

30. The chairman of the Board of Referees shall be a person Appointment

appointed by the Lord Chancellor. of

of Board of Referees.

31. In the case of shares or stock sold or issued to a person. Amendment or otherwise acquired by him, after the fifth day of April, s*4 of nineteen hundred and sixty, section four of the Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1955 (tax on dividends on shares paid within six years 1955, of acquisition of shares and out of profits accumulated before acquisition) shall have effect in relation to the said person as if the words "and not more than six years before die date on which the dividend becomes payable" were omitted wherever they occur.

32. —(1) Where any trade, profession or vocation of which Receipts

the profits or gains are chargeable to tax under Case I or accruing after Case II of Schedule D has been permanendy discontinued, tax ^"uanco shall be charged under Case VI of that Schedule in respect of profession or any sums to which this section applies which are received after vocation, the discontinuance, subject to any such deduction as is authorised by subsection (4) of this section.

(2) Subject to the provisions of subseodon (3) of this section, this section applies to the following sums arising from the carrying on of the trade, profession or vocation during any period before the discontinuance (not being sums otherwise chargeable to tax), that is to say—

(a) where the profits or gains for that period were computed by reference to earnings, all such sums in so far

456

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part II

as their value was not brought into account in computing the profits or gains for any period before the discontinuance;

(b) where those profits or gains were not so computed, any sums which, if those profits or gains had been so computed, would not have been brought into the computation for any period before the discontinuance because the date on which they became due, or the date on which the amount due in respect thereof was ascertained, fell after the discontinuance.

(3) This section does not apply to any of the following sums, that is to say—

(a) sums received by a person beneficially entitled thereto

who is not resident in the United Kingdom, or by a person acting on his behalf, which represent income arising directly or indirectly from a country or territory outside the United Kingdom;

(b) a lump sum paid to the personal representatives of the

author of a literary, dramatic, musical or artistic work as consideration for the assignment by them, wholly or partially, of the copyright in the work;

(c) sums realised by the transfer of trading stock belonging

to a trade at the discontinuance thereof, or by the transfer of the work of a profession or vocation in progress at the discontinuance thereof.

(4) In computing the charge to tax in respect of sums received by any person which are chargeable to tax by virtue of this section, there shall be deducted from the amount which, apart from this subsection, would be chargeable to tax—

(a) any loss, expense or debit (not being a loss, expense or

debit arising directly or indirectly from the discontinuance itself) which, & the trade, profession or vocation had not been discontinued, would have been deducted in computing for tax purposes the profits or gains of ♦he person by whom it was carried on before the discontinuance, or would have been deducted from or set off against those profits or gains as so computed; and

(b) any allowance under Part X or Part XI of the Act of

1952 to which the person who carried on the trade, profession or vocation was entitled immediately before the discontinuance and to which effect has not been given either by way of relief before the discontinuance or by deduction under this subsection.

(5) For the purposes of this section the profits or gains of a trade, profession or vocation in any period shall be treated as computed by reference to earnings where all credits and

1960

Finance Act% 1960

Ch. 44

457

liabilities accruing during that period as a consequence of the Part n carrying on of the trade, profession or vocation are brought into account in computing those profits or gains for tax purposes, and not otherwise; and the value of any sum received in payment of a debt shall be treated as not brought into account in the computation to the extent that a deduction has been allowed in respect of that sum under paragraph (0 of section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Act of 1952 (which relates to bad and doubtful debts).

(6) This section does not apply to sums received before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, but subject as aforesaid this section applies to sums received before as well as after the commencement of this Act.

33.—(1) In the case of a transfer for value of the right to Supplementary receive any such sums as are described in subsection (2) of provisions as to section thirty-two of this Act, any tax chargeable by virtue Qf 32.

that section shall be charged in respect of the amount or value of the consideration (or, in the case of a transfer otherwise than at arm’s length, in respect of the value of the right transferred as between parties at arm’s length), and references in that section to sums received shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Where an individual is chargeable to tax by virtue of section thirty-two of this Act in respect of any stuns received after die discontinuance of a trade, profession or vocation, and the profits or gains of the trade, profession or vocation to which he was entitled before the discontinuance fell to be treated as earned income for the purposes of the Act of 1952, those sums shall also be treated for those purposes as earned income.

(3) Where any sum or sums chargeable to tax by virtue of the said section thirty-two are received, in any year of assessment beginning not later than six years after the discontinuance of the trade, profession or vocation, by the person by whom it was carried on before the discontinuance, that person may, by notice in writing sent to the surveyor within twelve months after the end of that year of assessment, elect that the tax chargeable by virtue of that section shall, in lieu of being charged for that year of assessment, be charged for the year in which the discontinuance took place; and in any such case an additional assessment shall (notwithstanding anything in section forty-seven of the Act of 1952) be made upon him for the last-mentioned year in the amount on which he is chargeable under the said section thirty-two in respect of that sum or in respect of all those sums, as the case may be, and in connection with that assessment no further deduction or relief shall be made or given in respect of any loss or allowance deducted in pursuance of subsection (4) of the said section thirty-two.

p*

458

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part II (4) Where the person chargeable to tax by virtue of the said section thirty-two in respect of sums received after the discon-tinance of a trade is a company to which section two hundred and forty-five of the Act of 1952 applies, not being an investment company, and an order has been made or a resolution passed for the winding-up of the company, then—

(a) the sums chargeable to tax by virtue of the said section

thirty-two, so far as received after the commencement of the winding-up, shall, for the purposes of assessment to surtax, be deemed to be the income of the members;

(b) the Special Commissioners shall from time to time by

notice in writing to the liquidator direct that the amount of those sums received in the year or period specified in the notice shall be deemed for those purposes to be the income of the members for that year or period, and the amount thereof shall be apportioned and surtax assessed and charged accordingly; and

(c) the provisions of Chapter III of Part IX of the Act of

1952 shall, with any necessary modifications, apply in relation to any such directions, apportionments and assessments as they apply in relation to directions under the said section two hundred and forty-five and apportionments and assessments resulting therefrom.

(5) Expressions used in subsection (4) of this section and in the said Chapter III have the same meanings in that subsection as they have in that Chapter.

Receipts and 34.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall apply

losses accruing in any case where, as the result of a change in the persons treatedas*6 en8a^ in carrying on a trade, profession or vocation, the discontinuance trade, profession or vocation is treated by virtue of section under Finance nineteen of the Finance Act, 1953, as if it had been permanently Act, 1953, discontinued and a new trade, profession or vocation set up s-19. and commenced.

(2) Sections thirty-two and thirty-three of this Act shall apply in the case of any such change as aforesaid as if the trade, profession or vocation had been permanently discontinued:

Provided that where the right to receive any sums to which the said section thirty-two applies is or was transferred, at the time of the change, to the persons carrying on the trade, profession or vocation after the change, tax shall not be charged by virtue of that section, but (except where the change took place before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty) any sums received by those persons by virtue of the transfer shall be treated for all purposes as receipts to be brought into the computation of profits or gains of the trade, profession or vocation in the period in which they are received.

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

459

(3) In computing for tax purposes the profits or gains of the trade, profession or vocation in any period after the change there may be deducted a sum equal to any amount proved during that period to be irrecoverable in respect of any debts credited in computing for tax purposes the profits or gains for any period before the change (being debts the benefit of which was assigned to the persons carrying on the trade, profession or vocation after the change), in so far as the total amount proved to be irrecoverable in respect of those debts exceeds any deduction allowed in respect of them under paragraph (0 of section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Act of 1952 in a computation for any period before the change.

35.—(1) Where, in computing for any income tax purpose the profits or gains of a profession or vocation which has been discontinued, a valuation is taken of the work of the profession or vocation in progress at the discontinuance, that work shall be valued as follows—

(a) if the work is transferred for money or any other

valuable consideration to a person who carries on or intends to carry on a profession or vocation in the United Kingdom, and the cost of the work may be deducted by that person as an expense in computing for any such purpose the profits or gains of that profession or vocation, the value of the work shall be taken to be the amount paid or other consideration given for the transfer;

(b) if the work does not fall to be valued under the fore-

going paragraph, its value shall be taken to be the amount which would have been paid for a transfer thereof on the date of the discontinuance as between parties at arm’s length.

(2) Subsection (2) of section one hundred and forty-three of the Act of 1952 (determination of questions arising on the valuation of trading stock sold when a trade is discontinued) shall apply to the determination of any question arising under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section as it applies to the determination of any question arising under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of that section, but with the substitution of references to professions and vocations for references to trades.

(3) Where a profession or vocation is discontinued and the person by whom it was carried on immediately before the discontinuance so elects, by notice in writing sent to the surveyor at any time within twelve months after the discontinuance, the amount, if any, by which the value of the work in progress at the discontinuance (as ascertained under subsection (1) of this section) exceeds the actual cost of the work shall not be brought into account in computing the profits or gains of the period

p* 2

Part (I

Work in progress at discontinuance.

460

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n

Debts set off against profits and

subsequently

released.

Payments on retirement or removal from office or employment.

immediately before the discontinuance, but the amount by which any sums received for the transfer of the work exceed the actual cost of the work shall be included in the sums chargeable to tax by virtue of section thirty-two of this Act as if it were a sum to which that section applies received after the discontinuance.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section apply where a profession or vocation is treated under section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1953, as permanently discontinued as they apply in the case of an actual discontinuance, but shall not apply in a case where a profession or vocation carried on by a single individual is discontinued by reason of his death.

(5) For the purposes of section one hundred and forty-three of the Act of 1952 (valuation of trading stock on the discon* tinuance of trades) "trading stock", in relation to a trade, includes any services, article or material which would, if the trade were a profession or vocation, be treated as work in progress thereof for the purposes of this section, and references to the sale or transfer of trading stock shall be construed accordingly.

(6) This section applies, and applies only, to discontinuances occurring after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty.

36, —(1) Where, in computing for tax purposes the profits or gains of a trade, profession or vocation, a deduction has been allowed for any debt incurred for the purposes of the trade, profession or vocation, then, if the whole or any part of that debt is thereafter released, the amount released shall be treated as a receipt of the trade, profession or vocation arising in the period in which the release is effected.

(2) If in any such case as aforesaid the trade, profession or vocation has been permanently discontinued at or after the end of the period for which the deduction was allowed and before the release was effected, or is treated for tax purposes, by virtue of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1953, as if it had been so discontinued, section thirty-two of this Act shall apply as if the amount released were a sum received after the discontinuance.

(3) This section applies, and applies only, to a release effected after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty.

37. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, income tax shall be charged under Schedule E in respect of any payment to which this section applies which is made to the holder or past holder of any office or employment, or to his executors or administrators, whether made by the person under whom he holds or held the office or employment or by any other person.

(2) This section applies to any payment (not otherwise chargeable to income tax) which is made, whether in pursuance

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

461

of any legal obligation or not, either directly or indirectly in consideration or in consequence of, or otherwise in connection with, the termination of the holding of the office or employment or any change in its functions or emoluments, including any payment in commutation of annual or periodical payments (whether chargeable to tax or not) which would otherwise have been made as aforesaid.

(3) For the purposes of this and the next following section, any payment made to the spouse or any relative or dependant of a person who holds or has held an office or employment, or made on behalf of or to the order of that person, shall be treated as made to that person, and any valuable consideration other than money shall be treated as a payment of money equal to the value of that consideration at the date when it is given.

(4) Any payment which is chargeable to tax by virtue of this section shall be treated as income received on the following date, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a payment in commutation of annual or

other periodical payments, the date on which the commutation is effected;

(b) in the case of any other payment, the date of the

termination or change in respect of which the payment is made,

and shall be treated as emoluments of the holder or past holder of the office or employment assessable to income tax under Schedule E; and any such payment shall be treated for all the purposes of the Act of 1952 as earned income.

(5) In the case of the death of any person who, if he had not died, would have 'been chargeable to tax in respect of any such payment, the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators, and shah be a debt due from and payable out of his estate. 6

(6) This section does not apply to any payment made before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, nor to any payment, whenever made, being—

(a) a payment made in pursuance of an obligation incurred

before that date; or

(b) a payment made in respect of a termination or change

which took place before that date, not being a payment made in commutation of annual or periodical payments;

but subject as aforesaid this section applies to payments made before as well as after the commencement of this Act

Part II

462

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n (7) Where any payment chargeable to tax under this section is made to any person in any year of assessment, it shall be die duty of tide person by whom it is made to deliver particulars thereof in writing to the surveyor not later than fourteen days after the end of that year.

Exemptions and reliefs in respect of tax under s. 37.

38.—(1) Tax shall not be charged by virtue of the last foregoing section in respect of the following payments, that is to say—

(a) any payment made in connection with the termination of the holding of an office or employment by the death of the holder, or made on account of injury to or disability of the holder of an office or employment; (b) any sum chargeable to surtax under section two hundred and forty-two of the Act of 1952 (consideration for certain restrictive covenants);

(c) a benefit provided in pursuance of any such scheme or

agreement as is referred to in section three hundred and eighty-six of that Act, where the holder of the office or employment was chargeable to tax in respect of sums paid, or treated as paid, with a view to the provision of the benefit;

() a benefit paid in pursuance of any such scheme or fund as is described in subsection (1) and subsection (2) of section three hundred and eighty-seven of that Act (exemptions from charge to tax under the said section three hundred and eighty-six);

(e) any terminal grant, gratuity or other lump sum paid

under any Royal Warrant, Queen’s Order, or Order in Council relating to members of Her Majesty’s forces, and any payment made in commutation of annual or other periodical payments authorised by any such Warrant or Order;

if) a payment of benefit under any superannuation scheme administered by the government of an overseas territory within die Commonwealth, or of compensation for loss of career, interruption of service or disturbance made in connection with any change in the constitution of any such overseas territory to persons who, before the change, were employed in the public services of that territory;

and references in paragraph if) of .this subsection to an overseas territory, to the government of such a territory and to employment in the public services of such a territory shall be construed as if they occurred in the Overseas Service Act, 1958, and subsections (2) and (3) of section seven of that Act (which relate to the construction of such references) shall apply accordingly.

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

463

(2) Tax shall not be charged by virtue of the last foregoing Part D section in respect of a payment in the case of which any of

the following conditions is satisfied, that is to say—

(a) in any case, that on the relevant date the holder of the

office or employment was domiciled elsewhere than in the United Kingdom, and that immediately before that date he held the office or employment under or with any person, body of persons or partnership then resident outside, and not resident in, the United Kingdom; or

(b) in the case of a payment of compensation for loss of

office—

(i) that the holder of the office or employment held it under a contract which did not require him to perform any of the duties of the office or employment in the United Kingdom; or

<ii) there being no express requirement in the contract as to the place of performance of those duties, that he did not perform any of them in the United Kingdom during the three years immediately preceding the relevant date; or

(c) in the case of a payment in respect of an office or

employment in which the holder’s service included foreign service, not being a payment of compensation for loss of office, that die foreign service comprised either—

(i) in any case, three-quarters of the whole period of service down to the relevant date; or

(ii) where the period of service down to the relevant date exceeded ten years, the whole of the last ten years; or

(iii) where the period of service down to the relevant date exceeded twenty years, one-half of that period, including any ten of the last twenty years;

and where an office or employment was in substance one the duties of which fell in any year to be performed outside the United Kingdom, there shall be treated for the purposes of paragraph (6) of this subsection as so performed any duties performed in the United Kingdom the performance of which was merely incidental to the performance of the other duties outside the United Kingdom.

(3) Tax shall not be charged by virtue of the last foregoing section in respect of a payment of an amount not exceeding five thousand pounds, and in the case of a payment which exceeds that amount shall be charged only in respect of the excess:

464

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part U Provided that where two or more payments in respect of which tax is chargeable by virtue of that section, or would be so chargeable apart from the foregoing provisions of this subsection, are made to or in respect of the same person in respect of the same office or employment, or in respect of different offices or employments held under the same employer or under associated employers, this subsection shall apply as if those payments were a single payment of an amount equal to that aggregate amount; and the amount of any one payment chargeable to tax shall be ascertained as follows, that is to say—

(a) where the payments are treated as income of different

years of assessment, the said sum of five thousand pounds shall be deducted from a payment treated as income of an earlier year before any payment treated as income of a later year; and

(b) subject as aforesaid, the said sum shall be deducted rateably from the payments according to their respective amounts.

(4) The person chargeable to tax by virtue of the last foregoing section in respect of any payment may, before the expiration of six years after the end of the year of assessment of which it is treated as income, by notice in writing to the surveyor claim any such relief in respect of the payment as is applicable thereto under the Fourth Schedule to tins Act; and where such a claim is duly made and allowed, all such repayments and assessments of tax shall be made as are necessary to give effect thereto.

(5) For the purposes of this section and of the Fourth Schedule to this Act offices or employments in respect of which payments to which the last foregoing section applies are made shall be treated as held under associated employers if, on the date which is the relevant date in relation to any of those payments, one of those employers is under the control of the other or of a third person who controls or is under the control of the other on that or any other such date.

(6) In this section "the relevant date", "payment of compensation for loss of office " and " foreign service " have the same meaning as in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, and references to an employer or to a person controlling or controlled by an employer include references to his successors. 7

(7) Any dispute as to the domicile of any person arising under this section shall be referred and determined as provided by subsection <3) of section ten of the Finance Act, 1956, in the case of disputes as to domicile under paragraph 1 of Schedule E, and the provisions of that subsection shall apply with the necessary modifications accordingly.

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

465

(8) For the purposes of any provision of the Act of 1952 Part n or of this Act requiring income of any description to be treated as the highest part of a person’s income, that income shall be calculated without regard to any payment chargeable to tax by virtue of the last foregoing section.

39.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, all the pro- Application of visions of the Income Tax Acts relating to the assessment, TaJlk. charge, deduction and payment of income tax shall apply in relation to public offices and departments of the Crown:

Provided that nothing in those provisions shall require the payment by any such office or department of any tax which would be ultimately borne by the Crown.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to public offices and departments of any country, state, province or colony specified in subsection (2) of section four hundred and sixty-one of the Act of 1952, and nothing in the said subsection (1) shall exempt any Government from taxation to which it is liable in connection with any office or department by virtue of section twenty-five of the Finance Act, 1925 (liability of Governments of places within, and certain places outside. Her Majesty’s dominions to taxation in respect of trading operations).

(3) Where premises are let (whether on a long lease or a short lease, and whether at a rack rent or otherwise) to any public office or department of the Crown to which, by virtue of the foregoing subsection, subsection (1) of this section does not apply, tax to be charged under Schedule A in respect of the premises shall be charged on and paid by the landlord or person immediately entitled to the rent of the premises, for which purpose the annual value of the premises shall in all cases be determined by reference to the amount of the rent by the year at which they are let and the other terms of the lease.

(4) In section one hundred and seventy of the Act of 1952 (under which tax must be deducted on the making of certain annual and other payments if not payable or not wholly payable out of profits or gains brought into charge to tax), any reference to a payment or sum as being not payable or not wholly payable as aforesaid shall be construed as a reference to it as being payable wholly or in part out of a source other than profits or gains brought into charge; and any such reference elsewhere in the Income Tax Acts shall be construed accordingly.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be deemed always to have had effect; and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, any deduction on account of income tax made from any payment at any time before the passing of this Act which would have been authorised or required if the said provisions had been in force at that time shall be deemed for all

466

Part II

Extension of

payments

treated as

"small

maintenance

payments

Ch. 44 Finance A, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

purposes (including all the purposes of legal proceedings instituted before the passing of this Act) to have been lawfully made:

Provided that where any deduction on account of tax was made before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, from the rent of premises let as mentioned in subsection (3) of this section and was such that it could have been lawfully made by a tenant other than an office or department of the Crown, that deduction shall be deemed to have been lawfully made, and, as regards the period to which the deduction related, tax shall not be chargeable under subsection (3) of this section on the person who suffered the deduction.

40.—(1) In section two hundred and five of the Act of 1952 (which defines for the purposes of Chapter VII of Part VH of that Act the payments, there called "small maintenance payments ", which under that Chapter are to be made without deduction of tax)—

(a) for paragraph (a) of subsection (1) (which specifies pay-

ments to or for the benefit of a woman for her maintenance) there shall be substituted the following, that is to say—

" (a) by one of the parties to a marriage (including a marriage which has been dissolved or annulled) to or for the benefit of the other party to that marriage for that other party’s maintenance; or";

(b) in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) (which specifies pay-

ments to any person for the benefit of, or for the maintenance or education of, a person under the age specified in subsection (2) of that section, that is to say, the age of twenty-one years), for the words " the age specified in subsection (2) of this section" there shall be substituted the words "twenty-one years of age, not being such a payment as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection ";

(c) in subsection (3) (which specifies a maximum weekly

rate of five pounds in the case of such payments as are mentioned in the said paragraph (a) and of thirty shillings in the case of such payments as are mentioned in the said paragraph (b)), for paragraphs (a) and (b) there shall be substituted the following, that is to say—

" (a) in the case of payments falling within paragraph (a) of that subsection, seven pounds ten shillings; and

(b) in the case of payments falling within paragraph (b) of that subsection, fifty shillings."

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

467

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not affect payments falling Part II due before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty-

one, under an order made before the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and sixty:

Provided that where an order so made is varied or revived at any time after the said thirty-first day of July, that subsection shall apply in relation to payments falling due under the order after that time.

(3) Where a court makes an order in consequence of which payments falling due under a previous order which is not already a small maintenance order within the meaning of the said section two hundred and five will be treated as small maintenance payments within the meaning of that section by virtue of the proviso to the last foregoing subsection, the court shall furnish to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, in such form as those Commissioners may prescribe, particulars of those orders, the names of the persons for the time being liable to make and entitled to those payments and, so far as known to the court, the addresses of those persons.

(4) Subsection (2) of section two hundred and five of the Act of 1952 and section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1957, shall cease to have effect, so however that the repeal thereof shall not affect payments in relation to which subsection (1) of this section is excluded by subsection (2) of this section.

41. Subsection <3) of section twenty-three of the Finance Retirement Act, 1956 (which enables a premium for a retirement annuity ai"1"^C8: paid after the end of a year of assessment but within the period ™riums. beginning with the giving of notice of assessment for that year

and ending six months after the assessment to qualify, in certain cases, for relief for that year) shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if for the words from " beginning " to " ending " there were substituted the words " beginning with the end of that year and ending "; and an election for the purposes of the said subsection (3) relating to a premium paid after the end of a year of assessment and before the date of the notice of assessment for that year shall in no case be out of time if made before the end of February, nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

42. —(1) The Agreement made on the twenty-third day of Confirmation June, nineteen hundred and sixty, between the Governments of of double-the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland relating to

the Agreements set out in the Eighteenth Schedule to the Act of wjlhthe 1952 (which first-mentioned Agreement is set out in the Fifth Republic of Schedule to this Act) is hereby confirmed, and, subject to the Ireland, necessary steps being taken to give it the force of law in the Republic of Ireland, shall have effect accordingly.

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(2) In subsection (2) of section three hundred and forty-nine of the Act of 1952 for the words from " and by the Agreement " to " 1959 " there shall be substituted the words " and by the Agreements set out in the Seventh Schedule to the Finance Act, 1959, and the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1960 ".

(3) For the purpose of carrying out any obligation of the Government of the United Kingdom under Article 2 of the Agreement set out in the said Fifth Schedule, Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any provisions of the Income Tax Acts specified in the Order (being provisions affecting in any way exemptions from income tax of persons resident in the United Kingdom) shall not affect, and be deemed not to have affected, exemptions from income tax which persons enjoy as not resident in the United Kingdom but resident in the Republic of Ireland.

43,—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act two or more companies shall be treated as associated companies if one has control of the other or others, or any person has control of both or all of them.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to a company having control of another company shall be construed as references to its having control thereof either by itself or in conjunction with any person having control over the first-mentioned company.

(3) References in this Part of this Act to capital expenditure unallowed shall be construed as including references to the residue of capital expenditure; and Part X of the Act of 1952 shall with the necessary modifications have effect, in relation to assets of any description, for the construction of any such reference in this Part of this Act as it has effect in relation to assets of that description for the construction of such a reference in the said Part X.

(4) In this Part of this Act—

(a) " the Board of Referees " means the Board appointed

for the purposes of section two hundred and eighty-seven of the Act of 1952;

(b) "company" includes any body corporate;

(c) " control " has the same meaning as in Part X of the

Act of 1952;

() "dealing company" means a company dealing in

securities, land or buildings and includes any company whose profits on the sale of securities, land or buildings are part of its trading profits;

(e) " investment company " means a company whose busi-

ness consists mainly in the making of investments and the principal part of whose income is derived therefrom;

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

469

if) " securities " includes shares, " shares ", except where the context otherwise requires, includes stock, and references to dividends include references to interest;

(g) " tax advantage " means a relief or increased relief from,

or repayment or increased repayment of, income tax, or the avoidance or reduction of an assessment to income tax or the avoidance of a possible assessment thereto, whether the avoidance or reduction is effected by receipts accruing in such a way that the recipient does not pay or bear tax on them, or by a deduction in computing profits or gains;

(h) "trading stock" has the same meaning as in section

one hundred and forty-three of the Act of 1952;

(i) " transaction in securities " includes transactions, of

whatever description, relating to securities, and in particular—

(i) the purchase, sale or exchange of securities,

(ii) the issuing or securing the issue of, or applying or subscribing for, new securities,

(iii) the altering, or securing the alteration of, the rights attached to securities.

(5) References in this Part of this Act to work in progress at the discontinuance of a profession or vocation shall be construed as references to—

(a) any services performed in the ordinary course of the

profession or vocation, the performance of which was wholly or partly completed at the time of the discontinuance and for which it would be reasonable to expect that a charge would have been made on their completion if the profession or vocation had not been discontinued; and

(b) any article produced, and any such material as is used,

in the performance of any such services;

and references as aforesaid to the transfer of work in progress shall include references to the transfer of any benefits and rights which accrue or might be reasonably expected to accrue from the carrying out of the work.

Part III

Income Tax and Profits Tax (Penalties and Assessments)

44.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, the following provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect in relation to any year of assessment, or, as the case may be, chargeable accounting period, whether ending before or after the commencement of this Act; and the provisions specified in Part II of the

Part n

New

provisions as to penalties and recovery of tax in connection with incorrect returns, etc.

470

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

Notice of liability to tax.

Penalties for failure to make certain returns, etc.

Eighth Schedule to this Act (which relate to penalties in connection with returns, statements, declarations, lists and claims and the duty to give certain notices) shall, to the extent specified in the third column of that Part, cease to have effect

(2) Nothing in this Part of this Act or the said Part II—

(a) shall affect any proceedings commenced before the com-

mencement of this Act or the recovery of any penalty imposed in such proceedings;

(b) shall apply in relation to anything done or omitted

which is the subject of such proceedings or in respect of which any proceedings were compounded before the commencement of this Act.

45. —(1) Every person who is chargeable to income tax for any year of assessment and who has not delivered a statement of his profits or gains or his total income for that year in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Acts shall, not later than one year after the end of that year of assessment, give notice that he is so chargeable.

(2) A notice under this section shall be given to the surveyor or, in the case of an individual who is not chargeable to income tax other than surtax, either to the surveyor or to the Special Commissioners.

(3) If any person fails to give a notice which he is required to give under this section he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds.

46. —(1) Where any person—

(a) has been required, by a notice or precept served under or for the purposes of any of the provisions specified in the first or second column of the Sixth Schedule to this Act, to deliver any return, statement, declaration, list or other document, to furnish any particulars, to produce any document, or to make anything available for inspection, and he fails to comply with the notice or precept; or

(b) fails to furnish any information, give any certificate or produce any document or record in accordance with any of the provisions specified in the third column of that Schedule;

he shall be liable, subject to subsection (5) of this section, to a penalty not exceeding, except in the case mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, fifty pounds and, if the failure continues after it has been declared by the court or Commissioners before whom proceedings for the penalty have been commenced, to a further penalty not exceeding ten pounds for each day on which the failure so continues.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

471

(2) Where the said notice was served under or for the pur- Part III poses of any of the provisions specified in the first column of

the said Sixth Schedule (which relate to returns and statements concerning a person’s own income) and the failure continues after the end of the year of assessment following that during which the notice was served, the first of the penalties mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be an amount not exceeding the aggregate of fifty pounds and the total amount of the tax with which the said person is charged (whether for one or for more than one year of assessment) in assessments—

(a) based wholly or partly on any income that ought to

have been included in the return or statement required by the notice; and

(b) made after the end of the year next following the year

of assessment in which the said notice was served.

(3) Where in any year of assessment any amount was deducted from the said person’s emoluments under section one hundred and fifty-seven (pay as you earn) of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and that amount exceeds the total amount (if any) charged in any assessments under Schedule E made on him for that year before the end of the year of assessment next following that in which the said notice was served, the amount of the excess shall be treated, for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, as reducing the amount of the tax charged in assessments under Schedule E made on him for the first-mentioned year after the end of the said following year.

(4) The reference in subsection (2) of this section to tax includes surtax, except that in relation to any statement required for the purposes of section one hundred and forty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to partnerships) it does not include any tax not chargeable in the partnership name; and in relation to a person’s failure to deliver any other return or statement it does not include tax assessed in the name of a partnership on so much of the profits or gains assessed as falls to be included in the total income of any other person.

(5) Except in the case mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, a person shall not be liable to any penalty incurred under this section for a failure to comply with any notice or precept, if the failure is remedied before proceedings for the recovery of the penalty are commenced. 6

(6) Where a person is liable to more than one penalty of an amount determined under subsection (2) of this section, any assessment taken into account for the purposes of one of those penalties shall be left out of account for the purposes of the

, other or others.

472

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part in (7) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the proviso to subsection (4) of section twenty and the proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty-seven of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

Penalty for fraudulently or negligently

malting incorrect returns, etc.

47.—(1) Where a person fraudulently or negligently—

(a) delivers any incorrect return or statement of a kind mentioned in any of the provisions specified in the first column of the Sixth Schedule to this Act; or

(b) makes any incorrect return, statement or declaration in connection with any claim for any allowance, deduction or relief; or

(c) submits to the surveyor or any Commissioners any incorrect accounts in connection with the ascertainment of his liability to income tax;

he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding the aggregate of—

(i) fifty pounds; and

(ii) the amount or, in the case of fraud, twice the amount of the difference specified in subsection (1) of section forty-eight of this Act.

(2) Where a person fraudulently or negligendy furnishes, gives, produces or makes any incorrect information, certificate, document, record or declaration of a kind mentioned in any of the provisions specified in the second or third column of the Sixth Schedule to this Act he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds, or, in the case of fraud, five hundred pounds.

(3) Where any such return, statement, declaration or accounts as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section were made or submitted by any person neither fraudulently nor negligendy and it comes to his notice (or, if he has died, to the notice of his personal representatives) that they were incorrect, then, unless the error is remedied without unreasonable delay, the return, statement, declaration or accounts shall be treated for the purposes of this section as having been negligently made or submitted by him.

Provisions 48.—(1) The difference referred to in paragraph (ii) of sub-

tupplementary section (1) of section forty-seven of this Act is the difference to section 47. between—

(a) the amount of tax payable for the relevant years of

assessment by the said person (including any amount deducted at source and not repayable); and

(b) the amount which would have been the amount so payable if the return, statement, declaration or accounts as made or submitted by him had been correct.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

473

(2) The relevant years of assessment for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section are, in relation to anything delivered, made or submitted in any year of assessment, that, the next following, and any preceding year of assessment; and the references in that subsection to the amount of tax payable include surtax, except that, in relation to anything done in connection with a partnership, they do not include any tax not chargeable in the partnership name.

(3) For the purposes of section forty-seven of this Act, any accounts submitted on behalf of any person shall be deemed to have been submitted by him unless he proves that they were submitted without his consent or connivance.

49. In sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1954 (which imposes a penalty equal to twenty pounds plus three times the amount of the investment allowance on a person failing to give information required under that paragraph) for the words " equal to twenty pounds plus three times" there shall be substituted the words " not exceeding fifty pounds plus ".

50. Any person who assists in or induces the making or delivery for any purposes of income tax of any return, accounts, statement or declaration which he knows to be incorrect shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five hundred pounds.

51. —(1) Where, for the purpose of making good to the Crown a loss of tax wholly or partly attributable to the fraud, wilful default or neglect of any person, an assessment for any year (in this section referred to as " the normal year ") has been made on him not later than six years after the end of that year, assessments to tax for earlier years may, to the extent provided by the following provisions of this section, be made on him notwithstanding that, but for this section, they would be out of time.

(2) No assessment under this section shall be made on any person except for the purpose of making good to the Crown a loss of tax attributable to his neglect.

(3) An assessment under this section for any year ending not earlier than six years before the end of the normal year may be made at any time not later than the end of the year of assessment following that in which the tax covered by the assessment mentioned in subsection (1) of this section is finally determined.

(4) An assessment under this section for any year ending earlier than six years before the end of the normal year may only be made with the leave of the General or Special Commissioners, given under the following provisions of this section.

Part III

Penalty for

failure to give

information

affecting

investment

allowances.

Assisting in

making

incorrect return, etc.

Time limit for recovery from taxpayer of tax lost through his fault

474

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part in (5) Where an assessment for any year (in this section referred to as " the earlier year ") has been made on any person more than six years after die end of that year—

(a) under this section; or

(b) in the circumstances mentioned in subsection (6) of this

section, under the proviso to subsection (1) of section forty-seven or the proviso to subsection (3) of section two hundred and twenty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relate to fraud or wilful default),

and it appears to the General or Special Commissioners, on an application made to them not later than the end of the year of assessment following that in which the tax covered by the assessment for the earlier year is finally determined, that there are reasonable grounds for believing that tax for a year ending not earlier than six years before the end of the earlier year was or may have been lost to the Crown owing to the neglect of that person, they may give leave for the making on him of an assessment under this section for that year.

(6) The circumstances referred to in paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of this section are that the assessment for the earlier year was one of a number of assessments made on that person for the purpose mentioned in subsection (1) of this section and that of the years for which those assessments were made—

(a) the latest, apart from the normal year, ended not more

than six years before the end of the normal year;

(b) the next, if any, ended not more than six years before the end of the said latest year;

and so on for any earlier years.

(7) An application for leave under this section may be made by the surveyor or any person nominated for that purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and on any such application the person to be assessed shall be entitled to appear and be heard.

(8) In determining the amount of the tax to be charged for any year in any assessment made under this section effect shall be given, if the person to be assessed so requires, to any relief or allowance to which he would have been entitled for that year on a claim or application made within the time allowed by the Income Tax Acts.

(9) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, an assessment under this section for a year ending not earlier than six years before the end of the normal year or an application for leave under this section shall not be out of time if it is made before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty-two.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

475

52*—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Part m effect where such an assessment as is mentioned in subsection Modification

(1) of section fifty-one of this Act was made on any person of s. 51 in who at any time carried on a trade, profession or vocation in partnership with any other person (whether the assessment was partncrsmp8, made in respect of the profits or gains thereof or not).

(2) In this section—

"the business*’ means the trade, profession or vocation mentioned in subsection (1) of this section;

"the normal year" has the same meaning as in section fifty-one of this Act;

"the person in default" means the person mentioned in subsection (1) of that section.

(3) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, an assessment in respect of the profits or gains of the business may be made under the said section fifty-one not only on the person in default but on any person who carried on the business at any time in the year for which the assessment is made and either—

(a) then carried it on in partnership with the person in default or with a person who at any time in the normal year carried it on in partnership with the person in default; or

(b) at any time in the normal year carried on the business in partnership with the person in default;

and may be made for the purpose of making good to the Crown a loss of tax attributable to the neglect of any person who carried on the business at any time in the year for which the assessment is made.

(4) For the purpose of determining whether leave may be given for the making of such an assessment on two or more persons who carried on the business in partnership subsections

(5) and (6) of the said section fifty-one shall have effect as if the neglect referred to therein were the neglect of any of those persons and as if the assessments referred to therein were assessments made on any one of those persons.

(5) Where such an assessment is made on two or more persons who carried on the business in partnership and those persons include any person (in this subsection referred to as "the exempted partner *7 who was not charged in any such assessment as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the tax charged in the assessment—

(a) shall not include tax on so much of the profits or gains as would fall to be included in the exempted partner’s total income; and

476

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part ni

Time limit for recovery of tax lost through deceased person's fault

Time limit for certain penalty proceedings.

Time limit for summary proceedings, and increase Of maximum fine in such proceedings.

(b) shall not be recoverable from the exempted partner; and where a person who was not charged as aforesaid carried on the business otherwise than in partnership no such assessment shall be made on him.

53. For the purpose of making good to the Crown any loss of tax attributable to the fraud, wilful default or neglect of a person who has died, an assessment on his personal representatives to tax for any year of assessment ending not earlier than six years before his death may be made at any time before the end of the third year next following the year of assessment in which he died.

54. —(1) Where the amount of any penalty to which a person is liable under the Income Tax Acts is determined by reference to tax charged in an assessment for any year which is made not later than six years after the end of that year, proceedings for the recovery of the penalty shall not be out of time by reason that they are commenced after the time allowed by subsection (1) of section five hundred and one of the Income Tax Act, 1952, if they are commenced within three years from the final determination of the amount of that tax.

(2) Where the said amount was finally determined before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine, the proceedings shall not be out of time if they are commenced before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty-two.

(3) In any proceedings for the recovery of a penalty which could not have been commenced but for this section any tax charged in an assessment made under section fifty-one or section fifty-three of this Act shall be left out of account in determining the amount of the penalty.

55. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954, or the Summary Jurisdiction Acts (Northern Ireland), proceedings for an offence under any of the following enactments (which relate to false statements and false representations) that is to say —

(a) section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1946;

(b) section five hundred and five of the Income Tax Act, 1952; and

(c) section one of the Income Tax (Repayment of Post-War Credits) Act, 1959, may be commenced at any time within three years from the time when the offence was committed.

(2) In relation to proceedings under the said section five hundred and five, subsection (3) of section twenty-seven of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952, and section forty of the Summary

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

477

Jurisdiction (Sootland) Act, 1954, shall have effect as if for Part m the words "twenty-five pounds" there were substituted the words " one hundred pounds

56,—(1) Except as otherwise provided in this section, no Procedure proceedings shall be commenced against any person for the for recovery recovery of any fine or penalty under the Income Tax Acts " except by order of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue. penal

(2) Any such proceedings which are not instituted (in England,

Wales or Northern Ireland) under the Crown Proceedings Act,

1947, by and in the name of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue as an authorised department for the purposes of that Act shall be instituted in the name of an officer, or,—

(a) in England and Wales, in the name of the Attorney

General;

(b) in Scotland, in the name of the Lord Advocate; and

(c) in Northern Ireland, in the name of the Attorney General

for Northern Ireland.

(3) Any such proceedings may, except as otherwise provided in the Income Tax Acts, be commenced either before the General or Special Commissioners, or—

(a) in England. Wales or Northern Ireland, in the High

Court;

(b) in Scotland, in the Court of Session as the Court of

Exchequer in Sootland;

and any proceedings commenced as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection shall be deemed to be civil proceedings by the Crown within the meaning of Part II of the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, or, as the case may be, that Part as for the time being in force in Northern Ireland.

(4) The surveyor may, without an order of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, commence before the General Commissioners (or, in Northern Ireland, the Special Commissioners) proceedings for a penalty incurred by any person under subsection (1) of section forty-six of this Act for a failure to deliver, furnish or produce anything to the surveyor; but in any proceedings so commenced the Commissioners shall not in any case award, in respect of the first of the penalties mentioned in the said subsection (1), a sum exceeding fifty pounds.

(5) Where the person who has incurred any fine or penalty has died, any proceedings under this section which have been or could have been commenced against him may be continued or commenced against his personal representatives and any fine or penalty awarded in proceedings so continued or commenced shall be a debt due from and payable out of his estate; but nothing in this subsection shall extend the time for commencing proceedings against personal representatives.

478

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

Recovery of tax repaid in consequence of fraud or negligence.

Interest on tax recovered to make good loss due to taxpayer's fault

(6) Where any proceedings under this section are brought before any Commissioners, an appeal shall lie to the High Court or, in Scotland, the Court of Session as the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, from their decision—

(a) by any party, on a question of law; and

(b) by the defendant (or, in Scotland, the defender) against

die amount of any fine or penalty awarded;

and on any appeal under paragraph (b) of this subsection the court may either confirm the decision or reduce or increase the sum awarded.

(7) Proceedings under this section before any Commissioners shall be by way of information in writing, made to them, and upon summons issued by them to the defendant (or defender) to appear before them at a time and place stated in the summons, and they shall hear and determine each case in a summary way; and any penalty awarded by them in such proceedings shall for all purposes be treated as if it were tax charged in an assessment and due and payable.

(8) The Commissioners or the court before whom any proceedings for a penalty of a fixed amount are brought under this section may, if they think fit, give judgment for a less amount

(9) The Governor of Northern Ireland may, if he thinks fit appoint some other person to act instead of the Attorney General for Northern Ireland in relation to any matters to which this section relates, and in that case the reference in this section to the Attorney General for Northern Ireland shall be construed as a reference to the person so appointed.

57. Where, in consequence of a person’s fraud, wilful default or negligence, any tax has been repaid which ought not to have been repaid, the amount thereof may be charged under Case VI of Schedule D and recovered accordingly.

58. —(1) Where an assessment is made for the purpose of making good to the Crown a loss of tax wholly or partly attributable to the fraud, wilful default or neglect of any person, the tax charged by the assessment or, as the case may be, such part thereof as corresponds to the part so attributable, shall carry interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum from the date on which the tax ought to have been paid until payment.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the date when tax charged for any year of assessment ought to have been paid shall be taken to be the first day of January in that year, except that in the case of one-half of any tax specified in subsection (2) of section seventy-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952, it shall be taken to be the following first day of July, and in the case of surtax it shall be taken to be the following first day of January.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

479

(3) Tax carrying interest under this section shall not cany interest under section four hundred and ninety-five of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

(4) Subsection (4) of the said section four hundred and ninety-five and section four hundred and ninety-six of the Inoome Tax Act, 1952 (which provide for the recovery, and for the adjustment, in certain cases, of interest payable under the said section four hundred and ninety-five) shall apply in relation to interest payable under this section as they apply in relation to interest payable under that section.

(5) A certificate by the General or Special Commissioners that the tax or a specified part of the tax charged by an assessment specified in the certificate carries interest under this section from a date so specified shall be sufficient evidence of that fact in proceedings for the reoovery of that interest.

(6) A certificate under subsection (5) of this section shall not be given except on the application of the surveyor or a person nominated for that purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and on any such application the person charged by the assessment (or, if he has died, his personal representatives) shall be entitled to appear and be heard.

(7) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may at their discretion mitigate (whether before or after judgment) any interest due under this section and may stay or compound any proceedings for the recovery thereof.

59.—(1) Any penalty incurred by any person for a failure to comply with a precept under section fifty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1952, or incurred by any person under subsection (3) of section fifty-nine of that Act (which enables the General or Special Commissioners to summon witnesses) may be awarded summarily by them notwithstanding that no proceedings for its recovery have been commenced, and accordingly subsection (5) of section forty-six of this Act shall not apply to any penalty so awarded.

(2) An appeal shall lie to the High Court or, in Scotland, the Court of Session as the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, from the award of any penalty under this section, and on any such appeal the court may either confirm or reverse the decision of the Commissioners or reduce or increase the sum awarded.

(3) Any penalty awarded by virtue of this section shall for all purposes be treated as if it were tax charged in an assessment and due and payable.

(4) In subsection (3) of the said section fifty-nine for the words "twenty pounds" there shall be substituted the words M fifty pounds ".

Part in

Power of General or Special Commissioners in relation to appeals and assessments.

480

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 E 2

Part III

Evidence of income for the purposes of Part ni.

Application of Part III to the profits tax.

Application of Part III to certain regulations made with concurrence of Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

Interpretation of Part III.

60. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, any assessment which can no longer be varied by any Commissioners on appeal or by the order of any court shall be sufficient evidence that the income in respect of which tax is charged in the assessment arose or was received as stated therein.

61. The provisions of the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of making with respect to the profits tax provision corresponding to the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act.

62. In subsection (3) of section three of the National Insurance Act, 1959 (which imposes for a failure to comply with regulations made by virtue of that section the penalties provided by subsection (5) of section one hundred and fifty-seven of the Income Tax Act, 1952), for the words from the beginning to "this section " there shall be substituted the words " Sections forty-six and forty-seven of the Finance Act, 1960, shall apply in relation to regulations made by virtue of this section as they apply in relation to regulations made under section one hundred and fifty-seven of the Income Tax Act, 1952," and for the words " so made " there shall be substituted the words " made by virtue of this section ".

63. —(1) In this Part of this Act—

" assessment " includes additional assessment;

" neglect " means negligence or a failure to give any notice, make any return, statement or declaration, or to produce or furnish any list, document or other information required by or under the Income Tax Acts;

" the Summary Jurisdiction Acts (Northern Ireland) " means the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts and any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the time being in force amending those Acts;

and references to this Part of this Act include references to the Seventh Schedule to this Act.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, a person shall be deemed not to have failed to do anything required to be done within a limited time if he did it within such further time, if any, as the Commissioners or officer concerned may have allowed; and where a person had a reasonable excuse for not doing anything required to be done he shall be deemed not to have failed to do it if he did it without unreasonable delay after the excuse had ceased.

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, an assessment made in the partnership name and the tax charged in such an assessment shall, according to the law in Scotland as well as

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

481

according to the law elsewhere in the United Kingdom, be Part 111 deemed to be respectively an assessment made on the partners and tax charged on and payable by them.

(4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the amount of tax covered by any assessment shall not be deemed to be finally determined until that assessment can no longer be varied, whether by any Commissioners on appeal or by the order of any court

(5) The references in section forty-six of this Act to the amount of tax with which a person is charged for any year of assessment and to assessments made on him include, in the case of a person who has died, references to any amount with which his personal representatives are charged for that year and to assessments made on them.

Part IV Estate Duty

64.—(1) Where, in the case of a person dying after the fourth Estate duty: day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, any property is deemed graduation of to pass on the death by virtue of a gift or any other relevant ^2 disposition or event (estate duty being chargeable on the property 8"w’ apart from this section), and the death takes place in the third, fourth or last year of the five-year period, then subject to the provisions of this section the principal value of the property shall be reduced for estate duty purposes—

(a) by fifteen per cent, thereof, if the death takes {dace in the third year,

(b) by thirty per cent, thereof, if the death takes place in the fourth year,

(c) by sixty per cent, thereof, if the death takes place in the fifth year.

In this section " the five-year period " means the period of five years beginning with the relevant disposition or event.

(2) In this section "relevant disposition or event" means—

(a) any such disposition as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881 (gifts inter vivos), including—

(i) any such payment or application of money or money’s worth as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section thirty-one of the Finance Act, 1939 (discharge of debts etc. disallowable for estate duty valuation),

(ii) any such disposition in favour of a relative or company as under section forty-four of the Finance Act, 1940, is to be treated as a gift made by the deceased.

Q

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(iii) any such creation or extinguishment of a debt or other right as under section forty-five of the Finance Act, 1940, is to be deemed to have been a disposition of property, and

(iv) any such payment of a premium as under subsection (2) of section thirty-four of the Finance Act, 1959, is to be treated as a gift;

(b) any such disposition or determination of an interest as is

mentioned in subsection (1) of section forty-three of the Finance Act, 1940 (disposition or determination of life interests);

(c) any such disposition of the personal interest of a tenant

in tail as is mentioned in section forty-five of the Finance Act, 1950 (Parliamentary settled estates);

() any such purchase of an interest in settled property as

is mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1958 (purchases of interests in expectancy).

(3) Where, irrespective of the interval between the relevant disposition or event and the death, duty would be chargeable (apart from this section) by reason of a person’s not being entirely excluded from possession and enjoyment of property and of any benefit to him by contract or otherw ise, then—

(a) if he was not so excluded immediately before the death,

subsection (1) of this section shall not apply;

(b) if he was so excluded at any previous time and continued to be so excluded until the death (but duty would be chargeable as aforesaid by reason of that time not falling early enough before the death), subsection (1) of this section shall apply with the substitution for the reference to the five-year period of a reference to the period of five years beginning with that time.

(4) Where—

(a) under subsection (2) of section three of the Finance Act, 1894, a deduction from the value of the property falls to be made in respect of partial consideration, or

(b) under the provisions of subsection (1) of section forty-four of the Finance Act, 1940 (dispositions in favour of relatives) and of subsection (2) of section forty of the Finance Act, 1944 (relaxation of those provisions) one or more deductions fall to be made in the course of determining the amount on which estate duty is payable in accordance with those provisions, or

(c) by virtue of subsection (8) of section twenty-eight of the

Finance Act, 1958, any debt incurred or encumbrance created for the purpose of or in consideration of the

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

483

purchase of an interest in expectancy is allowable as a Part IV deduction for estate duty purposes,

subsection (1) of this section shall have effect subject to the modification that the reduction provided for by that subsection shall be applied after allowing for any such deduction.

(5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section, in subsection (2) of section fifty-nine of the Finance <1909-10)

Act, 1910 (exemption for small gifts inter vivos), section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1949 (extension of exemption for certain small gifts inter vivos) and subsection (11) of section thirty-eight of the Finance Act, 1957 (marginal relief in respect of the exemption provided for by the said section thirty-three), references to the aggregate value or amount of any gifts shall be construed as references to the aggregate value or amount thereof apart from any reduction under tins section.

65.—(1) Where, in the case of a person dying after the fourth Estate duty: day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, such a surrender as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section forty-eight of the benefits from Finance Act, 1940 (under which a surrender of title to benefits company from a company will not defeat a charge to estate duty under surrendered, section forty-six of that Act) is made bona fide at a time before the beginning of the two years ending with the death, the amount of any benefits treated as accruing to the deceased from the company which are so treated by virtue only of the operation of the said section forty-eight in relation to that surrender shall be reduced—

(a) by fifteen per cent, thereof if the said time fell during

the first of the three years ending with the death,

(b) by thirty per cent, thereof if it fell during the first of

the four years ending with the death, or

(c) by sixty per cent, thereof if it fell earlier.

(2) Where subsection (2) of section fifty-one of the Finance Act, 1940 (under which where estate duty is payable in respect of shares or debentures by virtue of which benefits accrued to the deceased, relief from duty under section forty-six of the Act is given by reference to the value of the shares or debentures) has effect as respects any shares or debentures by reason of any benefits being treated as accruing to the deceased, being benefits of which under the foregoing subsection the amount is reduced by any percentage, paragraphs (a) and (b) of the said subsection (2) shall so have effect as if for references to the value of the shares or debentures there were substituted references to their value reduced in the proportion which that percentage of the amount of the said benefits bears to the amount of all benefits accruing or treated as accruing to the deceased from the company by virtue of any interest that he at any time

484

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV

Valuation of assets of certain companies.

Increase of rate of profits tax.

had in the shares or debentures or by virtue of a power’s having at any time been exercisable by him or with his consent in relation thereto, and other references in the said section fifty-one shall be construed accordingly.

66.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in the case of a person dying after the fourth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, the principal value of assets of a company which are used in, and in the case of land or buildings are occupied for the purposes of, a trade or business carried on by the company shall be estimated for the purposes of section fifty-five of the Finance Act, 1940 (valuation, by reference to assets, of shares and debentures of certain companies) on the footing that the sale by reference to which (in accordance with subsection (5) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1894) the value of the assets is to be estimated is a sale of the business where the assets are subject to an enforceable restriction that they are to be used or occupied only for the purposes of that business.

(2) In the case of a company whose business consists wholly or mainly of one or more of the following, that is to say dealing in securities, stocks or shares, land or buildings or making or holding investments, subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to securities, stocks, shares, land or buildings belonging to the business at the time of the death.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not have effect so as to reduce the principal value of shares or debentures below whichever is the lower of—

(a) the amount at which it would have been estimated in

accordance with subsection (5) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1894,

(b) the amount at which it would have been estimated (under

section fifty-five of the Finance Act, 1940) if this section had not been passed;

and in section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1954 (reduced rate of duty on certain business assets), in subsection (2), after the words "section fifty-five of the Finance Act, 1940" there shall be inserted the words "or where paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section sixty-six of the Finance Act, 1960, operates to determine the principal value of any such shares or debentures ".

Part V

Miscellaneous

67. As from the beginning of April, nineteen hundred and sixty, the rate at which the profits tax is to be charged by virtue erf subsection (1) of section twenty-five of the Finance Act,

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

485

1958. shall be increased from ten per cent, to twelve and a half Part V per cent

68. If, on an appeal to the Special Commissioners under sub- Appeals section (7) of section thirty-two of the Finance Act, 1951 (direc- against tions to nullify transactions designed to avoid liability to the * profits tax), die appellant or the Commissioners of Inland IO * Revenue are dissatisfied with the determination of the Special Commissioners, they may require the appeal to be re-heard by

such a tribunal as is specified in subsection (7) of section twenty-eight of this Act; and subsection (8) of that section shall apply for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of the said subsection (7).

69. —(1) In respect of income arising to the trustees of an Assimilation of authorised unit trust scheme, the enactments relating to income authorised unit tax (including the regulations made thereunder) shall have effect ^vwtmmt as if the trustees were a company, resident in the United King- companies: dom, whose business consists mainly in the malting of invest- (income tax), ments and the principal part of whose income is derived therefrom, and as if the rights of the unit holders were shares of

the company, and so much of the income arising as aforesaid as is available for payment to unit holders or for investment were dividends on such shares paid to them in proportion to their rights, the date of payment, in the case of income not paid to unit holders, being taken to be—

(a) the date or latest date provided by the terms of the

scheme for any distribution in respect of the distribution period in question;

(b) if no date is so provided, the last day of the distribution period.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection—

(a) sums periodically appropriated out of income arising as aforesaid for managers' remuneration shall be treated for the purposes of section four hundred and twenty-five of the Income Tax Act, 1952, as sums disbursed as expenses of management,

(b) the proportion of income attributable to any unit holder, being income not paid to unit holders but available for investment, shall be treated as an amount paid to the unit holder after such deduction of tax as is authorised by subsection (1) of section one hundred and eighty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1952;

(c) section one hundred and ninety-nine of that Act shall

apply with any necessary modifications.

486

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V

Assimilation of authorised unit trust schemes to investment companies: (profits tax).

70.—(1) For the purposes of the profits tax the holding of investments subject to the trusts of an authorised unit trust scheme shall in all cases be treated as a business carried on by the trustees; and—

(a) income shall not be excluded from profits chargeable to

the tax by reason only that the trustees are not beneficially entitled thereto;

(b) the holding of the investments subject to the trusts of

any one scheme shall be treated as a separate business, and any notice given under section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1937 (grouping of profits and losses of principal and subsidiary companies) shall not apply in relation to any such business;

(c) the trustees shall be treated in relation to any such

business as a body corporate ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom, irrespective of their actual residence.

(2) So much of the income arising to the trustees of an authorised unit trust scheme as is received by unit holders shall be treated for profits tax purposes as if it were so received by way of dividend.

Supplementary provisions relating to ss. 69 and

70.

71.—(1) In the two foregoing sections " authorised unit trust scheme " means, as respects any year of assessment (for income tax purposes) or chargeable accounting period (for profits tax purposes), a unit trust scheme in the case of which an order of the Board of Trade under section seventeen of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958, or of the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland under section sixteen of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act (Northern Ireland), 1940, is in force during the whole or some part of that year or accounting period, and " unit holder " means a person entitled to a share of the investments subject to the trusts of a unit trust scheme.

(2) In ascertaining the amount available for distribution to unit holders in respect of any distribution period the trustees of an authorised unit trust may make such adjustments as may be reasonably required to allow for liabilities to and reliefs from tax where the amount of the liability or relief is not yet ascertained.

(3) The two foregoing sections shall have effect, in relation to any unit trust scheme, from the beginning of the first distribution period of the scheme beginning after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty.

(4) In section sixty-nine of this Act and this section " distribution period" means a period over which income from the investments subject to the trusts is aggregated for the purpose of ascertaining the ? mount available for distribution to unit holders.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

487

72.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, as respects the year 1960-61 and subsequent years of assessment Chapter II of Part X of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and such other provisions of the Income Tax Acts as relate to allowances (including investment allowances) under that Chapter and to charges thereunder shall apply with any necessary adaptations in relation to any such machinery or plant as is mentioned in subsection

(2) of this section as they apply in relation to machinery or plant provided for use or used for the purposes of a trade; and in relation to any allowances and balancing charges which hill to be made by virtue of this section the Income Tax Acts shall apply (except as respects the time and manner of claiming or giving effect to the allowances or charges) as if they were to be made in charging the profits or gains of a trade:

Provided that no investment allowance shall be made by virtue of subsection (2) of section two hundred and seventy-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to expenditure incurred for the purposes of a trade by a person about to carry it on), in respect of expenditure incurred before the year 1960-61.

(2) The machinery or plant to which the said Chapter II is to apply by virtue of the foregoing subsection is—

(a) machinery or plant provided for use or used for the

purposes of the management of—

(i) the business of any such company as is mentioned in section four hundred and twenty-five of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to certain life assurance companies and investment companies); or

(ii) the business of any body of persons to which that section is applied by section four hundred and thirty-eight of the Act (which relates to savings banks and certain industrial and provident societies); and

(b) machinery or plant provided for use or used by the

owner of land or houses chargeable under Schedule A for the maintenance, repairs or management of the land or houses.

(3) Allowances and balancing charges which by virtue of this section fall to be made to or on a person for any year of assessment shall be made, on his management expenses claim in respect of the business referred to in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection, or his maintenance claim in respect of the land or houses referred to in paragraph (b) thereof, as the case may be, by adding the amount of any such allowances to the relevant expenditure and by deducting the amount on which any such charge is to be made from that expenditure (or from the sum of that expenditure and any addition made to it under this subsection):

Part V Capital allowances for certain business or estate

management

expenditure.

488

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V Provided that—

(a) any charge shall be made under Case VI of Schedule D

if or in so far as a deduction cannot be made for it under this subsection (whether for the want of a management expenses claim or maintenance claim or for the want or insufficiency of the relevant expenditure); and

(b) the net amount which under this subsection is added

to or deducted from the relevant expenditure on a person’s maintenance claim in respect of any land or houses shall, on any assessment in respect of the same property made by virtue of section one hundred and seventy-six of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to excess rents under certain short leases), be also added to or deducted from the corresponding amount referred to in paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of that section.

(4) In relation to allowances and charges falling to be made for any year of assessment in accordance with this section,—

(a) die basis period for the purposes of the said Chapter II is that year of assessment; and

(b) "the relevant expenditure" in the last foregoing subsection—

(i) in the case of allowances and charges to be made on a management expenses claim, means the sums disbursed as expenses of management of the business for that year; and

(ii) in the case of allowances and charges to be made on a maintenance claim, means the cost to the claimant of maintenance, repairs, insurance and management in respect of the land or houses for that year as determined under section one hundred and one of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

(5) Where the allowances falling by virtue of this section to be made to a person on a maintenance claim for any year of assessment, other than investment allowances, exceed the increase due to those allowances in the following amounts, that is to say,—

(a) the amount by which that person’s total income for

the year in question is reduced by the operation of the said section one hundred and one or paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of the said section one hundred and seventy-six; and

(b) the amount which is to be treated under section three

hundred and thirteen of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to cases where the assessment on agricultural land is too low for full relief to be given under section one hundred and one), as an allowance for

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

489

that year falling to be made to that person by way of Part V discharge or repayment of tax;

the excess shall be left out of account for the purpose of determining whether any, and if so what, balancing allowance or balancing charge falls to be made to or on him for any subsequent year of assessment, and for that purpose shall be deducted from the allowances (if more than one) rateably in proportion to their amounts or in such other manner as he may elect.

Nothing in this subsection shall affect the operation of section two hundred and ninety-five of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (under which annual allowances are deemed to have been made in certain cases for years in which they are not made), nor shall anything in that section affect the operation of this subsection.

(6) No allowance, other than an investment allowance, and no balancing charge Shall be made by virtue of tins section for any year of assessment in respect of expenditure incurred by any person on machinery or plant, except in pursuance of an election made by him for that year of assessment; but an election for any year of assessment shall have effect as an election for that and all subsequent years of assessment.

(7) An election under the last foregoing subsection shall be made in a management expenses claim or a maintenance claim, as the case may be, and may be made either for all machinery or plant provided for use or used for the purposes of the management of the relevant business, or for the maintenance, repairs or management of the relevant land or houses, as the case may be, or for any class of machinery or plant so provided or used; but an election for machinery or plant of any class shall not be made for any year of assessment after effect has been given without such an election to a management expenses or maintenance claim relating to that or a subsequent year of assessment in respect of the business or of the land or houses in question. 8 9

(8) Corresponding allowances or charges in the case of the same machinery or plant shall not be made under the said Chapter II (whether for the same year of assessment or for different years) both on a management expenses or maintenance claim and in some other way; and, on any management expenses claim, maintenance claim or assessment under the said section one hundred and seventy-six, expenditure to which an election under this section applies shall not be taken into account otherwise than under the said Chapter II (except, on a management expenses claim, for the purpose of carrying forward a sum from a previous year of assessment in accordance with subsection (1A) of section four hundred and twenty-five of the Income Tax Act, 1952).

(9) For the purposes of a claim by a company for the year 1960-61 or any subsequent year of assessment under subsection

Q*

490

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part v (5) of section two hundred and sixty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which provides that for the purposes of the charge of surtax under that section on an investment company’s income other -than estate or trading income there may be deducted any excess of certain expenditure on maintenance, repairs, insurance and management over the gross estate or trading income of the company), the cost of maintenance, repairs, insurance and management incurred by the company in the year, and the amount of its gross estate or trading income for the year, shall be computed in all respects as if this section had not been passed; and for the proviso to the said subsection (5) there shall, in relation to any such claim, be substituted—

"Provided that the expenditure taken into account for the purpose of making any such reduction as aforesaid in a company’s income shall, in computing the company’s estate or trading income for any subsequent year, be treated as reduced rateably by the amount of the said reduction in the company’s income

(10) Where under the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1954, an investment allowance made by virtue of this section is withdrawn, or an initial allowance is substituted therefor, any tax which becomes chargeable by reason of the withdrawal or substitution, may, if not otherwise recovered, be assessed under Case VI of Schedule D and recovered accordingly, and any such assessment may be made at any time.

(11) In this section—

" management expenses claim " means a claim under section four hundred and twenty-five of the Income Tax Act, 1952;

" maintenance claim " means a claim under section one hundred and one of that Act;

and references to the purposes of the management of a business are to be taken as referring to those purposes expenditure on which would, apart from this section, be treated as expenses of management on a management expenses claim in respect of the business.

(12) The Income Tax Acts shall have effect, and this section shall be construed, as if the foregoing provisions of this section were contained in the said Chapter II.

(13) The references in this section to the Income Tax Acts shall include subsection (12) of section sixteen of the Finance Act, 1954 (which provides for investment allowances for the purposes of the profits tax); but save as aforesaid this section shall not affect the profits tax.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

491

73.—(1) The emoluments paid by the Government of any designated country to a member of a visiting force of that country, not being a citizen of the United Kingdom and colonies, shall be exempt from income tax and from estate duty in connection with his death.

(2) Where any such member of a visiting force as is referred to in subsection (1) of this section dies while serving as a member of the force in the United Kingdom, any tangible movable property the presence of which in the United Kingdom at the time of his death is due solely to his presence in the United Kingdom while so serving shall be exempt from estate duty in connection with his death.

Part V Visiting forces and staffs of allied

headquarters (income tax and estate duty exemptions).

(3) A period during which any such member of a visiting force as is referred to in subsection (1) of this section is in the United Kingdom by reason solely of his being such a member shall not be treated, for purposes either of income tax or of estate duty in connection with his death, as a period of residence in the United Kingdom, or as creating a change of his residence or domicile:

Provided that this subsection shall not affect the operation in the case of any person for any year of assessment of section two hundred and twenty-seven of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which confines the personal reliefs under Part VIII of that Act to residents in the United Kingdom, with a limited exception for certain cases).

(4) In the foregoing provisions of this section, references to a visiting force shall apply to a civilian component of a visiting force as they apply to the force itself, and those provisions shall be construed as one with Part I of the Visiting Forces Act, 1952, but so that for the purposes of this section references to a designated country shall be substituted in that Act for references to a country to which a provision of that Act applies.

(5) For the purpose of conferring on persons attached to any designated allied headquarters the like benefits as are conferred by subsections (1) to (3) of this section on members of a visiting force or civilian component, any members of the armed forces of a designated country shall, while attached to any such headquarters, be deemed to constitute a visiting force of that country, and there shall be a corresponding extension of the class of persons who may be treated as members of a civilian component of such a visiting force.

(6) In the case of persons of any category for the time being agreed between Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the other members of the North Atlantic Council—

(a) employment by a designated allied headquarters shall be treated for the purposes of subsections (2) and (3) of this section as if it were service as a member of a visiting force of a designated country; and

Q* 2

492

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V

Visiting forces and allied headquarters (stamp duty exemptions).

(b) the emoluments paid by a designated allied headquarters to persons employed by such a headquarters shall be exempt from income tax, but this exemption shall cease to apply to citizens of the United Kingdom and colonies if it becomes unnecessary that it should so apply for the purpose of giving effect to any agreement between parties to the North Atlantic Treaty.

(7) For the purposes of this section—

"allied headquarters" means any international military headquarters established under the North Atlantic Treaty;

" designated " means designated for the purpose in question by or under any Order in Council made for giving effect to any international agreement.

(8) Any Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

(9) Notwithstanding anything in the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall, as respects estate duty payable under the laws of Northern Ireland, have power to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of this section.

74.—(1) Subsections (2) to (4) of this section shall have effect with a view to conferring exemptions from stamp duty (corresponding to exemptions applicable in the case of Her Majesty’s forces) in relation to any visiting force of a designated country, and in those subsections "a force" means any such visiting force as aforesaid.

(2) There shall be exempted from all stamp duties any contract, conveyance or other document made with a view to building or enlarging barracks or camps for a force, or to facilitating the training in the United Kingdom of a force, or to promoting the health or efficiency of a force.

(3) There shall be exempted from the duty under either heading " Bill of exchange " in the First Schedule to the Stamp Act, 1891, any bill for any pay or allowance of a force or for any other expenditure connected therewith, being a bill drawn upon and payable out of a public account of the country to which the force belongs.

(4) There shall be exempted from the duty under the heading " Receipt " in the First Schedule to the Stamp Act, 1891—

(a) any receipt given for or upon the payment of money to

or for the use of the authorities of a force;

(b) any receipt given by any person in the service of the country to which a force belongs for money paid by way of imprest or advance for the service of the

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

493

force, or in adjustment of an account of money Part V paid for the service of the force, where he derives no personal benefit therefrom.

(5) Subsections (2) to (4) of this section shall have effect in relation to any designated allied headquarters as if—

(i a)the headquarters were a visiting force of a designated country;

(b) the members of that force consisted of such of the persons serving at or attached to the headquarters as are members of the armed forces of a designated country;

(c) the references to the country to which a force belongs

included 9oth any designated allied headquarters and, in relation to any such person as aforesaid, the country of whose armed forces he is a member.

(6) For the purposes of this section—

(a) " allied headquarters " means any international military

headquarters established or to be established under the North Atlantic Treaty;

(b) " designated " means designated for the purpose in

question by or under any Order in Council;

(c) " visiting force " means any body, contingent or detach-

ment of a country’s forces which is for the time being or is to be present in the United Kingdom on the invitation of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

(7) Any Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

(8) Notwithstanding anything in the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall, as respects stamp duties payable under the laws of Northern Ireland, have power to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of this section.

(9) This section shall be construed as one with the Stamp Act,

1891.

75. Subject to such conditions as they may impose for the Relief from protection of the revenue, the Commissioners, upon an applica- purchase tax tion in writing made to them in that behalf, may if they think ?n

fit remit purchase tax chargeable in respect of any article if Serieslor they are satisfied that the purchase, importation or other act museums, etc. by virtue of which the tax is chargeable was made or done for the purpose of enabling the article to be used as an exhibit or specimen in a gallery, museum or similar institution, being an institution approved by the Treasury for the purposes of this section, and that the article is not intended for subsequent sale.

76. —(1) If an importer into the United Kingdom of any goods from

to which this section applies makes application to be relieved onTmwrtetion of purchase tax payable on the importation of the goods, the certain Treasury, if in all the circumstances of the case, and having goods.

494

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V regard to the fact that purchase tax is payable on the like goods on chargeable transactions in the United Kingdom, they think fit so to do, may direct that purchase tax shall not be payable on the importation of the goods or, if it has been paid thereon, shall be repaid.

(2) Any application under the foregoing subsection must be in writing and must, except in a case where the Commissioners otherwise allow, be made before the goods have been released from customs control.

(3) In giving a direction under this section the Treasury may impose conditions (including conditions prohibiting or restricting the disposal of or dealing with the goods), and if any condition subject to which such a direction is given is not observed the importer shall become liable to pay the tax of which he was relieved by the direction; and the Commissioners may, if they see fit, require the importer to give security by bond or otherwise for the observance of the conditions and the payment of any tax becoming due by reason of any breach of the conditions or in accordance with the terms of any consent given under the conditions to a disposal of or dealing with the goods.

(4) This section applies—

(a) to any goods as respects which it appears to the Treasury

that relief from purchase tax on the importation thereof is necessary or expedient with a view to conforming with an international agreement relating to matters other than commercial relations;

(b) to any such articles as are mentioned in paragraph 2 of

the Fourth Schedule to the Import Duties Act, 1958 (which relates to articles imported for examination or testing with a view to the manufacture in the United Kingdom of similar articles or goods made from or containing similar articles) or paragraph 3 of that Schedule (which relates to articles intended to be used for the advancement of science, learning or art or the promotion of sport, and not to be sold or used commercially);

(c) to any goods as to which the Treasury are satisfied

that it is intended to re-export them or goods incorporating them or manufactured or produced from them, that there are special reasons why, with a view to promoting the interests of the export trade or similar interests, purchase tax should not be charged on their importation and that it is in the national interest that it should not be.

Premium 77.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have

Savings Bonds, effect with respect to Premium Savings Bonds referred to in the prospectus dated the first day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six (hereinafter referred to as bonds of series A) and the second issue of Premium Savings Bonds (hereinafter referred to as bonds of series B).

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

495

(2) If on or after the publication of a prospectus relating to Part V the issue of bonds of series B the Treasury by notice published

in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes appoint a date for the purposes of this section, being a date not less than one month after the first publication of the notice, then as from that date any bond of series A in the case of which the sum repayable in respect of the bond has not been repaid before that date shall be deemed—

(a) to be a bond of series B; and

(b) to have been purchased by, or, as the case may be, on behalf of, the person who was the holder of the bond of series A; and for the purposes of the arrangements for constituting the prize fund from which prizes are allotted to holders of bonds of series B and the allocation of the prizes that bond shall be deemed at any time to have been held as a bond of series B for the period elapsing between its purchase as a bond of series A and the said time.

(3) The notice published by the Treasury in pursuance of the foregoing subsection shall contain such explanation as appears to the Treasury requisite of the effect of this section.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section the sum repayable in respect of a Premium Savings Bond shall be deemed to be repaid on the date on which a warrant for that sum, or for a sum which includes that sum, is posted to a person entitled to receive the repayment.

78.—(1) The power conferred by section forty-two of the Exchequer Finance Act, 1956, to make advances to certain bodies of sums advances to which they would have power to borrow by the issue of stock shall be exercisable up till the end of August, nineteen hundred undertakings, and sixty-three, subject to the limits for the time being prescribed by law on the amounts outstanding in respect of sums borrowed by those bodies and subject to the following limitations:—

(a) the aggregate of the advances made under that section up to the end of August nineteen hundred and sixty-one shall not exceed two thousand and fifty million pounds;

(b) no advances shall be made under that section during either of the subsequent two years unless provision has been made by order of the Treasury fixing a maximum amount for the aggregate of the advances to be made under the said section forty-two up to the end of that year.

(2) An order under this section shall not have effect unless approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(3) Any power conferred by this section to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and shall include power to vary or revoke an order.

496

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V (4) Subsection (3) of the said section forty-two (which fixes the maximum amounts of advances under the section and the period within which they may be made) shall cease to have effect

Part VI General

Short title, 79.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1960.

»!kSo"’ (2) " The Act of 1952 " in Part I of this Act means the Customs extent and * and Excise Act, 1952, and in Part II of this Act means the repeal. Income Tax Act, 1952.

(3) Parts I to V of this Act shall be construed as one with the enactments mentioned in the following paragraphs, that is to say—

\a) Part I with the Customs and Excise Act, 1952;

(6) Part II with the Income Tax Acts;

(c) Parts 111 and V, so far as they relate to income tax

with the Income Tax Acts, and so far as they relate to the profits tax with Part III of the Finance Act, 1937, and the other enactments relating to that tax;

() Part IV, and Part V so far as it relates to estate duty,

with Part I of the Finance Act, 1894;

(e) Part V, so far as it relates to purchase tax, with Part V

of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940.

(4) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or applied by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(5) Save as otherwise expressly provided, such of the provisions of this Act as relate to matters in respect of which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(6) The enactments specified in the Eighth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule, and the said repeals shall have effect—

(a) in the case of the enactments specified in Part I of

that Schedule, from the passing of this Act, subject, in the case of the enactments mentioned in subsection (4) of section forty of this Act, to the provisions of that subsection;

(b) in the case of the enactments specified in Part II of that

Schedule, subject to the provisions of section forty-four of this Act;

(c) in the case of the enactments specified in Part III of

that Schedule, from the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and sixty; but no repeal of any enactment specified in the said Part I shall affect any vehicle excise licence taken out before the passing of

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

497

this Act or any tobacco dealer’s licence granted before the beginning of October, nineteen hundred and sixty, or the effect as respects the sale of tobacco of any such excise licence as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section six of this Act which was granted as aforesaid.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Application of Part IX of Act of 1952 to Spirits Section 3.

Consignment Notes.

1. —(1) Section two hundred and forty-one (general provisions as to permits and certificates) shall be amended as follows.

(2) After subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

"(1a) As respects goods in the case of which a requirement is imposed by the customs or excise Acts that a spirits consignment note shall be sent in connection with their removal, the Commissioners may make regulations requiring the keeping and production of such notes and copies thereof, and of stock books."

(3) In the proviso to subsection (2) (penalty not to be incurred for failure to deliver up permit where lost or destroyed more than three months after issue) after the words "deliver up a permit" there shall be inserted die words "or keep or produce a spirits consignment note or copy of such a note ", after the words " the permit" there shall be inserted the words "or note", and for the words " more than three months after the date of its issue " there shall be substituted the words " by accident ".

2. In section two hundred and forty-two (offences in connection with permits and certificates) in subsection (1) after the words " for the removal of any goods " there shall be inserted the words " or a spirits consignment note is required in connection with the removal of any goods", after paragraph (a) there shall be inserted—

" (aa) sends out, or causes to be sent out, any such goods without the proper spirits consignment note being duly sent,

M

or »

in paragraphs (c) to (e) after the word "permit" there shall be inserted the words " or spirits consignment note ", and in paragraph

(e) after the word "with " there shall be inserted the words " or in connection with ".

3. In section two hundred and forty-three, in subsection (1), after the word "permit" in each place where it occurs there shall be inserted the words " or spirits consignment note ".

SECOND SCHEDULE Supplementary Provisions as to Marking of Heavy Oils Section 9.

Part I Regulations

The purposes for which regulations may be made by virtue of subsection (3) of section nine of this Act are the following: —

(a) specifying the substances which are to be prescribed markers for the purposes of that section;

498

Ch 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. (b) providing that the presence of a marker shall be disregarded

if the proportion in which it is present is less than that prescribed for the purposes of this paragraph;

(c) requiring as a condition of allowing rebate on any heavy

oils, subject to any exceptions provided by or under the regulations, that there shall have been added to those oils, at such time, in such manner and in such proportions as may be prescribed, one or more prescribed markers, with a prescribed colouring substance (not being a prescribed marker), and that a declaration to that effect is furnished;

() prohibiting the addition to any heavy oils of any prescribed marker or prescribed colouring substance except in such circumstances as may be prescribed;

(e) prohibiting the removal from any heavy oils of any

prescribed marker or prescribed colouring substance;

(f) prohibiting the addition to heavy oils of any substance,

not being a prescribed marker, which is calculated to impede the identification of a prescribed marker;

(g) regulating the storage or movement of prescribed markers

and of heavy oils in respect of which rebate has been allowed;

(h) requiring any person who adds a prescribed marker to any heavy oils to keep in such manner and to preserve for such period as may be prescribed by the regulations such accounts and records in connection with his use of that marker as may be so prescribed, and requiring the production of the accounts and records;

(0 authorising the entry and inspection of premises, other than private dwelling houses, and authorising, or requiring the giving of facilities for, the inspection of heavy oils found on any premises entered or of oils forming part of the fuel supply of any vehicle and the taking of samples of any oils inspected;

O’) requiring, either generally or as respects any prescribed description of vehicle, that a vehicle constructed or adapted for use on roads and for which heavy oils can be used as fuel shall display the prescribed mark in the prescribed manner, and that the mark shall be kept unobscured and in such a state as to be easily distinguishable;

(k) requiring the production of books or documents relating to the sale, purchase, or disposal of heavy oils;

(/) requiring, in such circumstances or subject to such exceptions as may be prescribed, that any drum, storage tank, delivery pump or other container or outlet which contains any heavy oils in which a prescribed marker is present shall be marked in the prescribed manner to indicate that the oils are not to be used as road fuel;

(m) requiring any person who sells any heavy oils in which a prescribed marker is present to deliver to the buyer a document containing a statement in the prescribed form to the effect that the oils are not to be used as road fuel;

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

499

(/t) prohibiting the sale for use as fuel for any vehicle, being a vehicle to which section two hundred of the Act of 1952 applies, of any heavy oils the colour of which would prevent any prescribed colouring substance from being readily visible if present therein;

(o) prohibiting the importation of heavy oils in which any prescribed marker, or any other substance which is calculated to impede the identification of a prescribed marker, is present;

(p) prohibiting persons, in such circumstances as may be specified in the regulations, from selling heavy oils in respect of which rebate has been allowed and not repaid, except under and in accordance with licences granted by the Commissioners.

In this Part of this Schedule "prescribed* means prescribed by such regulations as aforesaid; and references in this Part of this Schedule to the use of oils as fuel for a vehicle shall be construed in accordance with subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1959.

Part n Sampling

1. The person taking a sample—

(a) if he takes it from a motor vehicle, shall if practicable do

so in the presence of the owner or person for the time being in charge of the vehicle;

(b) if he takes the sample on any premises but not from a

motor vehide, shall if practicable take it in the presence of the occupier or person for the time being in charge of those premises.

2. —(1) The result of an analysts of a sample shall not be admissible on behalf of the prosecution in any proceedings in respect of an offence under section two hundred or two hundred and eight of the Act of 1952 (which respectively impose restrictions on the use and mixing of heavy oils in respect of which rebate has been allowed and not repaid) or under any regulations made under section one hundred and ninety-eight of that Act unless the analysis was made by an authorised analyst and the requirements of the foregoing paragraph (where applicable) and of the following provisions of this paragraph have been complied with.

(2) The person taking a sample must at the time have divided it into three parts (including the part to be analysed), marked and sealed or fastened up each part, and—

(a) delivered one part to the owner or person in charge of

(the vehicle or, as the case may be, the occupier or person in charge of the premises, if he requires it; and

(b) retained one part for future comparison.

(3) Where it was not practicable to comply with the relevant requirements of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the person taking the sample must have served notice on the owner or person in charge of the vehicle or, as the case may be, the occupier of the premises informing him that the sample has been taken and that one part of it is available for delivenr to him, if he requires it. at such time and place as may be specified in the notice.

2nd See.

500

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. 3. In any such proceedings as are mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of the foregoing paragraph a certificate purporting to be signed by an authorised analyst and certifying the presence of any substance in any such sample of heavy oils as may be specified in the certificate shall be evidence, and in Scotland sufficient evidence, of the facts therein stated:

Provided that (without prejudice to the admissibility of the evidence of the analyst, which shall be sufficient in Scotland as well as in England) such a certificate shall not be admissible as evidence—

(a) unless a copy thereof has, not less than seven days before

the hearing, been served on the person charged with the offence; or

(b) if that person, not less than three days before the hearing or within such further time as the oourt may in special circumstances allow, serves notice on the prosecutor requiring the aittendance at the hearing of the person by whom the analysis was made.

4.—(1) Any notice required or authorised to be given under this Schedule shall be in writing.

(2) Any such notice shall be deemed, unless the contrary is shown, to have been received by a person if it is shown to have been left for him at his last-known residence or place of business in the United Kingdom.

(3) Any such notice may be given by post, and the letter containing the notice may be sent to the last-known residence or place of business in the United Kingdom of the person to whom it is directed.

(4) Any such notice given to >the secretary or clerk of a company or body of persons (incorporated or unincorporated) on behalf of the company or body shall be deemed to have been given to the company or body; and for the purpose of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph any such company or body of persons having an office in the United Kingdom shall be treated as resident at that office or, if it has more than one, at the registered or principal office.

(5) Where any such notice is to be given to any person as the occupier of any land, and it is not practicable after reasonable inquiry to ascertain—

(a) what is the name of any person being the occupier thereof, or

(b) whether or not there is a person being the occupier thereof,

the notice may be addressed to the person concerned by any sufficient description of the capacity in which it is given to him.

(6) In any case to which the foregoing sub-paragraph applies, and in any other case where it is not practicable after reasonable inquiry to ascertain an address in the United Kingdom for the service of a notice to be given to a person as being the occupier of any land, the notice shall be deemed to have been received by the person concerned on being left for him on the land, either in the hands of a responsible person or conspicuously affixed to some building or object on the land.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

501

(7) The foregoing provisions of this paragraph (other than sub- 2nd Sch. paragraph (1)) shall not affect the validity of any notice duly given otherwise than in accordance with those provisions.

5. In this Part of this Schedule the expression "authorised analyst'’ means the Government Chemist or a person acting under his direction, the Government Chemist for Northern Ireland or a person acting under his direction, any chemist authorised by the Treasury to make analyses for the purposes of this Schedule, or any other person appointed under section eighty-nine of the Food and Drugs Act, 1955, section twenty-seven of the Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act, 1956, or section thirty-one of the Food and Drugs Act (Northern Ireland), 1958, as a public analyst or deputy public analyst.

6. References in this Part of this Schedule to the taking of a sample or to a sample shall be construed respectively as references to the taking of a sample in pursuance of regulations made by virtue of section nine of this Act and to a sample so taken.

THIRD SCHEDULE section 19.

Relief for National Insurance Contributions Part I

Descriptions of Contributors and Amounts for Relibf Description of contributor Amount for reliei

1. Employed persons over the age of eighteen 15

2. Employed persons under the age of

eighteen—

(a) boys 8

(b) girls 6

3. Self-employed persons over the age of

eighteen—

(a) men 20

(b) women 16

4. Self-employed persons under the age of

eighteen—

(a) boys 12

(b) girls 9

5. Non-employed persons over the age of

eighteen—

(a) men 19

(b) women 15

6. Non-employed persons under the age of

eighteen—

(a) boys 11

(b) girls 9

Part n

Application of Part I to Special Cases

1. The amounts specified in the second column of Part I of this Schedule relate to a claim for a single description for a whole year

le

502

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

3rd Sen.

Section 38.

of assessment, and shall be reduced proportionately where the dormant proves that he is a contributor of any particular description for part only of a year.

2. In relation to a contributor being a married woman or widow who as such is by virtue of regulations under the National Insurance Act not required to pay contributions under subsection (2) of section two of that Act, paragraph 1 of Part I of this Schedule shall have effect with the substitution of £5 for £15 in the second column and paragraph 2 thereof shall have effect with the substitution of £5 for £6.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Reliefs in respect of Tax under Section Thirty-seven Preliminary

1. Relief shall be allowed in accordance with the following provisions of this Schedule in respect of tax chargeable by virtue of section thirty-seven of this Act, where a claim is duly made in accordance with subsection (4) of section thirty-eight of this Act

2. A person shall not be entitled to relief under this Schedule in so far as such relief, together with any relief allowed under Part VIII of the Act of 1952, would reduce the amount of income on which he is chargeable at the standard rate below the amount tax on which he is entitled to charge against any other person, or to deduct, retain or satisfy out of any payment which he is liable to make to any other person.

Relief by reduction of sums chargeable

3. In computing the charge to tax in respect of a payment chargeable to tax under section thirty-seven of this Act, not being a payment of compensation for loss of office, there shall be deducted from the payment a sum equal to the amount (if any) by which the standard capital superannuation benefit for the office or employment in respect of which the payment is made exceeds five thousand pounds.

4. In this Schedule Mthe standard capital superannuation benefit", in relation to an office or employment, means a sum arrived at as follows, that is to say—

(a) there shall be ascertained the average for one year of the holder’s emoluments of the office or employment for the last three years of his service before the relevant date (or for the whole period of his service if less than three years);

(b) one-twentieth of the amount ascertained at (a) shall be multiplied by the whole number of complete years of the service of the holder in the office or employment; and

(c) there shall be deducted from the product at (b) a sum equal

to the amount, or, as the case may be, to the value at the relevant date, of any lump sum (not chargeable to tax) received or receivable by the holder in respect of the office or employment in pursuance of any such scheme or fund as is referred to in paragraph () of subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of this Act:

Provided that no account shall be taken for the purposes of this paragraph of the service of any person as an officer or employee

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

503

of a body corporate at any time while he was a controlling director 4th Sch. (as defined by section three hundred and ninety of the Act of 1952) of that body.

5. Where tax is chargeable under section thirty-seven of this Act in respect of two or more payments to which paragraph 3 of this Schedule applies, being payments made to or in respect of the same person in respect of the same office or employment or in respect of different offices or employments held under Che same employer or under associated employers, then—

(a) the said paragraph 3 shall apply as if those payments were

a single payment of an amount equal to their aggregate amount and, where they are made in respect of different offices or employments, as if the standard capital superannuation benefit were an amount equal to the sum of the standard capital superannuation benefits for those offices or employments;

(b) where the payments are treated as income of different years of assessment, the relief to be granted under that paragraph in respect of a payment chargeable for any year of assessment shall be the amount by which the relief computed in accordance with the foregoing provision in respect of that payment and any payments chargeable for previous years of assessment exceeds the relief in respect of the last-mentioned payments;

and where the standard capital superannuation benefit for an office or employment in respect of which two or more of the payments are made is not the same in relation to each of those payments, it shall be treated for the purposes of this paragraph as equal to the higher or highest of those benefits.

6. In computing the charge to tax in respect of a payment chargeable to tax under section thirty-seven of this Act, being a payment made in respect of an office or employment in which the service of the holder includes foreign service and not being a payment of compensation for loss of office, there shall be deducted from the payment (in addition to any deduction allowed under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule) a sum which bears to the. amount which would be chargeable to tax apart from this paragraph the same proportion as the length of the foreign service bears to the length of the service before the relevant date.

Relief by reduction of tax

7. In the case of any payment in respect of which tax is chargeable under section thirty-seven of this Act, the following relief shall be allowed by way of deduction from the tax chargeable by virtue of that section, that is to say, there shall be ascertained—

(i a) the amount of tax which would be chargeable apart from this paragraph in respect of the income of the holder or past holder of the office or employment for the year of assessment of which the payment is treated as income;

504

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

4th Sen.

(b) the amount of tax which would be so chargeable if the payment had not been made;

(c) the difference between the respective amounts of tax which

would be so chargeable on the assumptions—

(i) that the appropriate fraction only of the payment (after deducting any relief applicable thereto under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule) had been made; and

(ii) that no part of the payment had been made;

and disregarding, in each case, any other emoluments of the office or employment;

and the amount to be deducted shall be the difference between the amount ascertained at (a) and the sum of the amount ascertained at (b)and the appropriate multiple of the difference ascertained at (c).

8. Where the income of the holder or past holder of the office or employment for the year of assessment of which the payment is treated as income includes income, tax on which he is entitled to charge against any other person, or to deduct, retain or satisfy out of any payment which he is liable to make to any other person, the amounts referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) of paragraph 7 of this Schedule shall be calculated as if that tax were not chargeable in respect of that income.

9. In this Schedule " the appropriate fracdon " and " the appropriate multiple ", in relation to any payment, mean respectively—

(a) where the payment is not a payment of compensation for loss of office, one-sixth and six;

(b) where the payment is a payment of compensation for loss

of office, one divided by the relevant number of years of unexpired service, and that number of years;

and for the purposes of this paragraph " the relevant number of years of unexpired service" means the number of complete years taken into account in calculating the amount of the payment, being years for which the holder of the office or employment would have been entitled (otherwise than by virtue of arrangements made in contemplation of his retirement or removal or of any relevant change in the functions or emoluments of the office or employment) to retain the office or employment or its full emoluments, and where the period taken into account as aforesaid is less than one complete year or exceeds an exact number of years, it shall be treated for the purposes of this paragraph as one complete year or as the next higher number of complete years, as the case may be. 10

10. Where tax is chargeable under section thirty-seven of this Act in respect of two or more payments to or in respect of the same person in respect of the same office or employment and is so chargeable for the same year of assessment, those payments shall be treated for the purposes of paragraph 7 of this Schedule as a single payment of an amount equal to their aggregate amount:

Provided that where the appropriate fraction and appropriate multiple are not the same for each of the payments, the calculations

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

505

of relief under the said paragraph 7 shall be made separately in 4th Sen.

relation to each payment or payments having a different appropriate fraction and multiple, and in any such calculation—

(a) any payment for which the appropriate multiple is lower shall be left out of account for all the purposes of the said paragraph 7; and (b) in ascertaining the difference at (c) of that paragraph it shall be assumed that the appropriate fraction only of any payment for which the appropriate multiple is higher had been made;

and the relief to be allowed shall be the sum of the reliefs so calculated in respect of the payments respectively.

11. Where tax is chargeable under section thirty-seven of this Act in respect of two or more payments to or in respect of the same person in respect of different offices or employments, and is so chargeable for the same year of assessment, paragraphs 7 to 10 of this Schedule shall apply as if those payments were made in respect of the same office or employment and as if any emoluments of any of those offices or employments were emoluments of the same office or employment.

Supplemental

12. Any reference in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to a payment in respect of which tax is chargeable under section thirty-seven of this Act is a reference to so much of that payment as is chargeable to tax after deduction of the relief applicable thereto under subsection (3) of section thirty-eight of this Act.

13. In this Schedule " payment of compensation for loss of office " means a payment made—

(a) in pursuance of an order of a court in proceedings for wrongful dismissal or otherwise for breach of a contract of employment, or by way of settlement of such proceedings or of a claim in respect of which such proceedings could have been brought; or

(b) by way of compensation for the extinguishment of any right the infringement of which would be actionable in such proceedings;

and any question whether, and to what extent, a payment is or is not a payment of compensation for loss of office shall be determined according to all the circumstances and not (or not exclusively) by reference to the terms on which it is expressed to be made.

14. Any reference m this Schedule to the emoluments of an office or employment is a reference to those emoluments exclusive of any payment chargeable to tax under section thirty-seven of this Act; and in calculating for any purpose of this Schedule the amount of such emoluments—

(a) there shall be included any balancing charge to which the holder of the office or employment is liable under section two hundred and ninety-two of the Act of 1952;

(b) there shall be deducted any allowances under Chapter II of Part X of that Act, and any allowances for expenses under paragraph 7 of the Ninth Schedule to that Act, to which ne is entitled;

506

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

4th Sch

Section 42.

and any such charges or allowances as aforesaid for a year of assessment shall, for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of the emoluments for any year of service, be treated as accruing from day to day, and shall be apportioned in respect of time accordingly.

15. In this Schedule "the relevant date" means, in relation to a payment not being a payment in commutation of annual or other periodical payments, the date of the termination or change in respect of which it is made and, in relation to a payment in commutation of annual or other periodical payments, the date of the termination or change in respect of which those payments would have been made.

16. In this Schedule " foreign service ", in relation to an office or employment, means service such that tax was not chargeable in respect of the emoluments of the office or employment—

(a) in the case of the year 1956-57 or any subsequent year, under Case I of Schedule E;

(b) in the case of any preceding year of assessment, under Schedule E.

17. Any reference in this Schedule to the amount of tax to which a person is or would be chargeable is a reference to the amount of tax to which he is or would be chargeable either by assessment or by deduction.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Agreement between the Government of the United Kingdom and the Government of the Republic of Ireland with

RESPECT TO CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS FROM TAX

The Government of the United Kingdom and the Government of the Republic of Ireland,

Considering the Agreement of the 14th April, 1926, between the British Government and the Government of the Irish Free State in pursuance of which exemptions from tax are conferred on persons resident in one only of the countries from tax under the law of the other.

Considering that legislation may be enacted in either country to maintain the proper incidence of liability to income tax and to prevent the obtaining of undue tax advantages.

Considering that such legislation may be insufficiently effective unless, as well as applying to persons resident in the country where h is enacted, it applies also to persons not so resident but resident in the other of the two countries and accordingly affects exemptions from tax conferred in pursuance of the said Agreement of 1926,

Recognising that the legislation which was the subject of the Agreement of the 4th April, 1959, made between the two Governments affected the said exemptions in particular ways, and desiring to supplement that Agreement by a more general Agreement,

1960

Finance Act, 1960

Ch. 44

507

Desiring to declare that save as provided by this Agreement the 5th Sgb. continuance in force of the said Agreement of 1926 shall not be affected by the enactment of such legislation.

Have agreed as follows:—

Article 1

Legislation enacted in either country at any time after the date of this Agreement and affecting in any way exemptions from income tax of that country of persons resident in that country shall, except as otherwise provided by the legislation and subject to the next following Article of this Agreement, have the like effect on exemptions from that tax which persons enjoy as not resident in that country but resident in the other of the two countries, and the enactment of such legislation shall not affect the continuance in force of the said Agreement of 1926, as amended by Agreements of the 25th April, 1928, the 21st July, 1947, and the 4th April, 1959, and this Agreement

Article 2

If the Government of either country represents that any provisions of lejgislation enacted in the other country, being provisions falling within Article 1 of this Agreement, are nevertheless not within the intention of the Agreement, the two Governments shall consult and if they agree that Article 1 ought not to apply the Government of the country in which the legislation was enacted shall take the necessary steps to secure that the said provisions shall not affect, or be deemed to have affected, exemptions from the income tax of that country which persons enjoy as not resident therein but resident in the other country.

Article 3

This Agreement shall become effective on the exchange of notes confirming that the necessary steps have been taken to give it the force of law in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, and thereafter shall remain effective only so long as it has the force of law in both countries.

Dated this 23rd day of June, 1960.

For the Government of the For the Government of the

United Kingdom Republic of Ireland

D. HEATHCOAT AMORY SfiAMAS O RIAIN

508

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Sections 46 and 47.

Section 61.

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Provisions referred to in Sections Forty-six and Forty-seven

Income Tax Act, The Income Tax Act, The Income Tax Act,

1952 1952 1952

section 19 section 22 section 88 (2)

, 20 , 23 , 89(1)

, 21 , 24 , 116(2)

, 144 , 26 , 170(2)

, 231 , 27 , 242(4)

, 355(2) , 29 , 390 (5) (a)

, 356(2) , 31

3 u> KJ* 00 3 , 54 Schedule 8,

, 81 (1) Part III,

, 91 (a) , 91 paragraph 1

, 203(6) Regulations under

, 232 section 157 of the

, 233 (1) , 234(1) Income Tax Act, 1952.

237(1) Regulations under

, 237(2) section 34 of the

, 250(1) Finance Act, 1957.

, 250(4) 1 1

250(5) , 264(1) , 390 (5) 402 , 410(1) , 414(1) , 416(5) , 422(4) Schedule 20, paragraph 9 This Act, section 29 This Act, section 37 (7)

SEVENTH SCHEDULE Application of Part ID to the Profits Tax

1.—(1) Where a person has been required by a notice served under paragraph 1 of Part III of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1937, to make any return or furnish any particulars and fails to comply with the notice, he shall be liable, subject to paragraph 3 of this Schedule, to a penalty not exceeding, except in the case mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, fifty pounds and, if the failure continues after it has been declared by the court or Commissioners before whom proceedings for the penalty have been commenced, to a further penalty not exceeding ten pounds for each day on which the failure so continues.

(2) In paragraph 4 of the said Part M, for the words 44 any of the foregoing provisions " there shall be substituted the words 44 the provisions of paragraph 3 ", and the words from 44 and, in a case " to the end of the paragraph shall be omitted.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

509

2. Where any such failure continues after the expiration of one year from the service of the notice* the first of the penalties mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall be an amount not exceeding die aggregate of fifty pounds and the total amount of the tax with which the said person is charged, in assessments made after the expiration of one year from the service of the notice, on the profits of the trade or business in question arising during any chargeable accounting period which is or includes the period or any part of the period to which the return or the particulars ought to have related.

3. Except in the case mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, a person shall not be liable to any penalty incurred under paragraph 1 of this Schedule if his failure is remedied before proceedings for the recovery of the penalty are commenced.

4. —(1) Where a person fraudulently or negligently delivers any incorrect return or particulars of a kind mentioned in paragraph 1 of Part III of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1937, or makes any incorrect statement or declaration in connection with any application for relief, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding the aggregate of—

(a) fifty pounds, and

(b) the amount or, in the case of fraud, twice the amount of the difference specified in paragraph 5 of this Schedule.

(2) Where any such return, particulars, statement or declaration were delivered or made by any person neither fraudulently nor negligently and it comes to his notice that they were incorrect then, unless the error is remedied without unreasonable delay, the return, particulars, statement or declaration shall be treated for the purposes of this paragraph as having been negligently delivered or made by him.

5. The difference referred to in paragraph 4 of this Schedule is the difference between—

(a) the total amount of tax chargeable in assessments for any

chargeable accounting period which is or includes the period or any part of the period to which the return, particulars, statement or declaration relate; and

(b) the amount which would have been the amount so charge-

able if the return, particulars, statement or declaration as delivered or made by him had been correct.

6. Any person who assists in or induces the making or delivery for any purposes of the profits tax of any return, statement, declaration or particulars which he knows to be incorrect shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five hundred pounds.

7. —(1) Whenever any assessment to income tax for any year of assessment has been made on any person by virtue of section fifty-one of this Act which is based wholly or partly on the profits of a trade or business carried on by him, an assessment to the profits tax may, subject to subparagraph (2) of this paragraph, be made on him for any chargeable accounting period ending after the beginning of the period during which those profits arose.

7th Sch.

510

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

7th Sch.

(2) Without prejudice to any power exercisable under section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1958, an assessment under this paragraph may be made only before the expiration of two years from the final determination of the tax covered by the said assessment to income tax, and only for the purpose of making good to the Crown a loss of tax attributable to the said person’s neglect.

(3) In determining the amount of the tax to be charged for any chargeable accounting period in any assessment made under this paragraph effect shall be given, if the person to be assessed so requires, to any deduction or relief to which he would have been entitled for that period on an application made within the time allowed by the enactments relating to the profits tax.

8. —(1) Where the amount of any penalty to which a person is liable under the enactments relating to the profits tax is determined by reference to tax charged in an assessment for any chargeable accounting period which is made not later than six years after the end of that period, proceedings for the recovery of the penalty shall not be out of time by reason that they are commenced after the time allowed by the Eighth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1943, if they are commenced within three years after the final determination of the amount of that tax.

(2) Where the said amount was finally determined before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine, the proceedings shall not be out of time if they are commenced before the sixth dav of April, nineteen hundred and sixty-two.

(3) In any proceedings for the recovery of a penalty which could not have been commenced but for this paragraph any tax charged in an assessment made under paragraph 7 of this Schedule shall be left out of account in determining the amount of the penalty. 9

9. —(1) Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, no proceedings shall be commenced against any person for the recovery of any fine or penalty under the enactments relating to the profits tax except by order of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

(2) Any such proceedings which are not instituted (in England,

Wales or Northern Ireland) under the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, by and in the name of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue as an authorised department for the purposes of that Act shall be instituted in the name of an officer or,-

(a) in England and Wales, in the name of the Attorney General:

(b) in Scotland, in the name of the Lord Advocate; and

(c) in Northern Ireland, in the name of the Attorney General

for Northern Ireland.

(3) Any such proceedings may, except as otherwise provided in the enactments relating to the profits tax, be commenced either before the General or Special Commissioners, or—

(a) in England, Wales or Northern Ireland, in the High Court;

(b) in Scotland, in the Court of Session as the Court of

Exchequer in Scotland;

and any proceedings commenced as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this sub-paragraph shall be deemed to be civil proceedings by the

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

511

Crown within the meaning of Part II of the Crown Proceedings Act, 7th Sgh. 1947, or, as the case may be, that Part as for the time being in force in Northern Ireland.

(4) The surveyor may, without an order of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, commence before the General Commissioners (or, in Northern Ireland, the Special Commissioners) proceedings for a penalty incurred under paragraph 1 of this Schedule; but in any proceedings so commenced the Commissioners shall not in any case award, in respect of the first of the penalties mentioned in that paragraph, a sum exceeding fifty pounds.

(5) Where any proceedings under this paragraph are brought before any Commissioners, an appeal shall lie to the High Court or, in Scotland, the Court of Session as the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, from their decision—

(a) by any party, on a question of law; and

(b) by the defendant (or, in Scotland, the defender) against the

amount of any fine or penalty awarded; and on any appeal under paragraph (b) of this sub-paragraph the court may either confirm the decision or reduce or increase the sum awarded.

(6) Proceedings under this paragraph before any Commissioners shall be by way of information in writing, made to them, and upon summons issued by them to the defendant (or defender) to appear before them at a time and place stated in the summons, and they shall hear and determine each case in a summary way; and any penalty awarded by them in such proceedings shall for all purposes be treated as if it were tax charged in an assessment and due and payable.

(7) The Governor of Northern Ireland may, if he thinks fit, appoint some other person to act instead of the Attorney General for Northern Ireland in relation to any matters to which this paragraph relates, and in that case the reference in this paragraph to the Attorney General for Northern Ireland shall be construed as a reference to the person so appointed.

10.—(1) Where an assessment to the profits tax is made for the purpose of making good to the Crown a loss of tax wholly or partly attributable to the fraud, wilful default or neglect of any person, the tax charged by the assessment, or as the case may be, such part thereof as corresponds to the part so attributable, shall carry interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum from the expiration of one year after the end of the chargeable accounting period until payment.

(2) Tax carrying interest under this paragraph shall not carry interest under section eight of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947.

(3) Subsections (4) and (6) of the said section eight (which provide for the adjustment, in certain cases, and the recovery of interest payable under that section) shall apply in relation to interest payable under this paragraph as they apply in relation to interest payable under that section.

(4) A certificate by the General or Special Commissioners that the tax or a specified part of the tax charged by an assessment specified in the certificate carries interest under this paragraph from a date so specified shaill be sufficient evidence of that fact in proceedings for the reoovery of that interest.

512

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

7th Sch (5) A certificate under sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph shall not be given except on the application of the surveyor or a person nominated for thait purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and on any such application the person charged by the assessment shall be entitled to appear and be heard.

(6) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may in their discretion mitigate (whether before or after judgment) any interest due under this paragraph and may stay or compound any proceedings for the recovery thereof.

11. For the purposes of this Schedule, any assessment which can no longer be varied by any Commissioners on appeal or by the order of any court shall be sufficient evidence that the profits in respect of which tax is charged in the assessment arose as stated therein.

Section 79.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed Part I

Enactments repealed from passing of Act

Session and Chapter

Short title

Extent of repeal

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 89.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2.

5 &?*Eliz. 2. c. 49.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 6.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 9.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 56.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 58.

The Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949.

The Income Tax Act, 1952.

The Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

The Finance Act, 1956.

The Finance Act, 1957.

The Import Duties Act, 1958.

The Entertainments Duty Act, 1958.

The Finance Act, 1958.

The Finance Act, 1959.

In section twenty-seven, in the definition of "hackney carriage", the words from 44 provided that " to " or more ".

In section two hundred and five, subsection (2).

In subsection (1) of section one hundred and fifty-two and in subsection (1) of section one hundred and fifty-three, the words from " and any such licence " to the end.

In section one hundred and eighty-seven, subsection (6).

In section forty-two, subsection (3).

Section twenty-one.

In section six, in subsection (4), the words from " of Customs " to 44 Commissioners*) ’*.

The whole Act.

Sections three and thirty-six.

Section six.

In section twenty-nine, in subsection (2), the words from the beginning to 44 1959; and

Section thirty-six.

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

513

Part n

Repeals consequential on Part III of Act

Session and

Chapter

Short title

Extent of repeal

53 & 54 Vict c. 21.

1 Edw. 8 A 1 Geo. 6. c. 54.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 28.

15 A16 Geo. 6 A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

The Inland Revenue Regulation Act, 1890.

The Finance Act, 1937.

The Finance Act, 1943

The Income Tax Act, 1952.

Sections twenty-one and twenty-two and subsection (2) of section thirty-five, so far as they relate to income tax and the profits tax.

In the Fifth Schedule, in paragraph 4 of Part in, the words from " and, in a case " to the end of the paragraph.

In the Eighth Schedule, sections one hundred and seven and one hundred and forty of the Income Tax Act, 1918, as set out with adaptations, except in their application to the excess profits tax and the excess profits levy.

Section eighteen.

In section nineteen, the words " true and correct ".

In section twenty, in subsection (1), the words "true and correct".

In section twenty-two, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1), the words " true and correct ".

In section twenty-four, in subsection (1), the words44 true and correct".

In section twenty-five, subsections (3) to (6).

In section twenty-six, subsection

(2).

In section twenty-nine, in subsection (5), the words from44 and paragraph 4 " to the end of the subsection.

Section thirty.

In section thirty-one, in subsection (1), the words from "and, if a person" to "continues ".

In section thirty-nine, subsection

(3).

In section forty-six, in subsection

(2) , paragraphs ( )and (c). Section forty-eight Section forty-nine.

In section fifty-four, subsection

(3) .

Section fifty-five.

In section eighty-one, subsection (3).

R

8th Sch.

514

8th Sch.

Ch. 44 Finance A, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

i

Session and Chapter

Short title

15 & 16 Geo. 6 The Income Tax & 1 Eliz. 2. 1952—cont.

c. 10—

Extent of repeal

Act,

Section ninety.

In section ninety-one, paragraph (c).

In section one hundred and two, subsections (3) and (4).

In section one hundred and sixteen, in subsection (2), the words from " and if any such occupier* to the end of the subsection.

In section one hundred and forty-four, in subsection (2), the words from " under the penalty * to the end of the subsection.

In section one hundred and fifty-seven, subsection (5).

In section one hundred and seventy, in subsection (3), the words from " and if ’* to the end of the subsection.

In section two hundred and three, in subsection (6), the words from " and, if that person ’* to the end of the subsection.

Section two hundred and thirty.

In section two hundred and

thirty-one, in subsection (4), the words from " and if any person * to the end of the subsection.

In section two hundred and

thirty-two, subsection (2).

In section two hundred and

thirty-three, subsection (4).

In section two hundred and

thirty-four, subsection (3).

Section two hundred and thirty-five.

In section two hundred and

thirty-seven, subsection (6).

In section two hundred and

forty-two, in subsection (4), the words from " and subsections (3) to (5) * to the end of the

subsection.

In section two hundred and fifty, subsection (2), in subsection (4) the words from "and if any person* to the end of the subsection, and in subsection (5) the words from "and if* to " continues *.

In section two hundred and sixty-four, subsection (2).

In section three hundred and forty-one, subsection (4).

In section three hundred and fifty-five, in subsection (1), the

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

515

Session and

Chapter

15 A16 Geo. 6 & lEliz.2. c. 10.

Short title

The Income Tax Act, 1952—cont.

8th Sch.

Extent of repeal

words " and the penalties for failure to deliver a statement of profits or gains ", and, in subsection (2). the words from "and the provisions" to the end of the subsection.

In section three hundred and

fifty-six, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1), the words " and the penalties for failure to make a return ".

In section three hundred and

fifty-eight, in subsection (5), the words from " and the provisions " to the end of the subsection.

In section three hundred and

ninety, in subsection (5), the words following paragraph (6).

In section four hundred and two, the words from " and if " to the end of the section.

In section four hundred and ten, in subsection (1), the words from "and if" to the end of the subsection, and, in sub-

section (2), the words preceding "if any".

In section four hundred and fourteen, in subsection (1), the words from "and if" to the end of the subsection, and in subsection (2), the words preceding " if any

In section four hundred and

sixteen, in subsection (5), the words following paragraph ( ).

In section four hundred and

twenty-two, in subsection (4), the words from "and if" to the end of the subsection.

In section four hundred and

forty-one, in subsection (4), the words from " and if " to the end of the subsection.

Section four hundred and ninety-nine.

In section five hundred, sub-

section (2).

Section five hundred and two.

In the Sixth Schedule, paragraph 4.

In the Eighth Schedule, in Part III, paragraph 6.

In the Twentieth Schedule, in paragraph 9, the words from "and the provisions" to the end of the paragraph.

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

5 A 6 Eliz. 2. The Finance Act, 1957 In section thirty-four, subsection

c. 49. (2).

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Finance Act, 1958 Section twenty-four.

c. 56.

Part III

Enactments repealed from 4th , 1960

Session and Chapter

25 & 26 Vict.

c. 22.

39 & 40 Vict, c. 35.

8Edw. 7. c. 16. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 47.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

Short title

Extent of repeal

The Revenue Act, 1862.

Section one.

Schedule (Q.

The Customs Tariff Act, 1876.

The Finance Act, 1908. The Finance Act, 1949.

Section one.

In the Schedule, the entry relating to playing cards.

Section four.

In section eight, in subsection (2), the words from the first " every "

to " manufacturer of *.

The Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

In section one hundred and eight, subsections (1) to (3).

In section two hundred and

twenty-one, in subsection (3), paragraph (a).

In section two hundred and

twenty-two, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1), the words " but incomplete ".

Sections two hundred and twenty-three and two hundred and

twenty-four.

In sections two hundred and forty-one to two hundred and forty-three, the words "or certificate " wherever they occur; in section two hundred and forty-one, in subsection (1), paragraph (c); in section two hundred and forty-two, in subsection (1), in paragraph (), the words from " or the form " to * or not ".

coo

1960

Finance A, 1960

Ch. 44

517

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Revenue Act, 1862 25 & 26 Vict. c. 22.

Customs Tariff Act, 1876 39 A40 Vict. c. 35.

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881 44 A45 Vict. c. 12.

Stamp Act, 1891 54 & 55 Vict. c. 39.

Finance Act, 1894 57 & 58 Vict. c. 30.

Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910 10 Edw. 7 A 1 Geo. 5. c. 8. 10 All Geo. 5. c. 67.

Government of Ireland Act, 1920

Finance Act, 1925 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 36.

Finance Act, 1928 18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 17.

Finance Act, 1937 1 Edw. 8 A 1 Geo. 6. c. 54.

Hire Purchase Act, 1938 1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 53.

Finance Act, 1939 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 41.

Finance Act, 1940 3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 29.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48.

Finance Act, 1943 6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 28.

Finance Act, 1944 7 A 8 Geo. 6. c. 23.

Finance Act, 1946 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 64.

National Insurance Act, 1946 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 67.

Crown Proceedings Act, 1947 10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 44.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947 11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 9.

Finance Act, 1949 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 47.

Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 89.

Finance Act, 1950 14 Geo. 6. c. 15.

Finance Act, 1951 14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 43.

Income Tax Act, 1952 15 A16 Geo. 6. A1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

Customs and Excise Act, 1952 15 A16 Geo. 6.AlEliz.2. c. 44.

Magistrates Courts Act, 1952 15 A16 Geo. 6. A1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

Visiting Forces Act, 1952 15 A16 Geo. 6. A1 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

Finance Act, 1953 1 A2Eliz.2. c. 34.

Finance Act, 1954 2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954 ... 2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

Food and Drugs Act, 1955 4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1955 4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 17.

Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act, 1956 4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 30.

Finance Act, 1956 4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 54.

Road Traffic Act, 1956 4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

Finance Act, 1957 5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 49.

Import Duties Act, 1958 6 A 7 Eliz. 2. a 6.

Entertainments Duty Act, 1958 6 A 7 Eliz. 2. c. 9.

Overseas Service Act, 1958 6 A 7 Eliz. 2. c. 14.

Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958... 6 A 7 Eliz. 2. c. 45.

Finance Act, 1958 6 A 7 Eliz. 2. c. 56.

Income Tax (Repayment of Post War Credits) Act, 1959. 7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 28.

National Insurance Act, 1959 7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 47.

Finance Act, 1959 7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 58.

518

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Issue of £3,118,930,312 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1961.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict. c.2.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

CHAPTER 45

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament [29th July, 1960]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, the sum of three thousand, one hundred and eighteen million, nine hundred and thirty thousand, three hundred and twelve pounds.

2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole three thousand, one hundred and eighteen million, nine hundred and thirty thousand, three hundred and twelve pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with any interest payable thereon, out of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Act mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

519

amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of five thousand, four hundred and twenty-four million, six hundred and thirty-two thousand, five hundred and forty-four pounds are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the said sums granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed, under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to 54 & 55 Vict, be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services c- 24-and purposes specified in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. —(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on Navy, Army, Sanction of

and Air Services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate Treasury for sums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, Qf

any surplus arising on any vote for those services either by an surpluses on excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid certain votes of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act for Navy,

as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure 811(1 on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be tern- to™^’ porarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums deficiencies on realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote other votes in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same for the same department which is not provided for in the stuns appropriated sennce* to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the Navy, Army, and Air Services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Sanction for Appropriation Acts, 1958 and 1959, surpluses arising on certain application o votes for Navy, Army and Air Services have been applied towards

making good deficits on those services respectively as shown in Anay Air the statements set out in Schedule (Q to this Act: votes for

1958—59

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses as shown 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. in the said statements is hereby sanctioned. c. 57.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 59.

6. This Act may be cited as the Appropriation Act, 1960. short title.

520

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section 3.

Section 3.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A) and (B) to which this Act refers

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund 5,424,632,544

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriation of Grants

Sums not exceeding

Supply 1 Appropriations

Grants I in Aid

£ £

1959-60

Part 1. Ministry of Defence

(Supplementary), 1959-60 10 *- 1,488.010

Part 2. Navy (Supplementary),

1959-60 10 4,000,000

Part 3. Army (Supplementary),

1959-60 4,000,000 *- 920,000

Army, War Office

(Supply), 1959-60 - 100 12,500,020

Army, War Office (Pur-

chasing (Repayment)

Services), 1959-60 - 100 —

Army, Royal Ordnance

Factories (Supplemen-

tary), 1959-60 20 1,557,000

Part 4. Air (Supplementary),

1959-60 10 *- 3,360,000

Part 5. Civil and Revenue De-

partments (Supplemen-

tary) 1959-60 78,025,782 3,611,171

£ 82,026,032 15,900,181

* Deficit.

1960

Appropriation Act, 1960

Ch. 45

521

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriation of Grants—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

1960-61 £ £

Part 6. Ministry of Defence - 16,570,000 5,614,000

Part 7. Navy- - 397,500,010 59,246,000

Part 8. Army- - Army, War Office (Purchasing (Repayment) 470,050,110 71,249,990

Services) -Army, Royal Ordnance 100 —

Factories - 7,400,000 32,400,000

Part 9. Air - - 527,460,010 71,840,100

Total, Defence - -£ 1,418,980,230 240,350,090

Part 10. Civil, Class I - 17,917,032 4,961,269

Part 11. Civil, Class H - - 110,060,958 4,648,053

Part 12. Civil, Class HI - - 103,261,308 14,082,645

Part 13. Civil, Class IV - - 216,806,705 43,250,682

Part 14. Civil, Class V - - 1,335,070,077 170,048,930

Part 15. Civil, Class VI - - 281,707,875 64,924,565

Part 16. Civil, Class VII - - 90,116,197 19,430,610

Part 17. Civil, Class VIII- - 324,988,123 19,884,430

Part 18. Civil, Class IX - - 343,078,157 39,408,533

Part 19. Civil, Class X - - 631,199,250 31,066,250

Total, Civil -£ 3,454,205,682 411,705,967

Part 20. Revenue Departments 469,420,600 73,764,665

Grand Total -£ 5,424,632,544 741,720,903

R*

522

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of March 1960—

Under Act 8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 10

82,026,032

For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961—

Under Act 8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 10

Under this Act

Total

2,223,676,200

3,118,930,312

£5,424,632,544

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

523

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 1

Ministry of Defence (Supplementary), 1959-60

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted to defray the charge of the Ministry of Defence for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1960, viz.:—

SCHED. (B).

Part 1. Ministry ot Defence

(Supple-

mentaryX

1959-60.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Defence; expenses in connection with International Defence Organisations, including international £ £

subscriptions; and certain grants in

aid -£ 10 *-1,488,010

•Deficit.

R* 2

524

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Etjz. 2

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 2

Part 2.

Navy

mentary) NAVY (SUPPLEMENTARY), 1959-60

1959-60. Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1960, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Vote

1. Pay, &c., of the Royal Navy and

Royal Marines - 300,000 —

2. Victualling and Clothing for the Navy Cr. 300,000 250,000

4. Civilians employed on Fleet Services 200,000 —

6. Scientific Services - Cr. 650,000 250,000

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs and Main-

tenance, &c.—

Section I—Personnel 1,050,000 100,000

Section II—Materiel Cr.5,250,000 1,250,000

Section III—Contract Work - 5,500,000 3,195,000

9. Naval Armaments - Cr.3,550,000 600,000

10. Works, Buildings and Repairs at

Home and Abroad - — •-300,000

11. Miscellaneous Effective Services 700,000 •-1,100,000

12. Admiralty Office - 550,010 —

13. Non-Effective Services - 1,450,000 —

15. Additional Married Quarters - — •-245J000

Total, Navy (Supplementary),

1959-60 - - - -£ 10 4,000,000

• Deficit.

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

525

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 3

Army (Supplementary), 1959-60

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1960, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Vote

1. Pay, &c., of the Army - - 4,640,000 *-700,000

2. Reserve Forces, Territorial Army,

and Cadet Forces - 1,160,000 *-80,000

3. War Office - - 330,000 —

4. Civilians - - 760,000 *-140,000

5. Movements - - 70,000 700,000

6. Supplies, &c. - - 240,000 *-270,000

7. Stores 0.3,500,000 —

8. Works, Buildings and Lands - - 0.1,570,000 —

9. Miscellaneous Effective Services - 300,000 —

10. Non-Effective Services - - 1,570,000 30,000

11. Additional Married Quarters - - — *-460,000

Total, Army (Supplementary),

1959-60 .... -£ 4,000,000 *-920,000

•Deficit.

SCHED. (B).

Part 3. Army (Supplementary), 1959-60.

526

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (BV

Part 3. Army (Supple* mentary), 1959-60.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 3—continued

ARMY—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

Army, War Office (Supply). For the salaries and expenses incurred by the War Office for the administration of supply (including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto); and for miscellaneous services 100 12,500,020

Army, War Office (Purchasing (Repayment) Services). For expenditure incurred by the War Office on the supply of munitions, common user and other articles for the Government service, and on miscellaneous supply - 100

Army, Royal Ordinance Factories. For the expenses of operating the Royal Ordnance Factories - -£ 20 1,557,000

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

527

SCHED. (B). Part 4.

Air

(Supple*

mentary),

1959-w.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Vote

1. Pay, &c., of the Air Force 1,100,000 180,000

2. Reserve and Auxiliary Services- Cr. 100,000 —

3. Air Ministry - 420,000 30,000

4. Civilians at Outstations - 1,100,000 510,000

5. Movements 2,740,000 •-130,000

6. Supplies - Cr.3,910,000 •-1,080,000

7. Aircraft and Stores - 0.5,270,000 •-1,650,000

8. Works and Lands - 3,650,000 •-550,000

9. Miscellaneous Effective Services - 10 •—520,000

10. Non-Effective Services - 270,000 —

11. Additional Married Quarters - — •-150,000

Total, Air (Supplementary),

1959-60 - - - -£ 10 •-3J60.000

•Deficit.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4

Ant (Supplementary), 1959-60

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Air Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1960, viz.:—

528

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. CSvil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1959-60.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5

Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1959-60

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1960, viz.:—

CIVIL

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote 1. For the salaries and expenses of the House of Lords - £ 15,182 £ 1,428

4. For the salaries and other expenses in the Department of Her Majesty’s Treasury and subordinate departments, die additional salary payable to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and the salaries and other expenses of his office arising from his responsibility for the co-ordination of official information, and the salary and expenses of the Minister without Portfolio 192,510 12,000

5A. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Lord Privy Seal - 4,650 —

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales 8,482 300

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission 47,092 3,818

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Crown Estate Office - 8,049 —

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies - 10,615 3,000

Carried forward -£ 286,580 20,546

1960

Appropriation Act, 1960

Ch. 45

529

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

286,580

20,546

SCHED. (BX Parts Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1959-60.

Class I—continued

Vote

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Actuary

10

925

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office and Pensions Commutation Board -

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -

21. For the salaries and expenses of the Tithe Redemption Commission

10

5,415

10 1,686

10 4,290

22B. For meeting certain payments of Civil Service remuneration consequential upon decisions to increase the scales of pay of a number of grades following the increase in the rates of pay of certain grades in the General Executive Class - 1,558,600

24. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish Record Office - 10 1,330

Class II

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, including Her Majesty’s Missions and Consulates abroad, and the salaries of two Ministers of State - 525,285 i 142,000

2. For sundry grants and services connected with Her Majesty’s Foreign Service, including subscriptions to international organisations and grants in aid 788,900 50,000

Carried forward - - -£ 3,159,415 226,192

530

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Civil and Revenue

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1959-60.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

3,159,415

Appropriations in Aid

226,192

Class II—continued

Vote

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations, including oversea establishments and the salary of the Minister of State for Commonwealth Relations

10

25,000

5. For sundry Commonwealth services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and certain grants in aid; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in the Republic of Ireland; a grant to the Republic of Ireland in respect of compensation to transferred officers; and certain expenditure in connection with former Burma services -

20

6. For expenses connected with oversea

settlement, including grants in aid - 10

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, the salaries and expenses of the United Kingdommission to Cyprus, and the salary of the Minister of State for Colonial Affairs - 73,000

15,635

8.

For sundry Colonial Services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and grants in aid; certain expenditure in connection with the liabilities of the former Government of Palestine; certain expenditure in connection with and grants in aid to Cyprus; and certain non-effective services - 20

Carried forward - - -£ 3,232,475

266,827

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

531

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B). Pan 5. Civil and Revenue

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 3,232,475

266,827

mentary),

1959-60.

Class II—continued

Vote

9. For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Act for the development of the resources of colonies, protectorates, protected states and trust territories, and the welfare of their peoples - -

1,400,000

10. For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Act for the development of the resources of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasa-land, and of the South African High Commission Territories, and the welfare of their peoples -

108,000

Class III

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices; grants towards the expenses of the probation of offenders and of magistrates’ courts; balances of grant in respect of the expenses of school crossing patrols for 1958-59 and earlier years; certain grants in aid; legal aid in criminal cases; and sundry other services -

174,370

69,500

3.

For expenses in connection with the police services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training; grants in respect of expenditure incurred by police authorities and a subscription to the International Criminal Police Commis-

sion ... Carried forward -

902,024

27,900

5,816,869

364,227

532

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 5. Civil and Revenue

CIVIL—continued

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

Sums not exceeding

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1959-60.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward -Class III—continued

5,816,869

364,227

Vote

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Prison Commissioners and of prisons, borstal institutions and detention centres in England and Wales

8. For such of the salaries and expenses of

the Supreme Court of Judicature, Court of Criminal Appeal and Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and the Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, the Lands Tribunal, the Restrictive Practices Court, and the Council on Tribunals; payments to jurors; trial of election petitions; fees to deputy metropolitan magistrates; payments to the Chancery Court of the County Palatine of Durham and expenses in connection with certain Advisory Committees

9. For salaries and expenses in connection

with the County Courts -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Land Registry -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Public Trustee

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

Law Officers’ Department; the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; and the costs of prosecutions and other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency

45,640 71,800

469,847 *-151,000

10 86,990

10 18,990

35,300 34,000

Carried forward

-£| 6,367,686 425,007

•Deficit

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

533

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

6,367,686

425,007

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supple* mentary), 1959-60.

Class HI—continued

Vote

14. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses

21. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s Department and other law charges, including the provision of free legal assistance, a scheme of diligence payments, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice, of the office of the Scottish Land Court and of Pensions Appeal Tribunals -

22. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Registers of Scotland

4,000

45,188

10

16,750

19,590

23. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in Northern Ireland; and other expenses, including certain expenses in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, trial of election petitions and a grant in aid

12,773

Class IV

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, a subscription to an international organisation, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare -

Carried forward - - -£

10

6,429,667

461,347

534

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 5. Civil and Revenue Department* (Supplementary), 1959-60.

Vote

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

17.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

1 Supply Appropriations

Grants in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 6,429,667 461,347

Class IV—continued For the salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Museum, including a grant in aid 500 2,758

For the salaries and expenses of the London Museum, including a grant in aid 2,893 10

For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, including a grant in aid 157,975 1,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Tate Gallery, including a grant in aid 12,238

For the salaries and expenses of the National Maritime Museum, including a grant in aid - 1,297 36

For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid 1,600 300

For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection - 3,517 200

For grants in aid of certain institutions and bodies concerned with science, learning and the arts, and for other services in connection therewith 10

For a grant in aid of the expenses of, and for loans to, universities, colleges, &c., in Great Britain; for a grant to universities in respect of the cost of certain medical and dental school accommodation; and for the cost of certain post-graduate studentships - 600,000

For grants to and grants in aid of the British Broadcasting Corporation - 952,000 —

For the salaries and expenses of the National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid 20,000

Carried forward - - -£ 8,181,697 465,651

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

535

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

8,181,697

465,651

SCHED. (BX Part 5. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1959-60.

Class V

Vote

3. For general grants, rate-deficiency grants and exchequer equalisation grants to local authorities in England and Wales

8,030,000

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health and the Board of Control; expenses in connection with welfare food services and food hygiene; expenditure on the Polish health services; port health admini-tration; residential accommodation for the aged, infirm, &c.; purchases on repayment for other Government Departments; and sundry other services, including a subscription to the World Health Organisation

322,530

111,200

5. For the provision of national health services for England and Wales and other services connected therewith, including payments to Northern

Ireland and the Isle of Man, medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939, certain training arrangements including certain grants in aid, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores, &c., necessary for the services, and certain expenses in connection with civil defence - 23,586,640 *-U90^90

6. For a grant in aid of the Medical Research Council - 43,970 —

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General 1,940 38,295

8. For the salaries and expenses of the War Damage Commission 28,550 700

Carried forward -£ 40,195,327 •-774,744

• Deficit.

536

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 5. SCHEDULE (B).- —Part 5—continued

Civil and Revenue Departments res % - CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

(Supple- mentary), 1959-60. Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 40,195,327 £ •-774,744

Class V—continued

Vote

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for Scotland and the General Board of Control for Scotland; for expenses in connection with welfare food services and food hygiene; for grants and other expenses in connection with water and sewerage services, abating the pollution of the air, town and country planning and town development; for certain expenses in connection with civil defence; and for a grant in aid and other services -

158,125

*-28,000

10. For the provision of national health services for Scotland and other services connected therewith, including medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939, certain training arrangements, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores, &c., necessary for the services, certain expenses in connection with civil defence, and sundry other services -

2,032,400

121,000

12. For general grants, equalisation and transitional grants to local authorities in Scotland

941,000

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland

3,500

Carried forward

-£l 43,330,352

200

-681,544

* Deficit.

1960

Appropriation 1960

Ch. 45

537

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B). Part 5. Civil and Revenue

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

43,330,352

mentary),

1959-60.

*-681,544

CLASS VI

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, the Monopolies Commission and the Performing Right Tribunal - - - 430,000

2. For the expenditure of the Board of

Trade on assistance and subsidies to certain industries, and on trading and other services; subscriptions to international organisations and grants in aid 1,002,000

3. For expenditure of the Board of Trade in connection with the maintenance and disposal of stocks formerly held for strategic purposes -

10

140,000

*-8,690

196,990

4. For services in Development Areas

10

9.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour, including expenses in connection with employment exchanges and the inspection of factories; expenses, including grants and loans, in connection with employment services, training, transfer, rehabilitation and resettlement; a grant in aid of the Industrial Training Council Service; expenses in connection with national service; repayment of loan charges in respect of employment schemes; expenses of the Industrial Court; a subscription to the International Labour Organisation; and sundry other services -

i

i

854,000

Carried forward

45,616,372

-483,000

-836,244

•Deficit.

538

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1959-60.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

Vote

10.

1.

3.

4.

7.

1.

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 45,616,372 £ •-836,244

Class VI—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Aviation for the administration of supply (including research and development, production, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto); for administrative services in connection with civil aviation (including the salaries and expenses of the Air Transport Advisory Council) and the aircraft, light metals and electronics industries; and for miscellaneous services 10 •-559,000

Class VH

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Works - 10 290,000

For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in the United Kingdom, including a grant in aid, and sundry other services - 10

For expenditure in respect of public buildings overseas ... 10 129,990

For grants and expenses in connection with historic buildings and ancient monuments, including a grant in aid - 32,000 •-8,000

Class VIII

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food; of the Agricultural Land Commission; of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew; and of the White Fish Authority and the Scottish Committee thereof - 545,000

Carried forward - - -£ 46,193,412 •-983J54

* Deficit.

I960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

539

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

46,193,412

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1959-60.

•-983,254

Class VIII—continued

Vote

2. For the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food for grants and subsidies to farmers and others for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture; for payments and services in implementation of agricultural price guarantees; and for certain other services including a payment to the Exchequer of Northern Ireland -

7,280,500

3. For the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food for grants, grants in aid and expenses in connection with agricultural and food services; including land drainage and rehabilitation of land damaged by flood and tempest; purchase, development and management of land, including land settlement and provision of smallholdings; services in connection with livestock, and compensation for slaughter of diseased animals; provision and operation of machinery; training and supplementary labour schemes; control of pests; education, research, and advisory services; marketing; agricultural credits; certain trading services; subscriptions to international organisations; and sundry other services including certain expenses in connection with civil defence -

4,918,480

Carried forward

-£| 58,392,392

77,900

-905J54

•Deficit.

540

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 EU2. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Civil and Revenue

mentary),

1959-60.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 58,392,392

-905J54

Class VIII—continued

Vote

5. For financial assistance to fishermen and for research and development in connection with fisheries and fish marketing; including grants and loans to the White Fish Authority; a grant in aid of the White Fish Marketing Fund; subscriptions to international organisations; and grants and loans towards the construction, improvement and repair of harbours and fishing facilities -

10. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund

12. For Scottish fisheries and the United Kingdom herring industry; including the salaries and expenses of the fisheries staff of the Scottish Home Department, and of the Herring Industry Board and Advisory Council; grants, loans and expenses in connection with assistance to fishermen, fishery protection, research and development relating to fisheries and fish marketing, and the construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of harbours and fishing facilities; Outer Hebrides fisheries training scheme; and a grant in aid of the Herring Marketing Fund

3,689,000

32,000

73,050

7,000

Class IX

1.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport including the salaries and expenses of the Coastguard, the Transport Tribunal, the Air Transport Advisory Council, and the Inland Waterways Redevelopment Committee, subscriptions to international organisations, and sundry other services -

Carried forward - - -£

440,410

62,626,852

*-60,000

-958J54

* Deficit.

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

541

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 62,626,852 £ *-958,354

Class IX—continued Vote 3. For expenses, including war terminal expenses, in connection with the provision and use of ships for trooping, emigration and other purposes; reimbursement of surcharge on tolls for clearance of Suez Canal; and expenses in respect of miscellaneous services connected with shipping, seamen, inland transport and ports, including the repair of damage by flood and tempest, and certain special services - 124,000

6A. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Minister for Science - 12,080 32,010

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Atomic Energy Office and for payments to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority in respect of expenses in connection with the supply of atomic energy and radioactive substances, including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto, and for subscriptions to international organi-sations 20 *-3,582,285

Class X

1. For superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances, supplementary pensions and certain other expenses in connection with superannuation in respect of civil employment - 150,000 *-50,000

Carried forward - - -£ 62,912,952 *-4,558,629

Sched. (B). Part 5. Civil and Revenue

•Deficit.

542

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Civil and Revenue Department* (Supple* mentary), 1959-60.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriation in Aid

62,912,952

4,558,629

Class X—continued

Vote

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance, including certain expenses in connection with national insurance, industrial injuries insurance, family allowances, workmen’s compensation, war pensions, a subscription to an international organisation and sundry other services

421,430

1,765,000

3. For payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or out of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939; sundry contributions in respect thereof; grants from the residual proceeds of the sale of Japanese assets in the United Kingdom and other countries and of the Burma-Siam railway; and other services, including payment of national service grants

228,000

150,000

5.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the National Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; non-contributory old age pensions, including pensions to blind persons; assistance grants, &c.; expenses of reception centres, &c.; the maintenance of certain classes of Poles in Great Britain; and the maintenance of Hungarian refugees in Hostels

7,502,000

350,000

Carried forward

71,064,382 *-2,293,629

•Deficit.

1960

Appropriation Act, 1960

Ch. 45

543

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class X—continued

Vote

6. For pensions and allowances to certain

members of the former Indian and Burma Services and their dependants, and to certain judges; for related medical and miscellaneous expenses; for payments in respect of commutation of pensions; and for certain payments to the Governments of India and Pakistan connected with pensions

7. For pensions, compensation allowances

and gratuities awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to widows of such members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra-statutory payments

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department, including a subscription to an international organisation -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department -

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Post Office, including telegraphs and telephones; and subscriptions to certain international organisations -

Total, Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1959-60-£

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

71,064,382

*-2,293,629

306,000

75,000

590,400

3,019,000

2,971,000

78,025,782

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1959-60.

800

59.000

45.000

5,800,000

3,611,171

'Deficit.

544

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

SCHED. (B).

Part 6.

Ministry of Defence,

1960-61.

Schedule of Sum granted, and of the sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charge of the Ministry of Defence, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6

MINISTRY OF DEFENCE

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Defence; expenses in connection with International Defence Organisations, including international subscriptions; and certain grants in aid -£

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

16,570,000 5,614,000

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

545

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7

NAVY

SCHED. (B). Part 7. Navy, 1960-41.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, including provision for officers, seamen, juniors and Royal Marines, and members of the Women's Royal Naval Service and Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Service, to a number not exceeding 102,000, in addition to reserve forces, viz.:—

Vote

1. Foi the pay, &c., of the Royal Navy

and Royal Marines ...

2. For victualling and clothing for the

Navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad -

3. For medical services, including the cost

of medical establishments at home and abroad - - - - -

4. For civilians employed on fleet services

5. For educational services - - -

6. For scientific services, including a grant

in aid to the National Institute of Oceanography, and a subscription to the International Hydrographic Bureau (including a Supplementary sum of £10)

7. For the Royal Naval Reserve and the

Royal Fleet Reserve, Ac.

8. Section I. For the personnel for ship-

building, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

Carried forward - -£

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

69,997,000 1,462,000

14,044,000 3,334,000

1,462,000 32,000

7,942,000 28,000

1,546,000 215,000

19,362,010 1,787,000

1,130,000 500

43,445,000 691,000

158,928,010 1 7,549,500

546

SCHED. (B).

Part 7.

A.

Ch. 45 Appropriation 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7—continued

NAVY—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 158,928,010 7,549,500

Vote

8. Section II. For the materiel for ship-

building, repairs, maintenance, &c.,

including the cost of establishments

of dockyards and naval yards at

home and abroad - 46,989,000 21,743,000

8. Section III. For contract work on

shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance,

&c. 106,336,000 15,250,000

9. For naval armaments - 20,426,000 5,590,000

10. For works, buildings, machinery and

repairs at home and abroad, in-

cluding the cost of superintendence.

purchase of sites, grants and other

charges connected therewith - 19,264,000 4,688,000

11. For various miscellaneous effective

services 9,412,900 3,250,500

12. For the Admiralty Office - 9,915,000 45,000

13. For non-effective services - 26,229,000 380,000

15. For certain additional married quarters

at home 100 750,000

Total, Navy Services - -£ 397,500,010 59,246,000

1960

Appropriation Act, 1960

Ch. 45

547

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8

ARMY

SCHED. (B).

Part 8.

Army.

1960-61.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, including provision for Land Forces to a number not exceeding 317,000, all ranks, in addition to the Reserve Forces, Territorial Army, Cadet Forces and Malta Territorial Force, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the pay, &c. of the Army (including

a Supplementary sum of £10) -

2. For the Reserve Forces (to a number

ndt exceeding 337,500 all ranks, including a number not exceeding 325,000 other ranks), Territorial Army (to a number not exceeding 333,865 all ranks), Cadet Forces and Malta Territorial Force -

3. For the salaries, wages, &c., of the

civilian staff of the War Office

4. For civilians

5. For movements

6. For supplies, &c.

7. For stores (including stores for research

and development projects and inspection, disposal and certain capital and ancillary services relating thereto)

8. For works, buildings and lands -

9. For miscellaneous effective services,

including a grant in aid to the Council of Voluntary Welfare Work -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

127,240,010

20.140.000

6.520.000

99.540.000

27.730.000

42.480.000

64.240.000

33.910.000

8.260.000

Carried forward -

-£1430,060,010

16,759,990

556.000

65,000

689.000 1,218,000

9.558.000

24.540.000

13.077.000

2.395.000

68,857,990 2

548

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Army 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

ARMY—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - Vote 10. For non-effective services - £ 430,060,010 39,990,000 £ 68,857,990 522,000

11. For certain additional married quarters 100 1,870,000

Total, Army Services - -£ 470,050,110 71,249,990

Army, War Office (Purchasing (Repayment) Services). For expenditure incurred by the War Office on the supply of munitions, common-user and other articles for the Government service, and on miscellaneous supply - 100

Army, Royal Ordnance Factories. For the expenses of operating the Royal Ordnance Factories - -£ 7,400,000 32,400,000

1960

Appropriation Act, 1960

Ch. 45

549

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9 SCHED. (B).

Part 9 Air,

AIR 1960-61.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961; including provision for officers, airmen and airwomen for Air Force Service to a number not exceeding 174,000, all ranks, in addition to reserve and auxiliary services, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the pay, &c., of the Air Force -

2. For the reserve and auxiliary services

(to a number not exceeding 161,100, all ranks, for the Royal Air Force Reserve, and 3,400, all ranks, for the Royal Auxiliary Air Force) -

3. For the salaries, wages, &c., of civilian

staff of the Air Ministry -

4. For the salaries, wages, &c., of civilians

at outstations

5. For movements

6. For supplies

7. For aircraft and stores (including a

Supplementary sum of £10) -

8. For works and lands -

9. For miscellaneous effective services,

including certain grants in aid and a subscription to the World Meteorological Organisation ...

10. For non-effective services -

11. For certain additional married quarters

Total, Air Services - - -1

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

113,110,000 6,250,000

1,069,900 5,100

5,750,000 260,000

39,200,000 4,670,000

12,530,000 2,000,000

63,190,000 7,050,000

238,000,010 21,600,000

37,770,000 23,270,000

3,700,000 4,215,000

13,140,000 320,000

100 2,200,000

j527,460,010 71,840,100

550

Ch. 45

Appropriation Actf 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 10. C3vfl. Oass I. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10

CIVIL.—Class 1

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the House of Lords -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

226,046

21,292

2. For the salaries and expenses of the House of Commons, including certain grants in aid

1,558,015

6,885

3. For expenses in respect of the registration of electors -

120,000

4. For the salaries and other expenses in the Department of Her Majesty’s Treasury and subordinate departments, the additional salary payable to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and the salaries and other expenses of his office arising from his responsibility for the co-ordination of official information, and the salary and expenses of the Minister without Portfolio

3,708,360

108,600

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council

41,323

2,150

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

Office of the Lord Privy Seal - - 10,310

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Charity Commission for England

and Wales 149,364

1,400

8.

For the salaries and expenses of the

Civil Service Commission Carried forward -

591,185

-£l

6,404,603

60,750

201,077

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

551

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

6,404,603

201,077

SCHED. (B). Part 10. Civil Class I. 1960-61.

Class I—continued

Vote

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

Crown Estate Office ... 155,584 —

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Comptroller and Auditor General - 573,931 81,550

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies - 99,121 20,125

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Actuary 39,292 28,500

13. For a grant in aid of the Government Hospitality Fund - 70,000 —

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Royal Mint, including the withdrawal of coin from circulation, the purchase of metals and production of coinages, medals, badges, dies for postage and other stamps, and Her Majesty's seals 100 4,458,570

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office and Pensions Commutation Board ... 100 60,925

16. For the salaries and expenses of the National Savings Committee - 1,309,315 —

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments 144,194 17,500

18. For the salaries of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commission and the expenses of the Commission 100 44,825

Carried forward -£ 8,796,340 4,913,072

552

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. vB). Part 10. Civil. Class I. 1960-4>1.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part \0—continued

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 8,796,340

4,913,072

Class I—continued

Vote

19. For the salaries and other expenses of Royal Commissions, committees, special inquiries, &c., including provision for shorthand and a grant in aid

312,000

20. For Her Majesty’s foreign and other secret services

7,000,000

21. For certain miscellaneous expenses, including certain grants in aid 491,468

21a. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances 46,760

2,250

22. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland and of the Scottish Home Department, and the salary of a Minister of State; grants and expenses in connection with probation services; expenses of inspection, training, superannuation, &c., in connection with the fire services in Scotland, and balances of grant in respect of expenditure incurred by fire authorities and joint fire committees during 1958-59 and earlier years; balances of grants in respect of expenses of school crossing patrols for 1958-59 and earlier years; a grant to the Legal Aid (Scotland) Fund; grants to electricity undertakings in connection with civil defence measures; and sundry other services, including grants in aid (Revised sum) -

1,223,495

30,997

23. For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Record Office - 46,969

Total, Civil, Class I - - -£ 17,917,032

14,950

4,961,269

i960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

553

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11

CIVIL.—Class II

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Sched. (B) Part II. Civil. Class II. 1960-61.

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, including Her Majesty’s Missions and Consulates abroad, and the salaries of two Ministers of State (including a Supplementary sum of £32,150)

2. For sundry grants and services con-

nected with Her Majesty’s Foreign Service, including subscriptions to international organisations and grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £1,692,160) -

3. For a grant in aid of the British Council

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations, including oversea establishments and the salary of the Minister of State for Commonwealth Relations

5. For sundry Commonwealth services,

including subscriptions to certain international organisations and certain grants in aid; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in the Republic of Ireland; a grant to the Republic of Ireland in respect of compensation to transferred officers; and certain expenditure in connection with former Burma services (including a Supplementary sum of £1,053,000) -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

16,805,460 2,450,600

21,666,607 3,391,100 513,140

3,552,910 120,100

13,905,070 762,300

6.

For expenses connected with oversea settlement, including a grant in aid - 177,875

Carried forward - - -£ 59,499,022

1,000

3,847,140

554

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Euz.2

SCHED. (B). Part 11. Civil. Class IT. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11

CTVIL—continued

Brought forward -

continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

59,499,022

3,847,140

Class n—continued

Vote

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, the salaries and expenses of the United Kingdommission to Cyprus, and the salary of the Minister of State for Colonial Affairs -

1,872,565

38,500

8. For sundry Colonial services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and grants in aid; certain expenditure in connection with the liabilities of the former Government of Palestine; certain expenditure in connection with and grants in aid to Cyprus; and certain non-effective services (including a Supplementary sum of £4,129,940) -

20,320,882

742,413

9. For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Act for the development of the resources of colonies, protectorates, protected states and trust territories, and the welfare of their peoples -

25,500,000

20,000

10. For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Act for the development of the resources of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland and of the South African High Commission Territories, and the welfare of their peoples -

1,717,000

11.

For certain expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, inducting purchase of land in the United Kingdom and a grant in aid -

1,151,489

Total, Civil, Class II -

-£110,060,958

4,648,053

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

555

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12

CIVIL—Class HI

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Sched. (B| Part 12 Civil. Class III. 1960-61.

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices; grants towards the expenses of the probation of offenders and of magistrates’ courts; expenses of inspection, training, superannuation, &c., in connection with the fire services in England and Wales, and balances of grants in respect of expenditure incurred by fire authorities during 1958-59 and earlier years; balances of grant in respect of the expenses of school crossing patrols for 1958-59 and earlier years; certain grants in aid; legal aid in criminal cases; and sundry other services -

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

7,639,870

1,605,540

2. For grants and expenses in connection with civil defence, and certain civil defence and National Fire Service expenditure arising out of the war -

7,982,000

486,700

3. For expenses in connection with the police services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training; grants in respect of expenditure incurred by police authorities and a subscription to the International Criminal Police Commission -

53,711,866

393,370

4.

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Prison Commissioners and of prisons, borstal institutions and detention centres in England and Wales 17,182,453

Carried forward -£| 86,516,189

1,053,U00

3,538,610

* 2

556

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued

Civil. Class III. 1960-61. CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - m £ 86,516,189 £ 3,538,610

Class HI—continued

Vote

5. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools in England and Wales; balances of grant to local authorities in respect of their expenditure in 1958-59 and earlier years in connection with the care and welfare of children and young persons; grants towards the expenses of voluntary homes; and expenses in connection with training in child care

2,804,100

134,100

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Carlisle State Management District, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premiss -

100

1,971,550

7. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature, Court of CriminalAppealandCourts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and the Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions AppealT ribunals, the LandsT ribunal, the Restrictive Practices Court, and the Council on Tribunals; payments to jurors; trial of election petitions; fees to deputy metropolitan magistrates, payments to the Chancery Court of the County Palatine of Durham and expenses in connection with certain Advisory Committees -

159,757

2,074,000

8.

For salaries and expenses in connection with the County Courts -

Carried forward -£

543,560

90,023,706

2,808,250

10,526,510

1960

Appropriation Act, 1960

Ch. 45

557

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B). Part 11 Civil. Class III. 1960-61.

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 90,023,706

10,526,510

Class HI—continued

Vote

9. For a grant to the Legal Aid Fund - 2,202,450

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Land Registry - 100

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Public Trustee - 100

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Law Officers* Department; the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; and the costs of prosecutions and other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency - - 757,776

13. For certain miscellaneous legal ex-

penses 69,150

14. For grants and expenses in connection with civil defence in Scotland, and certain civil defence and National Fire Service expenditure arising out of the war

856,475

1,517,920

522,900

217,000

17,100

15. For the salary and expenses of the Inspector of Constabulary, the cost of special services, and grants in respect of police expenditure in Scotland

5,670,137

16,065

16. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish

prisons and borstal institutions Carried forward -

1,612,656

101,192,550

205,900

13,023,395

558

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 12. CiviL Class III. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward -Class HI—continued

Vote

17. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools in Scotland; balances of grant to local authorities in respect of their expenditure in 1958-59 and earlier years in connection with the care and welfare of children and young persons; grants towards the expenses of voluntary homes; and expenses in connection with training in child care (Revised sum) -

Supply

Grants

101,192,550

Appropriations in Aid

13,023,395

433,530

8,520

18. For the salaries and expenses of the

State Management Districts in Scotland, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises

19. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s Department and other law charges, including the provision of free legal assistance, a scheme of diligence payments, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice, of the office of the Scottish Land Court and of Pensions Appeal Tribunals -

20. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Registers of Scotland

100

386,614

100

487,687

329,200

206,887

21. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in Northern Ireland; and other expenses, including certain expenses in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, trial of election petitions and a grant in aid

79,874

26,861

Carried forward

-£102,092,768

14,082,550

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

559

SCHEDULE (B).—Part

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 102,092,768 14,082,550

Class III—continued Vote 22. For charges in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, and the expenses of management of guaranteed stocks and bonds issued for the purposes of Irish land purchase 1,168,540 95

Total, Civil, Class III - -£ 103.261,308 14,082,645

SCHED. (BE Part 1? Civil. Class HI. 1960-61.

560

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 13. Civil. Class IV. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13

CIVIL.—Class IV

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Vote

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, subscriptions to international organisations, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare - 87,400,575 37,982,495

For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including a grant in aid 854,450 98,582

For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum (Natural History), including a grant in aid - 496,806 11,338

For the salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Museum, including a grant in aid 54,436 4,000

For the salaries and expenses of the London Museum, including a grant in aid 44,260 70

For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, including a grant in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £75,000) - 280,449 1,422

For the salaries and expenses of the Tate Gallery, including a grant in aid 105,281 527

For the salaries and expenses of the National Maritime Museum, including a grant in aid - 74,276 190

For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid 38,262 2,700

Carried forward -£ 89,348,795 38,101,324

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

561

SCHEDULE (B).—Part \3—continued

CIVIL—continued

Vote

Brought forward -Class IV—continued

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection -

11. For grants in aid of certain institutions

and bodies concerned with science, learning and the arts, and for other services in connection therewith (including a Supplementary sum of £13,484)

12. For a grant in aid of the expenses of,

and for loans to, universities, colleges, &c., in Great Britain; for a grant to universities in respect of the cost of certain medical and dental school accommodation; and for the cost of certain post-graduate studentships (including a Supplementary sum of £4,275,000)

13. For grants to and grants in aid of the British Broadcasting Corporation - 41,067,000 293,000

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish Education Department, and of the Royal Scottish Museum, including sundry grants in aid; and for other educational services (Revised sum) 13,630,926 4,843,335

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Scotland, the Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, and the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, including grants in aid 73,729 3,600

16. For the salaries and expenses of the National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland, including a grant in aid - 25,306 80

17. For the salaries and expenses of the National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid 81,656 5,283

Total, Civil, Class IV -£|216,806,705 43,250,682

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

89,348,795

43,608

2,261,905

70,273,780

38,101,324

4,000

50

10

SCHED. (B). Part 13. Civil. Class IV. 1960-61.

562

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 14. CiviL Class V. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14

CIVIL.—Class V

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Minister of Housing and Local Government and Minister for Welsh Affairs, and the salary and expenses of the Minister of State for Welsh Affairs; the salaries and expenses of Rent Control Tribunals, Local Valuation Panels and Courts, the Local Government Commissions for England and Wales, and the National Parks Commission; grants and other expenses in connection with water supply, sewerage, coast protection, flood emergency, abating the pollution of the air, and certain civil defence services; grants and other payments in connection with planning and re-development, town development, new towns, national parks, &c.; a contribution to the Ironstone Restoration Fund; a grant in aid; and sundry other services

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

15,523,973

720,000

2. For grants and other payments in respect of the provision, reconditioning, maintenance and improvement of housing accommodation, and services in relation to emergency housing, in England and Wales ...

73,588,970

1,878,950

3. For general grants, rate-deficiency grants and exchequer equalisation grants to local authorities in England and Wales

535,275,000

Carried forward

-£|624,387,943

2,598,950

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

563

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

624,387,943

Appropriations in Aid

2,598,950

SCHED. (B>. Part 14.

Civil. Class V. 1960-61

Class V—continued

Vote

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health and the Board of Control; expenses in connection with welfare food services and food hygiene; expenditure on the Polish health services; port health administration; residential accommodation for the aged, infirm, &c.; purchases on repayment for other Government Departments; and sundry other services, including a subscription to the World Health Organisation

27,508,240

3,727,190

5.

For the provision of national health services for England and Wales and other services connected therewith, including payments to Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man, medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September, 1939, certain training arrangements including certain grants in aid, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores, &c., necessary for the services, and certain expenses in connection with civil defence -

519,172,485

145,476,455

6. For a grant in aid of the Medical

Research Council - 4,264,560

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Registrar General 602,114

376,860

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

War Damage Commission - - 360,135 2,000

Carried forward -

-£1,176,295,477

152,181,455

564

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 14. Civil. Class V. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B.).—Part 14—continued

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 1,176,295,477

152,181,455

Class V—continued

Vote

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for Scotland and the General Board of Control for Scotland; for expenses in connection with welfare food services and food hygiene; for grants and other expenses in connection with water and sewerage services, coast protection, flood and storm damage, abating the pollution of the air, town and country planning and town development; for certain expenses in connection with civil defence; and for a grant in aid and other services (Revised sum)

10. For the provision of national health

services for Scotland and other services connected therewith, including medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces alter the 2nd day of September 1939, certain training arrangements, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores, &c., necessary for the services, certain expenses in connection with civil defence, and sundry other services -

11. For grants and other payments in

respect of the provision, reconditioning, maintenance and improvement of housing accommodation in Scotland

12. For general grants, equalisation and

transitional grants to local authorities in Scotland -

5,891,220

64,332,850

18,929,580

69,541,000

446,210

17,031,960

377,705

13.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland (including a Supplementary sum of £11,250) -

79,950

11,600

Total, Civil, Class V

-£1,335,070,077

170,048,930

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

565

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15

CIVIL.—Class VI

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, the Monopolies Commission, and the Performing Right Tribunal

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

5,655,145

2,325,090

2. For the expenditure of the Board of

Trade on assistance and subsidies to certain industries, and on trading and other services; subscriptions to international organisations and grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £46,290)- - - 14,222,120

3. For expenditure of the Board of Trade

in connection with the maintenance and disposal of stocks formerly held for strategic purposes - 693,000

62,550

10

4. For the promotion of local employment and for certain remanet expenditure in connection with financial assistance to undertakings in development and other approved areas

19,223,010

50,000

5.

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Registrar of Restrictive Trading Agreements -

158,280

Carried forward

-I£39,951,555

2,437,650

SCHED. (B). Part 15. Civil. Class VI. 1960-61.

566

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Pi .1/. 2

SCHED. (B) Part 15. Civil. Qass VI. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward -

- 39,951,555

2,437,650

Class VI—continued

Vote

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, including a subscription to an international organisation, and for payments under guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council -

100

5,729,015

7. For payments under Special Guarantees given in the national interest by the Board of Trade on which consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council is not required (including a Supplementary sum of £10)

110

5,349,890

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour, including expenses in connection with employment exchanges and the inspection of factories; expenses, including grants and loans, in connection with employment services, training, transfer, rehabilitation and resettlement; expenses in connection with national service; repayment of loan charges in respect of employment schemes; expenses of the Industrial Court; a subscription to the International Labour Organisation; grants in aid; and sundry other services (including a Supplementary sum of £8,000) -

22,556,000

4,508,000

Carried forward -

62,507,765

18,024,555

1960

Appropriation Act, 1960

Ch. 45

567

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class VI—continued

Vote

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Aviation for the administration of supply (including research and development, production, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto); for administrative services in connection with civil aviation (including the salaries and expenses of the Air Transport Advisory Council and the Air Transport Licensing Board) and the aircraft, light metals and electronics industries; and for miscellaneous services (Revised sum) -

10. For the construction, maintenance and

operation of aerodromes and other services in connection with Civil Aviation, including a subscription to an international organisation and certain grants and subsidies (including a Supplementary sum of £10) -

11. For expenditure of the Minispy of

Aviation on the supply of aircraft and other equipment for the Government service, and on miscellaneous supply -

Total, Civil, Class VI

SCHED. (B). Part 15. Civil.

Sums DOt exceeding Class VI.

1960-61.

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

62,507,765 18,024,555

213,200,000 39,500,010

6,000,010 7,400,000

100

281,707,875

64,924,565

568

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B),

Part 16. Civil. Class VII. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16

CIVIL.—Class VII

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Works -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

8,145,000 3,605,000

2. For expenditure in respect of Houses of Parliament buildings -

376,500

1,700

3. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in the United Kingdom, including a grant in aid, and sundry other services

32,904,000

5,437,000

4. For expenditure in respect of public buildings overseas (including a Supplementary sum of £175,000) -

3,837,500

150,000

5. For expenditure in respect of Royal

Palaces, including a grant in aid - 668,750

6. For expenditure in respect of Royal

Parks and pleasure gardens - - 935,500

41,810

105,600

7. For grants and expenses in connection with historic buildings and ancient monuments, including a grant in aid

1,224,000

226,000

8.

For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and certain public buildings occupied in part, on repayment, by non-Exchequer bodies; for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of other Commonwealth countries and of foreign powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department

Carried forward - - -£

21,670,847 1,520,000

69,762,097 | 11,087,110

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

569

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16—continued

CIVIL—continued

Vote

Brought forward -Class VII—continued

9. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of parliamentary debates

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Central Office of Information -

Total, Civil, Class VII

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ 69,762,097 £ 11,087,110

16,485,100 7,595,000

3,869,000 748,500

90,116,197 19,430,610

SCHED. (B).

Part 16.

Civil. Class VU. 1960-61.

570

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 17. Civil. Class VIU. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17

CIVIL.—Class VIII

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food; of the Agricultural Land Commission; of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew; and of the White Fish Authority and the Scottish Committee thereof -

2. For the Ministry of Agriculture, Fish-

eries and Food, for grants and subsidies to farmers and others for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture; for payments and services in implementation of agricultural price guarantees; and for certain other services including a payment to the Exchequer of Northern Ireland

3. For the Ministry of Agriculture, Fish-

eries and Food, for grants, grants in aid and expenses in connection with agricultural and food services; including land drainage and rehabilitation of land damaged by flood and tempest; purchase, development and management of land, including land settlement and provision of smallholdings; services in connection with livestock, and compensation for slaughter of diseased animals; provision and operation of machinery; training and supplementary labour schemes; control of pests; education, research and advisory services; marketing; agricultural credits; horticulture; certain trading services; subscriptions to international organisations; and sundry other services including certain expenses in connection with civil defence -

Carried forward - - -£

Sums not exceeding

If wO Appropriations in Aid

£ £

19,244,345 270,000

224,267,030 5,020

11,090,345 6,203,780

254,601,720 6,478,800

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

571

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

- 254,601,720

Appropriations in Aid

6,478,800

Class Vin—continued

Vote

4. For expenditure of the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves -

2,200,000

11,650,000

5. For financial assistance to fishermen and for research and development in connection with fisheries and fish marketing; including grants and loans to the White Fish Authority; a grant in aid of the White Fish Marketing Fund; subscriptions to international organisations; and grants and loans towards the construction, improvement and repair of harbours and fishing facilities -

8,260,930

7,800

6. For the survey of Great Britain and other mapping services ...

3,350,200

735,000

7. For a grant in aid of the Agricultural Research Fund -

5,270,000

8. For a grant in aid of the Nature Conservancy

9. For a grant in aid of the Development Fund

465,000

1,051,000

10. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund j 10,939,000

Carried forward -

i I iu,v^y,uuu

-£|286,137,850

18,871,600

SCHED. (B). Part 17. CSviL Class VIII. 1960-61.

572

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 17. QviL Class VU1. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17—continued

Vote

11.

12.

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class VIII—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland, the Crofters Commission and the Red Deer Commission; for grants and subsidies to farmers and others for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture; for certain payments in implementation of agricultural price guarantees; and for grants, grants in aid and expenses in connection with services to agriculture; including land drainage and flood services; purchase, improvement and management of land; land settlement; marine works in the congested districts; services in connection with livestock and compensation for slaughter of diseased animals; provision and operation of machinery; training and labour schemes; control of pests; agricultural education, research and advisory services; marketing; agricultural credits; expenses including subsidies in connection with certain transport services; and sundry other services (Revised sum) -

For Scottish fisheries and the United Kingdom herring industry; including the salaries and expenses of the fisheries staff of the Department of Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland, and of the Herring Industry Board and Advisory Council; grants, loans and expenses in connection with assistance to fishermen, fishery protection, research and development relating to fisheries and fish marketing, and the construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of harbours and fishing facilities; Outer Hebrides fisheries training scheme; and a grant in aid of the Herring Marketing Fund (Revised sum) -

Total, Civil, Class VIII

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

286,137,850

35,944,909

2,905,364

324,988,123

Appropriations in Aid

18,871,600

998,280

14,550

19,884,430

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

573

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18

CIVIL.—Class IX

SCHED. (B). Part 18. Civil. Class IX. 1960-61.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport, including the salaries and expenses of the Coastguard, the Transport Tribunal, and the Inland Waterways Redevelopment Committee, subscriptions to international organisations and sundry other services

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

3,624,900

3,965,000

2.

For expenditure, including grants and loans to highway, &c., authorities, in respect of roads in England and Wales and services connected therewith, including the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads, road research, and road safety and to the British Transport Commission; balances of grant in respect of the salaries of surveyors for 1958-59 and earlier years; the stopping-up and diversion of highways and advance payments in respect of land acquired for trunk roads; for expenses in connection with temporary parking accommodation in London; for expenses in connection with the collection of motor vehicle duties, &c., and the registration of motor vehicles in Great Britain; and for certain compensation payments (including a Supplementary sum of £10,010) -

105,647,720

Carried forward - - -£|l09,272,620

2.715.000

6.680.000

574

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8&9EUZ.2

SCHED. (B). Part 18. Civil Class DC. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 109,272,620

6,680,000

Class IX—continued

Vote

3. For expenses, including war terminal expenses, in connection with the provision and use of ships for trooping, emigration and other purposes; reimbursement of surcharge on tolls for clearance of Suez Canal; development of nuclear propulsion for merchant ships; and expenses in respect of miscellaneous services connected with shipping, seamen, inland transport and ports, including the repair of damage by flood and tempest, and certain special and other services

1,277,250

511,650

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Power and expenses in connection with the licensing and insurance of nuclear installations, and with the nationalisation of the gas industry

2,144,560

446,050

5. For the supply, storage and distribution of petroleum products, loans for the installation of fuel-saving equipment, assistance to gas and electricity services in areas of high unemployment and certain other services of the Ministry of Power, including expenditure on civil defence -

3,079,430

654,100

6.

For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Minister for Science -

82,500

10,200

Carried forward

-£115,856,360

8,302,000

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

575

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18—continued

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B). Part 18. Civil. Class IX. 1960-61.

Brought forward

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 115,856,360

8,302,000

Class IX—continued

Vote

7. For payments to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority in respect of expenses in connection with the supply of atomic energy and radioactive substances, including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto, and for subscriptions to international organisations (including a Supplementary sum of £44,000) -

93,571,000

29,315,000

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including certain subscriptions to international organisations

12,703,407

1,765,583

9. For expenditure, including grants and loans to highway, &c., authorities, in respect of roads in Scotland and services connected therewith, including the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads, road research and road safety; expenditure on the stopping-up and diversion of highways and certain compensation payments (Revised sum)

15,947,390

25,950

10. For expenditure of the Ministry of Transport in grant to the British Transport Commission in respect of the Commission’s net deficits on revenue account -

Total, Civil, Class IX - -£

105,000,000

343,078,157

39,408,533

576

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 19. CiviL Class X. 1960-61.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19

CIVIL.—Class X

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Vote

1. For superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances, supplementary pensions, and certain other expenses in connection with superannuation in respect of civil employment

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

21,937,000

782,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance, including certain expenses in connection with national insurance, industrial injuries insurance, family allowances, workmen's compensation, war pensions, a subscription to an international organisation and sundry other services

5,014,850

25,935,000

3. For payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or out of service in the Armed Forces after die 2nd day of September 1939; sundry contributions in respect thereof; grants from the residual proceeds of the sale of Japanese assets in the United Kingdom and other countries and of the Burma-Siam Railway; and other services, including payment of national service grants

96,479,250

1,720,000

4.

For sums payable by the Exchequer to the National Insurance Fund and the Industrial Injuries Fund and for payments in respect of family allowances

313,473,000

27,000

Carried forward

-£,436,904,100

28,464,000

1960

Appropriation Act, 1960

Ch. 45

577

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class X—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

- 436,904,100

28,464,000

Vote

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the National Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; non-contributory old age pensions, including pensions to blind persons; assistance grants, &c.; expenses of reception centres, &c.; and the maintenance of certain classes of Poles in Great Britain -

185,884,000

2,600,000

SCHED. (B). Part 19.

Civil Class X 1960-61.

6. For pensions and allowances to certain members of the former Indian and Burma Services and their dependants, and to certain judges; for related medical and miscellaneous expenses; for payments in respect of commutation of pensions; and for certain payments to the Governments of India and Pakistan connected with pensions

7,306,150

2,250

, 7.

For pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to widows of such members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra-statutory payments

1,105,000

Total, Civil, Class X

-£631,199,250

31,066,250

T

578

Ch. 45

Appropriation , 1960

8 & 9 Eltz. 2

SCHED. vB).

Part 20.

Revenue

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 20

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1961, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department, including a subscription to an international organisation ...

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

18,668,600

816,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department -

50,671,000

931,000

3.

For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, including telegraphs and telephones; and subscriptions to certain international organisations

400,081,000

72,017,665

Total, Revenue Departments

469,420,600

73,764,665

1960

Appropriation , 1960

Ch. 45

579

SCHEDULE (C).—Part 1 Sched. (Q.

Parti. Navy Services, 1958-59. Section 5.

Navy Services, 1958-59, Votes DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

£ r. £ s. . £ 5. .

1. Pay, &c., of the Royal

Navy and Royal

Marines 542,609 0 8 25,543 2 3 — —

2. Victualling and Cloth-

ing for the Navy ... — — 201,883 13 11 427,112 5 5

3. Medical Establish-

ments and Services... — 2,733 1 6* 66,996 10 11 —

4. Civilians employed on

Fleet Services 35,198 9 2 — — 18,388 10 4

5. Educational Services... — — 34,479 3 6 6,150 13 10

6. Scientific Services — — 90,627 13 1 88,734 17 11

7. Royal Naval Reserves — — 24,780 4 9 268 19 1

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs,

Maintenance, See.:

Section I.—Personnel 109,874 8 6 185,337 13 5

Section II.—Materiel 88,274 1 9* 625,976 17 4 —

Section III.—

Contract Work — — 2,352,558 3 9 5,106,657 16 10

9. Naval Armaments ... — — 508,315 6 2 988,758 3 8

10. Works, Buildings and

Repairs at Home and

Abroad — 286,342 6 11* 100,982 9 0

11. Miscellaneous Effective

Services — — 166,780 14 0 179,810 9 10

12. Admiralty Office — — 571,118 10 4 28,189 5 0

13. Non-Effective Services 650,489 14 5 — — 70,187 9 6

14. Merchant Shipbuilding

and Repair 1,027 13 5 — — —

15. Additional Married

Quarters — 47,440 8 7* 47,440 8 7 —

Balances Irrecoverable and

Claims Abandoned 11,425 10 5 — — —

• These deficiencies of receipts were wholly or partially offset by surpluses of estimated over actual gross expenditure.

580

Ch. 45

Appropriation Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Sched. (Q. Part 2. Army Services, 1958-59. Section 5.

SCHEDULE (Q.—Part 2

DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Army Services 1958-59, Votes Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure \ Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

1. Pay, Ac., of the £ £ s. . £ s. . £ s. .

Army 2. Reserve Forces, Territorial Army 939,406 7 4 128,823 16 8

and Cadet Forces 183,110 17 1 3,925 12 8 — —

3. War Office 17,460 6 9 — — 3,514 2 4

4. Civilians — — 855,973 2 6 118,299 17 7

5. Movements 527,809 12 1 — — 27,650 2 10

6. Supplies, Ac. 131,864 5 3 — — 405,821 13 7

7. Stores 8. Works, Buildings — — 450.150 1 3 817,475 10 10

and Lands 9. Miscellaneous Effec- 1,210,880 1 9 317,312 18 8

tive Services ... 10. Non-Effective Ser- 8,055,778 4 2 102,617 12 8

vices 11. Additional Married 376,255 7 4 11,343 7 5

Quarters Balances Irrecoverable and Claims Abandoned 31,301 11 3 28,854 4 1* 28,854 4 7 —

* This deficiency of receipts was wholly offset by the surplus of estimated over actual gross expenditure.

1960

Appropriation Act, 1960

Ch. 45

581

SCHEDULE (C).—Part 3 Sched. (Q.

Part 3. Air Services, 1958-59. Section 5.

DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Air Services 1958-59, Votes Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

1. Pay, Ac., of the Air Force £ s. . £ . £ s. . £ .

— — 538,279 3 1 59,037 1 11

2. Reserve and Auxi-

liary Services ... — 3,855 10 4* 91,906 18 10 —

3. Air Ministry — — 33,728 6 7 2,800 10 11

4. Civilians at Out-

stations — — 466,237 4 3 126*231 19 1

5. Movements — 173,569 7 11* 304,753 14 4 —

6. Supplies — 62,629 14 2* 1,195,750 6 8 —

7. Aircraft and Stores — 1,061,624 11 0* 2,775,069 10 6 —

8. Works and Lands... 9. Miscellaneous Effec- — — 565,050 9 11 1,551,409 8 9

tive Services ... — — 379,569 13 5 52,734 10 7

10. Non-Effective Ser-

vices — 2,019 17 10* 192,439 12 7 —

11. Additional Married

Quarters Balances Irrecoverable and Claims Abandoned 8,669 18 7 576,641 11 4* 11,591 1 5 —

* These deficiencies of receipts were wholly or partially offset by surpluses of estimated over actual gross expenditure.

582

Ch. 46 Corporate Bodies' Contracts Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Cases where contracts need not be under seal.

Exclusion of

companies

under

Companies

Acts.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 38.

Powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 46

An Act to amend the law governing the making of contracts by or on behalf of bodies corporate; and for connected purposes.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Contracts may be made on behalf of any body corporate, wherever incorporated, as follows:—

(a) a contract which if made between private persons would be by law required to be in writing, signed by the parties to be charged therewith, may be made on behalf of the body corporate in writing signed by any person acting under its authority, express or implied, and

(b) a contract which if made between private persons would by law be valid although made by parol only, and not reduced into writing, may be made by parol on behalf of the body corporate by any person acting under its authority, express or implied.

(2) A contract made according to this section shall be effectual in law, and shall bind the body corporate and its successors and all other parties thereto.

(3) A contract made according to this section may be varied or discharged in the same manner in which it is authorised by this section to be made.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be taken as preventing a contract under seal from being made by or on behalf of a body corporate.

(5) This section shall not apply to the making, variation or discharge of a contract before the commencement of this Act but shall apply whether the body corporate gave its authority before or after the commencement of this Act.

2. This Act shall not apply to any company formed and registered under the Companies Act, 1948, or an existing company as defined in that Act.

3. It is hereby declared that the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws amending the law of Northern Ireland for purposes similar to the purposes of this Act.

1960

Corporate Bodies' Contracts , 1960 Ch. 46

583

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Corporate Bodies* Short tide.

Contracts Act, 1960. *8)

extent

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) This Act shall not affect the law of Scotland or, subject to the provisions of section three of this Act, of Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE

Repeals

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

35 & 36 Vict. The Charitable Trustees Section eleven.

c. 24. 56 & 57 Vict Incorporation Act, 1872. The Industrial and Provi- In section thirty-five, paragraphs (b), ( c) and (). 1

c. 39. dent Societies Act, 1893. 1

CHAPTER 47

Offices Act, 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Regulations for securing health, safety and welfare of persons employed

in offices.

2. Explanation of term " office

3. Duties of employees with respect to things provided under regulations.

4. Posting of abstract of Act and of regulations.

5. Notification of accidents.

6. Enforcement of Act by local authorities.

7. Enforcement of Act as respects offices in factories.

8. Enforcement of Act as respects offices at mines and quarries.

9. Disclosure of trade secrets.

10. Power of county court to modify agreements and apportion expenses.

11. Offences.

12. Expenses.

13. Interpretation.

14. Exclusion of places below ground to which Mines and Quarries Act

applies.

15. Short title, commencement and extent.

584

Ch. 47

Offices Ac; 1960

8&9EUZ.2

An Act to make further and better provisions for health, welfare and safety in offices; and for purposes connected therewith.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Regulations 1.—(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations specifying

h^it£CurifXv *ke standards as to structure, arrangement and operation to be and welfareof applied m offices for the protection of the health, safety and persons welfare of persons employed therein, and, in particular—

employed in (a) for the provision of sufficient and suitable sanitary

omccs* conveniences with separate accommodation for persons

of each sex;

(b) for the provision of adequate and suitable facilities for washing which shall include hot and cold water and soap and clean towels or other suitable means of cleaning and drying;

(c) for the prevention of overcrowding;

() for the provision of sufficient and suitable lighting in every part of the premises in which persons are working or passing;

(e) for the provision of a standard of reasonable temperature;

(/) for the provision of effective and suitable methods of maintaining adequate ventilation;

(g) for the provision of adequate and suitable accommodation for clothing not worn by employees during working hours;

(h) for ensuring that all offices shall be kept clean;

(0 to provide for efficient means of escape in the event of

fire;

O’) to ensure the provision of adequate supplies of drinking water;

(k) for the maintenance of adequate and suitable first-aid equipment;

(I) for the regular inspection and maintenance of electrical equipment;

(m) to provide for the fencing of dangerous parts of any machinery or equipment used in offices.

(2) The Secretary of State may provide by regulations for restricting the employment of women in offices after childbirth.

1960

Offices Act, 1960

Ch. 47

585

(3) Regulations under this section—

(a) may impose obligations, restrictions and prohibitions on

employers of persons employed in offices, on such persons themselves, and on others;

(b) may make different provision to meet different circum-

stances;

(c) may provide for any incidental, supplementary or con-

sequential matters for which it appears to the Secretary of State requisite or expedient to provide for the purposes of the regulations.

(4) Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult such organisations as appear to him to represent the interests concerned.

(5) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory instrument, and no regulations shall be made thereunder unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(6) A person who contravenes any provision of regulations under this section shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that in any proceedings taken for any such contravention it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that he used all due diligence to secure compliance with the provision.

2. For the purposes of this Act the expression " office " Explanation includes any room of which the substantial use is for clerical of term work, including book-keeping, filing, typing, duplicating, machine " office", calculating, drawing, the editorial preparation of matter for publication in print, the sorting and carrying of papers, telephone operating, and the handling of money, except any room in premises of which the substantial use is as a private residence

or for private domestic purposes.

3. —(1) Any person employed in an office who wilfully interferes Duties of

with or misuses any equipment, appliance, facilities or other employees thing provided in pursuance of regulations under section one of with respect this Act shall be guilty of an offence. providS

(2) Nothing in this section shall be taken as limiting the power JS^tions conferred by section one of this Act to make by regulations any such provision as is therein mentioned, including further provision as to matters which are the subject of this section.

4. —(l) There shall be kept posted at a prominent place Posting of accessible to all persons employed at any office a copy of any abstract of prescribed abstract of this Act and a copy of any prescribed Act of abstract of regulations made under section one of this Act. regulations.

T*

586

Ch. 47

Offices Ac, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(2) The abstract posted in accordance with subsection (1) of this section shall be posted in such a position as to be conveniently read by persons employed in the premises and shall be maintained in a legible condition.

(3) If any person pulls down, injures or defaces any abstract posted in pursuance of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(4) The occupier of any office in respect of which there is a contravention of any of the provisions of subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that, in any proceedings taken for a contravention of any such provision, it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that he used all due diligence to secure compliance with the provision.

Notification 5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where any

of accidents, accident occurs in an office which either—

(a) causes loss of life to a person employed in the premises;

or

(b) disables any such person for more than three days from

earning full wages at the work at which he was employed,

written notice of the accident, in the prescribed form and accompanied by the prescribed particulars, shall forthwith be sent by the occupier to the local authority in whose area the office is situated.

(2) No report need be sent under this section of an accident of which notice is required to be sent to the inspector for the

1 Edw. 8 & 1 district under section sixty-four of the Factories Act, 1937, and Geo. 6. c. 67. a report under this section of an accident in an office which is

within the close, curtilage or precincts of premises constituting a factory as defined in that Act shall be sent to the said inspector, and not to the local authority.

(3) No report need be sent under this section of an accident

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. in an office to which section one hundred and sixteen of the

e. 70. Mines and Quarries Act, 1954 (which requires the notification of

accidents in mines and quarries), applies.

(4) A person who contravenes any provision of this section shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that, in any proceedings taken for any such contravention consisting in a failure to give written notice of such an accident, it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that he was not aware that the accident had occurred.

1960

Offices Ac, 1960

Ch. 47

587

6. —(1) Subject to the provisions of sections seven and eight of this Act, it shall be the duty of a local authority to enforce within their area the provisions of this Act and of any regulations made under section one thereof, and accordingly—

(a) any officer of the authority duly authorised in that behalf

may, after producing (if so required) some duly authenticated document showing that he is so authorised, enter at all reasonable hours any office, or any premises which he has reasonable cause to believe to be an office, for the purpose of making such examinations and enquiries as may be necessary to ascertain whether the provisions of this Act and of regulations made under section one thereof are complied with; and

(b) in England and Wales the authority shall have power to institute proceedings against any person for an offence under this Act

(2) Any person who obstructs an officer of a local authority in the exercise of his powers under this section shall be guilty of an offence.

7. —(1) This section applies to any office which forms part of a factory as defined in section one hundred and fifty-one of the Factories Act, 1937, or of any such premises as are described in section one hundred and three, section one hundred and four or subsection (1) of section one hundred and five of that Act, and to any office which is situated within the close, curtilage or precincts of premises constituting a factory as so defined.

(2) The provisions of this Act and, save in so far as they relate to sanitary conveniences or to the employment of women after childbirth, the provisions of any regulations made under section one of this Act shall, in the case of offices to which this section applies, be enforced by inspectors appointed by the Minister of Labour under section one hundred and twenty-two of the Factories Act, 1937; and—

(a) the Minister of Labour may regulate the cases and manner in which inspectors so appointed are to execute and perform their powers and duties under this section;

(b) an inspector so appointed may, after producing (if so

required) the certificate of appointment issued to him under section one hundred and twenty-five of the said Act of 1937, enter at all reasonable hours any office to which this section applies, or any premises which he has reasonable cause to believe to be an office to which this section applies, for the purpose of making such examinations and inquiries as may be necessary to ascertain whether the said provisions are complied with;

T* 2

Enforcement of Act by local

authorities.

Enforcement of Act as respects offices in factories.

588

Ch. 47

Offices Ac, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Enforcement of Act as respects office at mines and quarries.

Disclosure of trade secrets.

(c) any person who obstructs an inspector so appointed in the exercise of his powers under this section shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) An inspector appointed as aforesaid, if so authorised in writing under the hand of the Minister of Labour, may, although he is not of counsel, or a solicitor, prosecute or conduct before a magistrates’ court (or, in Scotland, the sheriff court) any proceeding arising under this Act with respect to any office to which this section applies or with respect to the exercise, or attempted exercise, by him of any power conferred on him by this section.

(4) It shall not be an objection to the competency of an inspector to give evidence in any proceeding instituted in Scotland in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection that the proceeding is_brought at his instance or conducted by him.

8. —(1) This section applies to any office which, for the purposes of the Mines and Quarries Act, 1954, forms or is deemed to form part of a mine or quarry within the meaning of that Act.

(2) The provisions of this Act and of any regulations made under section one of this Act shall, in the case of offices to which this section applies, be enforced by inspectors appointed by the Minister of Power under section one hundred and forty-four of the Mines and Quarries Act, 1954, or such other officers of the Ministry of Power as may be authorised in that behalf in writing under the hand of the Minister of Power; and—

(a) the Minister of Power may regulate the cases and manner in which inspectors so appointed and other officers so authorised are to execute and perform their powers and duties under this section;

(b) an inspector so appointed or officer so authorised may, after producing (if so required) the instrument by which he was so appointed or, as the case may be, his said written authority, enter at all reasonable hours any office to which this section applies, or any premises which he has reasonable cause to believe to be an office to which this section applies, for the purpose of making such examinations and inquiries as may be necessary to ascertain whether the said provisions are complied with;

(c) any person who obstructs an inspector so appointed or an officer so authorised in the exercise of his powers under this section shall be guilty of an offence.

9. If any person who, in pursuance of powers conferred by this Act, is admitted into any office discloses to any person any information obtained by him in that office with regard to the trade or business carried on by the occupier thereof he shall, unless such disclosure was made in the performance of his duty, be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a

1960

Offices Ac, 1960

Ch. 47

589

fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

10. —(1) A person who, by reason of the terms of an agreement Power of or lease relating to any premises, is prevented from carrying out coimty court in those premises any structural or other alterations which area^ments necessary to enable him to comply with the provisions of any regulations made under section one of this Act may apply to the apportion county court, and the court may make such an order setting expenses, aside or modifying any terms of the agreement or lease as the

court considers just and equitable in the circumstances of the case.

(2) Where—

(a) any structural or other alterations are required in any premises in order to comply with the provisions of any regulations made under section one of this Act, and

(b) any person interested in the premises alleges that the whole or part of the expenses of the alterations ought to be borne by some other person having an interest therein,

the first mentioned person may apply to the county court; and the court may make such an order concerning the expenses or their apportionment as the court (having regard to the terms of any agreement or lease relating to the premises) considers just and equitable in the circumstances of the case.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland for any reference to the county court there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff.

11. —(1) A person guilty of an offence under this Act for which Offences, no express penalty is provided by this Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and,

if the contravention in respect of which he is convicted is continued after the conviction, he shall, subject to subsection (2) of this section, be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds for each day on which the contravention was so continued.

(2) Where a person is convicted of an offence under this Act, the court may, in addition to or instead of inflicting a fine, order him, within the time specified in the order, to take such steps as may be so specified for remedying the matters in respect of which the contravention occurred; and where such an order is made, the person convicted shall not be liable under this Act in respect of the continuation of the contravention during the time specified therein.

(3) Where an offence under this Act which has been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar

590

Ch. 47

Offices Ac, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Expenses.

Interpretation.

Exclusion of places below ground to which Mines and Quanies Act applies.

Short title, commencement and extent

officer of the body corporate, or any person purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as die body corporate shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

In this subsection " director ", in relation to any body corporate which is established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking and whose affairs are managed by the members thereof, means a member of that body.

(4) Where a contravention of a provision of this Act or of regulations made under section one thereof for which a person is, by virtue of this section, liable on conviction to a penalty was due to an act or default of another person, then, whether proceedings are or are not taken against the first-mentioned person, that other person may be charged with, and convicted of, the contravention, and shall, on conviction, be liable to the same punishment as that to which the first-mentioned person is, on conviction, liable.

12. There shall be defrayed out of monies provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of monies so provided by way of Rate-deficiency Chant or Exchequer Equalisation Grant under the enactments relating to local government in England and Wales or in Scotland.

13. —(1) In this Act—

" local authority " means—

(a) in England and Wales, save as respects the administrative county of London, the council of a county borough or county district;

(b) as respects the City of London, the Common Council, and, as respects the remainder of the administrative county of London, the council of a metropolitan borough;

(c) in Scotland, a county or town council; "prescribed" means prescribed by order made by the

Secretary of State by statutory instrument.

(2) Any reference in this Act to a contravention of any provision shall include a reference to a failure to comply with that provision.

14. Nothing in this Act shall apply to any place below ground to which the Mines and Quarries Act, 1954, applies.

15.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Offices Act, 1960, and shall come into force on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and sixty-two.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) Act, 1960

Ch. 48

591

CHAPTER 48

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates'Courts) Act, 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Jurisdiction of magistrates’ court in matrimonial proceedings.

2. Order by magistrates’ court in matrimonial proceedings.

3. Supplementary provisions with respect to order for care or supervision

of child.

4. Special powers and duties with respect to children.

5. Refusal of order in case more suitable for High Court.

6. Interim order by magistrates’ court or High Court.

7. Suspension or cessation of orders.

8. Revocation, revival and variation of orders.

9. Complaint for variation, etc., by or against person outside England.

10. Parties to complaint for variation, etc.

11. Appeals.

12. Time limit for complaint on ground of adultery.

13. Enforcement, etc.

14. Parties resident or domiciled outside England.

15. Increase of maintenance payments which may be ordered under other

Acts.

16. Interpretation.

17. Expenses.

18. Repeals and savings.

19. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

An Act to amend and consolidate certain enactments relating to matrimonial proceedings in magistrates’ courts and to make in the case of other proceedings the same amendments as to the maximum weekly rate of the maintenance payments which may be ordered by a magistrates’ court as are made in the case of matrimonial proceedings.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) A married woman or a married man may apply by way Jurisdiction of of complaint to a magistrates’ court for an order under this Act magistrates* against the other party to the marriage on any of the following ..

causes of complaint arising during the subsistence of the marriage, proceedings that is to say, that the defendant—

(a) has deserted the complainant; or

(b) has been guilty of persistent cruelty to—

(i) the complainant; or

(ii) an infant child of the complainant; or

(iii) an infant child of the defendant who, at the time of the cruelty, was a child of the family; or

(c) has been found guilty—

(i) on indictment, of any offence which involved an assault upon the complainant; or

592

Ch. 48

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(ii) by a magistrates’ court, of an offence against the complainant under section twenty, forty-two, forty-three or forty-seven of the Offences against the Person Act, 1861, being, in the case of the said section forty-two, an offence for which the defendant has been sentenced to imprisonment or any other form of detention for a term of not less than one month; or

(iii) of, or of an attempt to commit, an offence under any of sections one to twenty-nine of the Sexual Offences Act, 1956, or under section one of the Indecency with Children Act, 1960, against an infant child of the complainant, or against an infant child of the defendant who, at the time of the commission of or attempt to commit the offence, was a child of the family; or

(d) has committed adultery; or

(e) while knowingly suffering from a venereal disease has insisted on, or has without the complainant being aware of the presence of that disease permitted, sexual intercourse between the complainant and the defendant; or

(/) is for the time being an habitual drunkard or a drug addict; or

(g) being the husband, has compelled the wife to submit herself to prostitution or has been guilty of such conduct as was likely to result and has resulted in the wife’s submitting herself to prostitution; or

ih) being the husband, has wilfully neglected to provide reasonable maintenance for the wife or for any child of the family who is, or would but for that neglect have been, a dependant; or

h*) being the wife, has wilfully neglected to provide, or to make a proper contribution towards, reasonable maintenance for the husband or for any child of the family who is, or would but for that neglect have been, a dependant, in a case where, by reason of the impairment of the husband’s earning capacity through age, illness, or disability of mind or body, and having regard to any resources of the husband and the wife respectively which are, or should properly be made, available for the purpose, it is reasonable in all the circumstances to expect the wife so to provide or contribute.

(2) A magistrates’ court shall have jurisdiction to hear a complaint under this section—

(a) if at the date of the making of the complaint either the complainant or the defendant ordinarily resides

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

C Magistrates* Courts) Act, 1960

Ch. 48

593

within the petty sessions area for which that court acts; or

(b) except in the case of a complaint by virtue of paragraph

(c) of the foregoing subsection, if the cause of complaint arose wholly or partly within the said petty sessions area; or

(c) in the case of a complaint by virtue of the said para-

graph (c), if the offence or attempt to which the complaint relates occurred within the said petty sessions area.

(3) The jurisdiction conferred by the last foregoing subsection—

(a) shall be exercisable notwithstanding that the defendant

resides in Scotland or Northern Ireland if the complainant resides in England and the parties last ordinarily resided together as man and wife in England; and

(b) is hereby declared to be exercisable where the complainant resides in Scotland or Northern Ireland if the defendant resides in England:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as enabling a court to include in an order under this Act against a person residing in Scotland or Northern Ireland a provision such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act.

2.—(1) Subject to the proviso to subsection (3) of section Order by one of this Act and to the provisions of this section and of section magistrates* four of this Act, on hearing a complaint under the said section one by either of the parties to a marriage the court may make proceedings, an order (in this Act referred to as a " matrimonial order ") containing any one or more of the following provisions, namely—

(u) a provision that the complainant be no longer bound to cohabit with the defendant (which provision while in force shall have effect in all respects as a decree of judicial separation);

(b) a provision that the husband shall pay to the wife such weekly sum not exceeding seven pounds ten shillings as the court considers reasonable in all the circumstances of the case;

(c) where, by reason of the impairment of the husband’s

earning capacity through age, illness, or disability of mind or body, it appears to the court reasonable in all the circumstances so to order, a provision that the wife shall pay to the husband such weekly sum not exceeding seven pounds ten shillings as the court considers reasonable in all the circumstances of the case;

. 48 Matrimonial Proceedings 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

{Magistrates' Courts) , 1960

(d) a provision for the legal custody of any child of the family who is under the age of sixteen years;

(e) if it appears to the court that there are exceptional circumstances making it impracticable or undesirable for any such child as aforesaid to be entrusted to either of the parties or to any other individual, a provision committing the care of the child to a specified local authority, being the council of the county or county borough in which the child was, in the opinion of the court, resident immediately before being so committed;

(/) if, in the case of any child committed by the order to the legal custody of any person, it appears to the court that there are exceptional circumstances making it desirable that the child should be under the supervision of an independent person, a provision that the child be under the supervision—

(i) of a probation officer appointed for or assigned to the petty sessions area in which in the opinion of the court the child is or will be resident; or <ii) of a specified local authority, being the council of a county or county borough;

(g) a provision for access to any child of the family by either of the parties or by any other person who is a parent of that child, in a case where the child is committed by the order to the legal custody of a person other than that party or parent;

(h) a provision for the making by the defendant or by the

complainant or by each of them, for the maintenance of any child of the family, of payments by way of a weekly sum not exceeding in the case of payments by either one of the parties in respect of any one child the sum of fifty shillings, being—

(i) if and for so long as the child is under the age of sixteen years, payments to any person to whom the legal custody of the child is for the time being committed by the order, or by any other order made by a court in England and for the time being in force, or, during any period when the child is in the care of a local authority under the order, to that local authority;

(ii) if it appears to the court that the child is, or will be, or if such payments were made would be, a dependant though over the age of sixteen years, and that it is expedient that such payments should be made in respect of that child while such a dependant, payments to such person (who may be the child or.

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) , 1960

Ch. 48

595

during any such period as aforesaid, the local authority) as may be specified in the order, for such period during which the child is over that age but under the age of twenty-one years as may be so specified.

(2) Where, on a complaint under section one of this Act, the court makes a matrimonial order on the ground that the defendant is for the time being an habitual drunkard or a drug addict, and the order contains such a provision as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection, then, if in all the circumstances, and after giving each party to the proceedings an opportunity of making representations, die court thinks it proper so to do, the court may include in that order—

(a) if the complainant is the husband, a provision such as is

mentioned in paragraph ( ) of the foregoing subsection: or

(b) if the complainant is the wife, a provision such as is

mentioned in paragraph (c) of that subsection;

but save as aforesaid the said paragraph (b) or (c) shall not authorise the court to require any payment such as is therein mentioned to be made by the complainant.

(3) The court hearing a complaint under section one of this Act shall not make a matrimonial order containing a provision such as is mentioned in paragraph (a), ( )or (c) of subsection 0) of this section—

(a) on the ground that the defendant has committed an act

of adultery, unless the court is satisfied that the complainant has not condoned or connived at, or by wilful neglect or misconduct conduced to, that act of adultery; or

(b) where the complainant is proved to have committed an act of adultery during the subsistence of the marriage, unless the court is satisfied that the defendant has condoned or connived at, or by wilful neglect or misconduct conduced to, that act of adultery.

(4) The court shall not make an order containing—

(a) such a provision as is mentioned in paragraph () or (e)

of subsection (1) of this section in respect of any child with respect to whose custody an order made by a court in England is for the time being in force;

(b) such a provision as is mentioned in paragraph (eh or

(g) of the said subsection (1) in respect of any child who is already for the purposes of Part II of the Children Act, 1948, in the care of a local authority;

(c) such a provision as is mentioned in the said paragraph if) or (g) in respect of any child in respect of whom the order contains such a provision as is mentioned in the said paragraph (eh

596

Ch. 48

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(5) In considering whether any, and if so what, provision should be included in a matrimonial order by virtue of paragraph

(h) of subsection (1) of this section for payments by one of the parties in respect of a child who is not a child of that party, the court shall have regard to the extent, if any, to which that party had, on or after the acceptance of the child as one of the family, assumed responsibility for the child’s maintenance, and to the liability of any person other than a party to the marriage to maintain the child.

Supplementary provisions with respect to order for care or supervision of child

3.—(1) Before including in a matrimonial order a provision committing a child to the care of a local authority, the court shall inform the authority of their proposal so to do and hear any representations from the authority, including any representations as to the inclusion in the order by virtue of paragraph (h) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act of provision for payments to the authority.

(2) Upon the inclusion in a matrimonial order of a provision committing a child as aforesaid—

(a) Part II of the Children Act, 1948 (which relates to the treatment of children in the care of a local authority) except section seventeen thereof (which relates to arrangements for the emigration of such children): and

(b) for the purposes only of contributions by the child himself at a time when he has attained the age of sixteen and is engaged in remunerative full-time work. Part III of that Act (which relates to contributions towards the maintenance of children in the care of a local authority),

shall apply as if the child had been received by the local authority into their care under section one of that Act.

(3) While such a provision as aforesaid remains in force with respect to any child, the child shall continue in the care of the local authority notwithstanding any claim by a parent or other person.

(4) Any such provision as aforesaid shall cease to have effect as respects any child when the child attains the age of eighteen years.

(5) Each parent or guardian of any child for the time being in the care of a local authority under a matrimonial order shall give notice to the authority of any change of address of that parent or guardian, and any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(6) Where a matrimonial order provides for a child to be under the supervision of a probation officer, that officer shall be selected in like manner as if the order were a probation order.

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

CMagistrates' Courts) , 1960

Ch. 48

597

(7) Where a matrimonial order provides for a child to be under the supervision of a local authority, the functions of the authority under that order shall be deemed to be included among the functions specified in subsection (1) of section thirty-nine of the Children Act, 1948 (being the functions for the purposes of which a local authority are required to establish a children’s committee), and any duties falling to be discharged by the authority by virtue of the order shall be discharged through an officer of the authority employed in connection with functions specified as aforesaid.

(8) For the purposes of any matrimonial order providing for a child to be under the supervision of a probation officer or of a local authority, without prejudice to section eight of this Act, provision may be made by rules for substituting from time to time a probation officer appointed for or assigned to a different petty sessions area, or, as the case may be, a different local authority, if in the opinion of the court the child is or will be resident in that petty sessions area or. as the case may be, in the area of that authority.

(9) Any provision of a matrimonial order that a child be under the supervision of a probation officer or local authority shall cease to have effect as respects any child when the child attains the age of sixteen years.

4.—(1) Where the court has begun to hear a complaint—

(a) under section one of this Act; or

(b) for the variation of a matrimonial order—

(i) by the revocation, addition or alteration of provision for the legal custody of a child; or

(ii) by the revocation of a provision committing a child to the care of a local authority or a provision that a child be under the supervision of a probation officer or local authority; or

(c) for the revocation of a matrimonial order consisting of

or including any such provision as aforesaid, then, whether or not the court makes the order for which the complaint is made, but subject to subsections (4) and (5) of section two of this Act and subsection (6) of this section, the court may make a matrimonial order containing, or, as the case may be, vary the matrimonial order so that it contains, any provision such as is mentioned in paragraphs () to ih) of subsection (1) of the said section two which, after giving each party to the proceedings an opportunity of making representations, the court thinks proper in all the circumstances; and the court shall not dismiss or make its final order on any complaint in a case where the powers conferred on the court by this subsection are or may be exercisable until it has decided whether or not, and if so how, those powers should be exercised.

Special powers and duties with respect to

598

Ch. 48

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(2) Where, on hearing such a complaint as aforesaid or a complaint for the variation of a matrimonial order by the revocation, addition or alteration of provision for access to a child, the court, after it has made any decision which falls to be made on the complaint with respect to any provision such as is mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act, is of the opinion that it has not sufficient information to make the decision required by the foregoing subsection or, as the case mav be. to make a decision as to access to the child, the court may call for a report, either oral or in writing, by a probation officer, or by such an officer of a local authority as is mentioned in subsection (7) of section three of this Act, with respect to such matters as the court may specify, being matters appearing to the court to be relevant to that decision.

(3) Any statement which is or purports to be a report in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection shall be made, or if in writing be read aloud, before the court at a hearing of the complaint, and immediately after k has been so made or read aloud the court shall ask whether any party to the proceedings who is present or represented by counsel or solicitor at the hearing objects to anything contained therein; and where objection is made—

(a) the count shall require the officer by whom the statement was or purported to be made to give evidence on oath with respect to the matters referred to therein; and (b) any party to the proceedings may give or call evidence with respect to any matter referred to in the statement or in any evidence given by the officer.

(4) Subject to the next following subsection, the court may take account of any statement made or read aloud under the last foregoing subsection and of any evidence given under paragraph (a) of that subsection, so far as that statement or evidence relates to the matters specified by the court under subsection (2) of this section, notwithstanding any enactment or rule of law relating to the admissibility of evidence.

(5) A report in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section shall not include anything said by either of the parties to a marriage in the course of an interview which took place with, or in the presence of, a probation officer with a view to the reconciliation of those parties, unless both parties have consented to its inclusion; and if anything so said is included without the consent of both those parties as part of any statement made or read aloud under subsection (3) of this section, then, unless both those parties agree otherwise, that part of the statement shall, for the purposes of the giving of evidence under the said subsection (3) and for the purposes of subsection (4) of this section, be deemed not to be contained in the statement

(6) On the hearing of a complaint under section one of this Act in the case of which there is a child of the family who is

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) Act, 1960

Ch. 48

599

not a child of both the parties, other than a child with respect to whose custody an order made by a court in England is for the time being in force—

(a) subsections (1) and (3) of this section shall have effect as

if any person who, though not a party to the proceedings, is a parent of that child and who is present or represented by counsel or solicitor at the hearing were a party to the proceedings; and

(b) if any such person is not so present or represented, the

court shall not make a matrimonial order on the complaint unless it is proved to the satisfaction of the court, on oath or in such other manner as may be prescribed by rules, that such steps have been taken as may be so prescribed with a view to giving notice to that person of the making of the complaint and of the time and place appointed for the hearing:

Provided that nothing in paragraph (b) of this subsection shall require notice to be given to any person as the father of an illegitimate child unless that person has been adjudged by a court to be the father of that child.

(7) Where for the purposes of this section the court adjourns the hearing of any complaint, then, subject to subsection (2) of section forty-six of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 (which requires adequate notice of the time and place of the resumption of the hearing to be given to the parties), the court may resume the hearing at the time and place appointed notwithstanding the absence of both or all of the parties.

(8) In any proceedings in which the powers conferred on the court by subsection (1) of this section are or may be exercisable, the question whether or not, and if so how, those powers should be exercised shall be excepted from the issues arising in the proceedings which, under the proviso to subsection (1) of section sixty of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952, must be determined by the court before the court may direct a probation officer to make to the court under that section a report on the means of the parties.

5. Where on hearing any complaint under section one of this Act a magistrates’ court is of the opinion that any of the matters in question between the parties would be more conveniently dealt with by the High Court, the magistrates’ court may refuse to make a matrimonial order on the complaint, and no appeal shall lie from that refusal; but if in any proceedings in the High Court relating to or comprising the same subject matter as that complaint the High Court so orders, the complaint shall be re-heard and determined by a magistrates’ court acting for the same petty sessions area as the first-mentioned court.

Refusal of order in case more suitable for High Court.

600

Interim order by magistrates court or High Court

Ch. 48 Matrimonial Proceedings 8 & 9 Ellz. 2

(Magistrates' Courts) , 1960

6,—(1) Where in the case of any complaint made to a magistrates’ court under section one of this Act—

(a) the magistrates* court, at any time before making its

final order on the complaint, adjourns the hearing of the complaint for any period exceeding one week; or

(b) the magistrates’ court refuses by virtue of section five of

this Act to make a matrimonial order on the complaint; or

(c) after such a refusal by the magistrates’ court as aforesaid,

or on an appeal under section eleven of this Act from, or from the refusal of, a matrimonial order on the complaint, the High Court by virtue of the said section five or eleven orders that the complaint shall be re-heard by a magistrates’ court, then, in a case falling within paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection the magistrates’ court, or in a case falling within paragraph (c) thereof the High Court, may make an order under this section (in this Act referred to as an " interim order ").

(2) An interim order may contain—

(a) any such provision as is mentioned in paragraph (b), (c)

or (h) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act; and

(b) where by reason of special circumstances the court

thinks it proper, but subject to subsection (4) of the said section two, any provision such as is mentioned in paragraph () or (g) of that subsection;

and for the purposes of paragraph (a) of this subsection the reference in sub-paragraph (i) of the said paragraph to any person to whom the legal custody of a child is for the time being committed by an order shall be construed as including a reference to any person, being one of the parties or a parent of the child, who for the time being has the care of the child; and an appeal against an interim order shall not lie if the appeal relates only to such a provision of the order as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(3) Without prejudice to sections seven, eight and eleven of this Act, an interim order in connection with any complaint shall cease to be in force on whichever of the following dates occurs first, that is to say—

(a) the date, if any, specified for the purpose in the interim order;

(b) the date of the expiration of the period of three months beginning with the date of—

(i) the making of the interim order; or

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates* Courts) , 1960

Ch. 48

601

(ii) if the interim order is one of two or more such orders made with respect to the same complaint by virtue of the same paragraph of subsection (1) of this section, the making of the first of those interim orders;

(c) the date of the making of a final order on, or the dismissal of, the complaint by a magistrates’ court.

(4) An interim order made by the High Court under this section on ordering that a complaint be re-heard by a magistrates’ court shall, for the purposes of its enforcement and for the purposes of section eight of this Act, be treated as if it were an order of that magistrates’ court and not of the High Court.

(5) The powers conferred on the High Court by this section shall be without prejudice to the powers of that court on an appeal under section eleven of this Act from the refusal of an interim order by a magistrates’ court

7.—(1) Where a matrimonial or interim order is made while the parties to the marriage in question are cohabiting—

(a) the order shall net be enforceable and no liability shall

accrue thereunder until they have ceased to cohabit; and

(b) if in the case of a matrimonial order they continue to cohabit for the period of three months beginning with the date of the making of the order, the order shall cease to have effect at die expiration of that period:

Provided that, unless the court in making the order directs otherwise, this subsection shall not apply to any provision of the order—

(i) committing a child to the legal custody of a person other

than one of the parties, or for access to that child by either of the parties or by any other person who is a parent of the child; or

(ii) committing a child to the care of a local authority or providing for a child to be under the supervision of a probation officer or local authority; or

(iii) for the making by either or each of the parties to a person other than one of the parties of payments for the maintenance of a child.

(2) Without prejudice to section eight of this Act, any provision of a matrimonial or interim order other than such a provision as is referred to in the proviso to the foregoing subsection shall cease to have effect upon the parties to the marriage in question resuming cohabitation.

Suspension or cessation of orders.

602 Ch. 48 Matrimonial Proceedings 8 & 9 Buz.2

{Magistrates' Courts) Act, 1960

(3) Where after the making by a magistrates* court of—

(a) a matrimonial order consisting of or including a provi-

sion such as is mentioned in paragraph (b), (c) or (h) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act; or

(b) an interim order,

proceedings between, and relating to the marriage of, the parties to the proceedings in which that order was made have been commenced in the High Court, the High Court may, if it thinks fit, direct that the said provision or, as the case may be, the interim order shall cease to have effect on such date as the High Court may specify.

Revocation, 8.—(1) Subject to section four of this Act, section fifty-three

revival and of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952 (which provides for the

variation of revocation, revival or variation, by order on complaint, of an

or ers' order of a magistrates’ court for the periodical payment of

money) and the proviso to subsection (1) of section fifty-five of that Act (which relates to costs on the hearing of such a complaint) shall apply for the purpose of the revocation, revival or variation of any matrimonial or interim order as if that order were an order for the periodical payment of money, whether or not it is in fact such an order; and a complaint for the said purpose may be heard whatever the time at which it is made; and for the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that for the purposes of this Act the expression "variation" in relation to any order includes the addition to that order of any provision authorised by this Act to be included in such an order:

Provided that, without prejudice to the powers and duties of the court under section four of this Act, nothing in this section shall authorise the making of a complaint—

(a) for the variation of an order by the addition of a pro-

vision committing a child to the care of a local authority or providing for a child to be under the supervision of a probation officer or local authority; or

(b) for the revival of any such provision as aforesaid which '

has ceased be in force; or

(c) for the variation of a provision committing a child to

the care of a local authority.

(2) Where on a complaint for the revocation of a matrimonial order it is proved that the parties to the marriage in question have resumed cohabitation or that the party on whose complaint the order was made has during the subsistence of the marriage committed an act of adultery, the court shall revoke the order:

Provided that—

(a) the court shall not be bound by reason of such a resumption of cohabitation to revoke any provision of

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) , 1960

Ch. 48

603

the order such as is mentioned in the proviso to subsection (1) of section seven of this Act;

(b) the court shall not revoke the order by reason of such an act of adultery as aforesaid—

(i) except at the request of the person who was the defendant to the proceedings in which the order was made; or

(ii) if the court is of the opinion that the person aforesaid has condoned or connived at, or by wilful neglect or misconduct conduced to, that act of adultery,

and shall not be bound by reason of that act of adultery to revoke any provision of the order included therein by virtue of paragraphs () to (h) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act.

(3) The court before which there fall to be heard any proceedings for the variation of a provision for the payment of money contained in a matrimonial or interim order may, if it thinks fit, order that those proceedings and any other proceedings being heard therewith shall be treated for the purposes of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, as domestic proceedings; and that Act shall thereupon have effect accordingly notwithstanding anything in subsection 0) of section fifty-six thereof; and no appeal shall lie from, or from the refusal of, an order under this subsection.

9.—(1) It is hereby declared that any jurisdiction conferred Complaint for on a court by virtue of section eight of this Act is exercisable variation, etc.: notwithstanding that the proceedings are brought by or against a person residing outside England: j£gu>nH 1 e

Provided that a matrimonial order shall not be varied by the addition of such a provision as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act if the defendant to the complaint for the variation resides outside England.

(2) Where, at the time and place appointed for the hearing of a complaint by virtue of section eight of this Act, the defendant does not appear but—

(a) the court is satisfied that there is reason to believe that

the defendant has been outside the United Kingdom during the whole of the period beginning one month before the making of the complaint and ending with the date of the hearing; and

(b) it is proved to the satisfaction of the court, on oath, or in such other manner as may be prescribed by rules.

604

Ch. 48

Matrimonial Proceedings 8 & 9 Elk. 2

(Magistrates* Courts) Act, 1960

that such steps have been taken as may be so prescribed with a view to giving notice to the defendant of the making of the complaint and of the time and place aforesaid,

the court may, if it thinks it reasonable in all the circumstances so to do, proceed to hear and determine the complaint at the time and place appointed for the hearing or for any adjourned hearing in like manner as if the defendant had appeared at that time and place.

(3) Where a complaint for the revocation or variation of any provision for the making of payments by the complainant to the defendant is heard by virtue of subsection (2) of this section in the absence of the defendant, and the court is satisfied that there is reason to believe that during the period of six months immediately preceding the making of the complaint the defendant was continuously outside the United Kingdom or was not in the United Kingdom on more than thirty days, then, if in all the circumstances, and having regard to any communication to the court in writing purporting to be from the defendant, the court thinks it reasonable so to do, the court may make the order for which the complaint is made or make such variation in that provision by way of reducing the amount of the payments as the court thinks fit.

(4) For the purposes of the hearing by virtue of subsection (2) of this section, in the absence of the defendant, of a complaint for the revocation or variation of a matrimonial order under which payments fall to be made by the complainant to the defendant through the clerk of a magistrates* court, a certificate in writing by that clerk dated not earlier than ten days before the date of the hearing and stating that, during the period mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section (or so much thereof as precedes the date of the certificate) or, as the case may be, during the period mentioned in subsection (3) of this section—

(a) every payment made under the order has been forwarded

by the clerk to an address outside the United Kingdom; and

(b) the defendant has not to the knowledge of the clerk

been in the United Kingdom at any time or, in the case of the period mentioned in the said subsection (3), on more than thirty days, shall be sufficient evidence that there is reason to believe as mentioned in paragraph (a) of the said subsection (2) or, as the case may be, in the said subsection (3).

(5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising the making of an order by virtue of section eight of this Act against a person residing outside England for the inclusion in

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) , 1960

Ch. 48

605

a matrimonial or interim order of any provision requiring payments to be made by that person exceeding in amount those, if any, required to be made by him under the order sought to be varied, unless the order by virtue of the said section eight is made at a hearing at which either that person appears or the requirements of subsection (3) of section forty-seven of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, with respect to proof of service of summons or appearance on a previous occasion are satisfied in respect of that person.

10.—(1) A complaint by virtue of section eight of this Act for the revocation, revival or variation of a matrimonial or interim order may be made in the following cases by the following persons in addition to the parties to the marriage in question, that is to say—

(a) where a child of the family is not a child of both the parties to the marriage, a complaint relating to any provision with respect to the child such as is mentioned in paragraph id) or (g) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act may be made by any person who, though not one of the parties to - the marriage, is a parent of the child;

(b) a complaint relating to payments under the order such

as are mentioned in paragraph (h) of the said subsection

(1) may be made by any person to whom such payments fall, or upon the making of the order for which the complaint is made would fall, to be made;

(c) where under the order a child is for the time being

committed to the legal custody of some person other than one of the parents or to the care of a local authority, a complaint relating to any provision with respect to the child such as is mentioned in the said paragraph () or (g) may be made by any person to whose legal custody the child is committed by the order or who seeks the legal custody of the child by the complaint;

() where under the order a child is for the time being

under the supervision of a probation officer or local authority, the probation officer or local authority may make a complaint relating to any provision with respect to the child such as is mentioned in the said paragraphs

(), (g) and C h);

ie) a complaint for the revocation of a provision of the order committing a child to the care of a local authority may be made by that local authority or by any person to whose legal custody the child is for the time being committed by the order or who by the same complaint also seeks the legal custody of the child;

Parties to complaint for variation, etc.

606

Ch. 48

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates* Courts) , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Appeals.

Time limit for complaint on ground of adultery.

(/) a complaint for the variation or revocation of a provision of the order that a child be under the super-vision of a probation officer or local authority may be made by that probation officer or local authority, or by any person to whose legal custody the child is for the time being committed by the order or who by the same complaint also seeks the legal custody of the child.

(2) Provision may be made by rules as to what persons shall be made defendants to any such complaint as aforesaid; and where in the case of any such complaint there are two or more defendants, the powers of the court under subsection (1) of section fifty-five of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952, shall be deemed to include power, whatever adjudication the court makes on the complaint, to order any of the parties to pay the whole or part of the costs of all or any of the other parties.

11. —(1) Subject to section five, subsection (2) of section six and subsection (3) of section eight of this Act, an appeal shall lie to the High Court from, and from the refusal or revocation of, or a refusal to revoke, a matrimonial or interim order by a magistrates’ court.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, any order of the High Court on an appeal under this section shall for the purposes of the enforcement of the order and for the purposes of section eight of this Act be treated as if it were an order of the magistrates* court from which the appeal was brought and not of the High Court.

(3) The last foregoing subsection shall not apply to an order directing that a complaint shall be re-heard by a magistrates* court or, without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (4> of section six of this Act, to an order to which the said subsection

(4) applies.

12. —(1) A complaint under section one of this Act on the ground of the commission of an act of adultery by the defendant may be heard if it is made within six months of the date when that act of adultery first became known to the complainant.

(2) Such a complaint as aforesaid shall not be dismissed by reason only that it was not made within the six months allowed by the foregoing subsection if the court is satisfied that the complainant—

(a) during the said six months or any part thereof was serving outside the United Kingdom in Her Majesty’s forces, or as the master or a member of the crew of a British ship or of a ship for the time being chartered on behalf of Her Majesty; and

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) , 1960

Ch. 48

607

(b) on the date of the making of the complaint, had not been in the United Kingdom for a continuous period of three months since die date of his return to the United Kingdom after the expiration of the said six months or, if he was in the United Kingdom at the expiration of those six months, the date of his last return to the United Kingdom during those six months.

(3) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection—

(a) a certificate purporting to be signed by an officer

designated for the purpose by the Admiralty, Army Council or Air Council that the complainant during any period or periods was serving outside the United Kingdom in Her Majesty’s naval, military or air forces, as the case may be; and

(b) a certificate purporting to be signed by a person

designated for the purpose by the Minister of Transport that the complainant during any period or periods was serving outside the United Kingdom as the master or a member of the crew of a British ship or of a ship for the time being chartered on behalf of Her Majesty,

shall be evidence of the facts so certified and that the complainant was not in the United Kingdom during any such period or periods.

13-—(1) The payment of any sum of money directed to be Enforcement, paid by an order made by virtue of this Act may be enforced etc. m the same manner as the payment of money is enforced under an affiliation order.

(2) Without prejudice to section fifty-two of the Magistrates’

Courts Act, 1952 (which relates to the power of the court to direct payments to be made through the clerk of a magistrates’ court), the court making an order by virtue of this Act for payment of a periodical sum by one person to another may direct that it shall be paid to some third party on that other person’s behalf instead of directly to that other person; and, for the purposes of any order made by virtue of this Act, the said section fifty-two shall have effect as if, in subsection (2) thereof, for the words " the applicant for the order " in the first place where those words occur there were substituted the words " the person to whom the payments under the order fall to be made ".

(3) Where an order made by virtue of this Act contains a provision committing a child to die legal custody of any person, or to the care of a local authority, a copy of the order may be served on any other person in whose actual custody the child for the time being is; and thereupon that provision may, without prejudice to any other remedy which may be available, be enforced under subsection (3) of section fifty-four of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, as if it were an order of the court

606 Ch. 48 Matrimonial Proceedings 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(Magistrates* Courts) , 1960

requiring that other person to give up the child to the person to whom the legal custody of the child is committed or, as the case may he, to the local authority.

(4) Any person for the time being under an obligation to make payments under any order made in proceedings brought by virtue of this Act shall give notice to such persons, if any, as may be specified in the order of any change of address; and any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

Parties resident or domiciled outside England.

14*—(1) Section fifteen of the Maintenance Orders Act, 1950 (which relates to the service of process on a person residing in Scotland or Northern Ireland) shall have effect as if subsection (3) of section one and subsection (1) of section nine of this Act were included in Part I of that Act.

(2) Nothing in either of the said subsections shall be construed as derogating from any jurisdiction exercisable by any court apart from the provisions of those subsections.

(3) It is hereby declared that any jurisdiction conferred on a magistrates’ court by this Act is exercisable notwithstanding that any party to the proceedings is not domiciled in England,

Increase of 15. The enactments hereinafter mentioned (which prescribe maintenance maximum weekly rates for certain maintenance payments which may be ordered by a magistrates* court) shall be amended as be ordered follows, that is to say-

under other (fl) paragraph (c) of the proviso to subsection (1) of

Act8, section seven of the Guardianship of Infants Act, 1925,

as amended by the Guardianship and Maintenance of Infants Act, 1951, and in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section four of the Affiliation Proceedings Act, 1957, for the words " thirty shillings " there shall be substituted the words " fifty shillings ";

(b) in subsection (3) of section four of the Maintenance Orders Act, 1958, for the words " five pounds " there shall be substituted the words "seven pounds ten shillings" and for the words "thirty shillings" there shall be substituted the words " fifty shillings ".

Interpretation. 16.—(1) In this Act, save where the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

"child", in relation to one or both of the parties to a marriage, includes an illegitimate or adopted child of that party or, as the case may be, of both parties, but does not include a child adopted by some other person or persons, and "parent", in relation to any child.

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates* Courts) , 1960

Ch. 48

609

shall be construed accordingly; and " adopted " means adopted in pursuance of an adoption order made under the Adoption Act, 1958, or any enactment repealed by that Act or by the Adoption Act, 1950, or under any corresponding enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

" child of the family", in relation to the parties to a marriage, means—

(a) any child of both parties; and

(b) any other child of either party who has been accepted as one of the family by the other party;

" dependant " means a person—

(a) who is under the age of sixteen years; or

(b) who, having attained the age of sixteen but not of twenty-one years, is either receiving full-time instruction at an educational establishment or undergoing training for a trade, profession or vocation in such circumstances that he is required to devote the whole of his time to that training for a period of not less than two years; or

(c) whose earning capacity is impaired through illness or disability of mind or body and who has not attained the age of twenty-one years;

" drug addict " means a person (not being a mentally disordered person within the meaning of the Mental Health Act, 1959) who, by reason of the habitual taking or using, otherwise than upon medical advice, of any drug to which any of the provisions of the Dangerous Drugs Act, 1951, for the time being applies—

(a) is at times dangerous to himself or to others, or incapable of managing himself or his affairs; or

(b) so conduots himself that it would not be reasonable to expect a spouse of ordinary sensibilities to continue to cohabit with him;

" habitual drunkard " means a person (not being a mentally disordered person within the meaning of the Mental Health Act, 1959) who, by reason of habitual intemperate drinking of intoxicating liquor—

(a) is at times dangerous to himself or to others, or incapable of managing himself or his affairs; or

(b) so conducts himself that it would not be reasonable to expect a spouse of ordinary sensibilities to continue to cohabit with him;

" interim order " means an order under section six of this Act and includes any order made by virtue of section

u

610

CH. 48

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates’ Courts) , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Expenses.

Repeals and savings.

Short title, extent and commencement.

eight of this Act varying or reviving an order under the said section six;

" matrimonial order " means an order under section two of this Act and includes any order made by virtue of section eight of this Act varying or reviving an order under the said section two;

" petty sessions area " has the same meaning as in the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952;

"rules" means rules made under section fifteen of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949.

(2T"Save where the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

17. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under any other enactment.

18. —(1) The enactments specified in the second column of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that the repeal by this subsection of section five of the Maintenance Orders Act, 1950, shall not affect the validity of any rules made by virtue of that section.

(2) Any application, complaint or order made, or other thing done, under or by virtue of any of the enactments repealed by this Act shall, so far as pending or in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, continue to have effect as if made or done under or by virtue of the corresponding enactment in this Act; and anything begun under any of the said enactments may be continued under this Act as if begun under this Act.

(3) So much of any enactment or document as refers expressly or by implication to any enactment repealed by this Act shall, if and so far as the context permits, be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment therein.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be taken as affecting the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

19. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Matrimonial Proceedings (Magistrates’ Courts) Act, 1960.

(2) This Act, except for subsection (1) of section fourteen and the repeal of sections one and five of the Maintenance Orders Act, 1950, shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument appoint

1960

Matrimonial Proceedings

(Magistrates' Courts) , 1960

Ch. 48

611

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

58 & 59 Vict. The Summary Jurisdiction The whole Act.

c. 39. 2 Edw. 7. c. 28 (Married Women) Act, 1895. The Licensing Act, 1902 Section five.

lO&UGeo. 5. The Married Women (Main- The whole Act

c. 63. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. tenance) Act, 1920. The Summary Jurisdiction The whole Act.

c. 51. 25 & 26 Geo. 5. (Separation and Maintenance) Act, 1925. The Money Payments (Justices Section nine.

1 Edw.’ 8 & 1 Procedure) Act, 1935. The Matrimonial Causes Act, Section eleven.

Geo. 6. c. 57. 12, 13 & 14 1937. The Married Women (Main- The whole Act

Geo. 6. c. 99. 14 Geo. 6. c. 37 tenance) Act, 1949. The Maintenance Orders Act, Sections one and five.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. 1950. The Guardianship and Main- In section one, sub-

c. 56. tenance of Infants Act, 1951. section (3) from " but *

15 & 16 Geo. 6 The Magistrates* Courts Act, onwards. Section two. In section four, in subsection (2), the words from " and any order * to "this Art’* where next thereafter occurring. In section fifty-two, the

& 1 Eliz. 2. 1952. proviso to subsection

c. 55. 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. The Emergency Laws (Miscel- (2). In section one hundred and twenty-six, in subsection (1), the paragraph commencing with the words " Maintenance order ’*. In the First Schedule,

c.47. laneous Provisions) Act, 1953. paragraph 3.

600

Ch. 48, 49

Matrimonial Proceedings 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(Magistrates’ Courts) Act, 1960

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Offences against the Person Act, 1861

Interpretation Act, 1889

Guardianship of Infants Act, 192S

Children Act, 1948

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949...

Adoption Act, 1950

Maintenance Orders Act, 1950...

Dangerous Drugs Act, 1951 Guardianship and Maintenance of Infants Act,

24 & 25 Vict c. 100.

52 & 53 Vict c. 63.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 45.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43.

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101. 14 Geo. 6. c. 26.

14 Geo. 6. c. 37.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 48.

1951

Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 ...

Sexual Offences Act, 1956 Affiliation Proceedings Act, 1957 Maintenance Orders Act, 1958...

Adoption Act, 1958

Mental Health Act, 1959 Indecency with Children Act, 1960

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 56.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 69.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 39.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 5.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

CHAPTER 49

An Act to establish a Public Health Laboratory Service Board for the exercise of functions with respect to the administration of the bacteriological service provided by the Minister of Health under section seventeen of the National Health Service Act, 1946.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of exercising such functions with respect to the administration of the public health laboratory service as the Minister may determine there shall be constituted, in accordance with the Schedule to this Act, a board by the name of the Public Health Laboratory Service Board (in this Act referred to as the Board).

(2) The Board may appoint such officers and servants, on such terms as to remuneration and conditions of service, as the Board may, with the approval of the Minister, determine.

(3) The Board may pay to its members and to the members of any committee appointed by the Board such travelling and other allowances, including compensation for loss of remunerative time, as the Board may, with the approval of the Minister and the Treasury, determine.

1960

Public Health Laboratory

Service Act, 1960

Ch. 49

613

(4) The Board shall exercise their functions in accordance with any direction which the Minister may give to them but shall in the exercise of those functions be deemed for all purposes to act as principal.

2. —(1) Any officer or servant of the Medical Research Council Transfer and who, immediately before the commencement of this Act, was Cf^tio3n employed for the purposes of any laboratory provided as part of servants, the public health laboratory service, or was employed as the

medical director of that service, shall, if his employment as such an officer or servant would have continued but for this section, be transferred to and become an officer or servant of the Board at the commencement of this Act, and his employment immediately after the transfer shall be on the same terms as to remuneration and conditions of service as immediately before the transfer.

(2) The Minister may by regulations provide for the payment by the Minister, out of moneys provided by Parliament, of compensation, subject to such exceptions or conditions as may be prescribed in the regulations, to persons who immediately before the commencement of this Act were employed as officers or servants of the Medical Research Council and who suffer loss of employment or diminution of emoluments which is attributable to the passing of this Act.

(3) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

3. —-(1) There shall be transferred to and vest in the Minister Transfer of by virtue of this Act all property, whether real or personal, property, which immediately before the commencement of this Act was

vested in the Medical Research Council and used by them solely for the purposes of the public health laboratory service, and all rights acquired and liabilities incurred by the Council solely for those purposes, other than rights and liabilities arising out of any contract of employment.

(2) The Minister may by regulations provide—

(a) for the apportionment, as between the Minister and the

Medical Research Council, of interests in property used partly for the purposes of the said service and partly for other purposes and, in the case of a leasehold interest, for the severance thereof, and for vesting in the Minister and the Medical Research Council the appropriate interests, and for the apportionment of rent payable in respect of any such severed lease;

(b) for the apportionment between the Minister and the Medical Research Council of any rights acquired and liabilities incurred partly for the purposes of the said service and partly for other purposes; and

614 Ch. 49 Public Health Laboratory 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Service Act, 1960

(c) for the determination, in default of agreement, of any question arising as to any such apportionment

(3) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) Where any proceedings affecting any property, rights or liabilities transferred by this section are pending at the commencement of this Act, the Minister may be substituted for the Medical Research Council as a party to the proceedings.

Financial 4.—(1) The Minister shall pay to the Board, out of moneys

provisions. provided by Parliament, such sums as may be necessary to defray

the expenditure of the Board incurred with the approval of the Minister.

(2) Any sums received by the Board (otherwise than under subsection (1) of this section or in the exercise of their power under paragraph 2 of the Schedule to this Act) shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) The Board shall keep proper accounts and other records in such form as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

(4) The Board shall prepare and transmit to the Minister in respect of each financial year statements of account in such form as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine, and the Minister shall transmit them on or before the thirtieth day of November following the financial year to the Comptroller and Auditor General, who shall examine and certify them and lay copies of them together with his report thereon before each House of Parliament.

[Short title.] 5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Public Health Laboratory

etc* Service Act, 1960.

(2) In this Act " the Minister " means the Minister of Health and " the public health laboratory service " means the bacteriological service provided under section seventeen of the National 9 & 10 Geo. 6. Health Service Act, 1946.

c- 81* (3) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Minister

may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.

(4) This Act does not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland

SCHEDULE

Constitution of Public Health Laboratory Service Board

1. The Board shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal.

2. The Board may accept, hold and administer property on trust for any purposes relating to the public health laboratory service or otherwise connected with bacteriological research.

1960

Public Health Laboratory

Service Act, 1960

Ch. 49, 50

615

3. The Board shall consist of a chairman appointed by the Minister and such other members so appointed as the Minister thinks fit, and the members shall include—

(a) not less than two persons appointed after consultation with the Medical Research Council; and

(b) not less than two persons with experience as bacteriologists, appointed after consultation with such organisations as the Minister thinks appropriate; and

(c) not less than two persons holding office as medical officer of health of a local authority; and

() not less than one person appointed after consultation with such organisations as appear to the Minister to represent the hospital service; and

(e) not less than one fully registered medical practitioner engaged

in general medical practice, appointed after consultation with such organisations as the Minister may recognise as representative of practitioners so engaged.

4. Subject to paragraph 5 of this Schedule members shall be appointed for a term of three years.

5. Of the members first appointed one-third (as nearly as may be) shall be appointed for a term of one year and one-third (as nearly as may be) for a term of two years; and any member appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall be appointed for the remainder of the term for which his predecessor was appointed.

6. A member may at any time resign his office.

7. A person who is or has been a member of the Board shall be eligible for re-appointment as a member.

8. The Board may elect a deputy chairman and may appoint one or more committees consisting wholly or partly of members of the Board and may delegate to any such committee any of the Board’s functions.

9. The proceedings of the Board or any committee appointed by the Board shall not be invalidated by any vacancy in the membership of the Board or committee, or by any defect in the appointment or qualification of any member thereof.

10. The Board and, subject to any directions of the Board, any committee appointed by them, may regulate their own procedure and fix a quorum for any of their proceedings.

CHAPTER 50

An Act to extend the powers of investment of the trustees of the House of Commons Members* Fund

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

le

616

Extension of powers of investment.

Short title and citation.

Amendment of s. 99 of Road Traffic Act, 1960.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

Ch. 50, 51 House of Commons Members' 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Fund Act, 1960

1. —(1) Assets of the House of Commons Members* Fund which are for the time being available for investment may be invested by the trustees—

(a) in any investments in which the trustees were authorised

immediately before the commencement of this Act to invest such assets;

(b) subject to the provisions of this section, in any other investments whatsoever,

and the trustees may from time to time realise, convert or otherwise deal with any such investments in all respects as if they were beneficially entitled thereto.

(2) The total value of the investments for the time being comprised in the Fund, not being investments authorised by paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection, shall not exceed one half of the value of the Fund; and for the purposes of this subsection the value of any investment comprised in the Fund shall be taken to be its value at cost.

2. This Act may be cited as the House of Commons Members’ Fund Act, 1960, and this Act and the House of Commons Members’ Fund Acts, 1939 to 1957, may be cited together as the House of Commons Members’ Fund Acts, 1939 to 1960.

CHAPTER 51

An Act to make provision with respect to the grant of licences to drive motor vehicles to persons who have held licences to drive such vehicles in Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or any of the Channel Islands.

[29th July, 1960

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. At the end of subsection (1) of section ninety-nine of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, there shall be added the following words " or,

(c) that within the said period of ten years he has held a licence granted under a relevant external law to drive vehicles of that class or description, not being a licence corresponding to a provisional licence, and is not, at the time of application for the licence, disqualified under that law for holding or obtaining a licence thereunder to drive vehicles of any class or description.

For the purposes of paragraph (c) of this subsection * relevant external law ’ means the law for the time being in force in

1960

Road Traffic (Amendment) Act, 1960 Ch. 51, 52

617

Northern Ireland, that for the time being in force in the Isle of Man or that for the time being in force in any of the Channel Islands that corresponds to this Part of this Act

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Road Traffic (Amendment) *

Act, I960. extCDt

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 52

Cyprus Act, 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

1. Establishment of the Republic of Cyprus as an independent sovereign

country.

2. The Sovereign Base Areas.

3. Operation of existing laws.

4. Citizenship.

5. Abolition of appeals to Privy Council.

6. Provision in event of change in relationship of Republic to the Common-

wealth.

7. Short title and interpretation.

Schedule.—Provisions as to Enactments.

An Act to make provision for, and in connection with, the establishment of an independent republic in Cyprus.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Her Majesty may by Order in Council (to be laid before Establishment Parliament after being made) declare that the constitution desig- of the nated in the Order as the Constitution of the Republic of Cyprus c^nlsLan shall come into force on such day as may be specified in the ^pendent Order; and on that day there shall be established in the Island sovereign of Cyprus an independent sovereign Republic of Cyprus, and country.

Her Majesty shall have no sovereignty or jurisdiction over the Republic of Cyprus.

2.—(1) The Republic of Cyprus shall comprise the entirety The Sovereign of the Island of Cyprus with the exception of the two areas Arcas* defined as mentioned in the following subsection, and—

(a) nothing in the foregoing section shall affect Her Majesty’s sovereignty or jurisdiction over those areas;

(b) the power of Her Majesty to make or provide for the making of laws for the said areas shall include power

u*

618

Ch. 52

Cyprus Ac, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

to make such laws (relating to persons or things either within or outside the areas) and such provisions for the making of laws (relating as aforesaid) as appear to Her Majesty requisite for giving effect to arrangements with the authorities of the Republic of Cyprus.

(2) The boundaries of the said areas shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be those defined by the maps, photographs and descriptive matter, authenticated by the signature of the Secretary of State, which have been deposited at the Commonwealth Relations Office and presented to Parliament by the Secretary of State by Command of Her Majesty.

(3) If Her Majesty by Order in Council declares that arrangements have been made—

(a) for the demarcation of the said boundaries by two or

more Commissioners appointed as specified in the arrangements;

(b) for the determination, in default of agreement between

the Commissioners, of any question as to the interpretation of the maps, photographs or descriptive matter; and

(c) for the variation of the boundaries, as defined by the

maps, photographs and descriptive matter, by agreement between the Commissioners where it appears to them expedient to do so on any grounds specified in the arrangements, and that the Commissioners have made a report that the boundaries have been demarcated in accordance with the arrangements, then as from such date not earlier than the date of the report as may be specified in the Order in Council the boundaries of the said areas shall be the boundaries demarcated by the Commissioners.

Operation of 3.—(1) On and after the appointed day any existing law which

existing laws, operates as law of, or of any part of, the United Kingdom, being a law applying in relation to Cyprus or persons or things in any way belonging thereto or connected therewith, shall, save as provided after the passing of this Act by the authority having power to amend or repeal that law or by the following provisions of this Act, continue to apply in like manner in relation to the Republic of Cyprus or persons or things in any way belonging thereto or connected therewith:

Provided that, save as aforesaid and subject to the provisions of the Schedule to this Act, any such law which contains different provision with respect to a Commonwealth country mentioned in subsection (3) of section one of the British Nationality Act, 1948, and with respect to parts of Her Majesty’s dominions outside the United Kingdom not so mentioned, or expressly excludes any such Commonwealth country to any extent, shall apply in

1960

Cyprus Ac, 1960

Ch. 52

619

like manner and to the like extent (if any) with respect to the Republic of Cyprus as it applies with respect to the said Commonwealth country.

(2) As from the appointed day, the provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the enactments therein mentioned.

(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make such further adaptations (whether in relation to the Republic of Cyprus or in relation to the areas mentioned in subsection (1) of section two of this Act) in any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed before the appointed day, or in any instrument having effect under any such Act, as appear to Her necessary or expedient in consequence of the establishment of the Republic of Cyprus.

(4) An Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent such Order and may, though made after the appointed day, be made so as to have effect from that day.

(5) An Order in Council under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(6) In this section " existing law " means any Act of Parliament (other than this Act) or other enactment or instrument whatsoever, and any rule of law, which is in force on the appointed day or, having been passed or made before the appointed day, comes into force after that day; and subsection (1) of this section shall apply in relation to existing law which operates as law of, or of any part of. Southern Rhodesia or any colony, protectorate or United Kingdom trust territory as it applies in relation to existing law which operates as law of, or of any part of, the United Kingdom, except that that sub-section—

(a) shall not apply in relation to any law passed by the

Federal Legislature of Rhodesia and Nyasaland;

(b) shall apply in relation to other law of, or of any part of.

Southern Rhodesia so far only as concerns law which can be amended neither by a law passed by the Legislature thereof nor by a law passed by the said Federal Legislature; and

(c) shall apply in relation to other law of, or of any part of.

Northern Rhodesia or Nyasaland so far only as concerns law which cannot be amended by a law passed by the said Federal Legislature.

References in this subsection to a colony, a protectorate and a United Kingdom trust territory shall be construed as if they were references contained in the British Nationality Act, 1948.

(7) Nothing in this section shall be construed as continuing in force any enactment or rule of law limiting or restricting the legislative powers of the Republic of Cyprus.

U* 2

620

Ch. 52

Cyprus Ac, 1960

8 & 9 E 2

Citizenship.

(8) Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring the application of any existing law to the Republic of Cyprus and the areas mentioned in subsection (1) of section two of this Act as one country.

4.—(1) For the purpose of giving effect to any agreement for the establishment of the Republic of Cyprus, Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide that persons of such descriptions as may be specified in the Order shall cease to be citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies on such date as may be so specified, and different dates may be specified in relation to different descriptions of persons:

Provided that a married woman shall not cease by virtue of an Order under this section to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies if on the date on which she would do so her husband is a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies and does not cease to be such a citizen on that date.

(2) If any person who in consequence of anything done before he attained the age of sixteen years ceased by virtue of an Order under this section to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies makes a declaration in the prescribed manner, within one year after his attaining the age of twenty-one years or such longer period as the Secretary of State may allow, of his intention to resume citizenship of the United Kingdom and Colonies, the Secretary of State shall cause the declaration to be registered; and thereupon that person shall become a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies.

(3) Where by virtue of an Order under this section a person of a description to which this subsection is applied by the Order ceases to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies and either—

(a) is not, immediately after the time when he ceases to be

such a citizen, a citizen of a country mentioned in subsection (1) of section six of the British Nationality Act, 1948 (which relates inter alia to the registration of Commonwealth citizens as citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies); or

(b) having been immediately after the said time a citizen of

a country so mentioned, subsequently ceases to be one in consequence of an Order under section six of this Act or otherwise,

section six of the said Act of 1948 shall, as respects any application thereunder made before the end of the period of two yeans and six months beginning with the appointed day, apply in relation to him as if he were, or were still, a citizen of a country so mentioned.

(4) Subsection (2) of section six of the said Act of 1948 (which provides for the registration as a citizen of the United

1960

Cyprus Ac, 1960

Ch. 52

621

Kingdom and Colonies of a woman who has been married to inch a citizen) shall not apply to a woman by virtue of her marriage to a person who ceases, or but for his earlier death would have ceased, to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies by virtue of an Order under this section.

(5) An Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent such Order.

(6) An Order in Council under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(7) This section shall be construed as one with the British Nationality Act, 1948.

5. On and after the appointed day no appeal shall lie to Her Abolition Majesty in Council from any court in the Republic of Cyprus; of appeals to and any appeal to Her Majesty in Council from any court in Council-the Island of Cyprus which is pending on the appointed day

shall abate on that day.

6, —<1) For the purpose of giving effect to any decision that the Provision Republic of Cyprus shall not be a country specified in subsection in event of

(3) of section one of the British Nationality Act, 1948, Her^j"^"?. Majesty may by Order in Council direct that subsection (1) of Republic to section three of this Act, so far as if relates to the said sub-the Common-section (3), and paragraph 1 of the Schedule to this Act, shall wealth, cease to have effect.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may provide either that all the provisions of section three of this Act and of the Schedule thereto (except in so far as they relate to the areas mentioned in subsection (1) of section two of this Act) shall cease to have effect or that those provisions shall continue in force to such extent and subject to such modifications as may be specified in the Order, may make such adaptations or modifications of any Act (other than this Act) in force at the making of the Order or passed before then and coming into force thereafter, or any instrument having effect under any such Act, as appear to Her Majesty in Council expedient for the purposes or in consequence of the Order, and may contain incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions.

(3) An Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent such Order, and any amending Order may be made so as to have effect from any date not earlier than the making of the Order amended.

(4) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty in Council to make an Order in Council under this section unless a draft of the Order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

622

Ch. 52

Cyprus Ac, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Short title and interpretation.

7.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Cyprus Act, 1960.

(2) In this Act " the appointed day " means the day specified by Order in Council under section one of this Act, " the Island of Cyprus " includes any islands included in Cyprus before the appointed day, and references to the Island of Cyprus or any part thereof include references to the territorial waters of the Island or part.

SCHEDULE

Provisions as to Enactments

1. —(1) Subsection (3) of section one of the British Nationality Act, 1948 (which specifies the Commonwealth countries whose citizens are British subjects or Commonwealth citizens) shall have effect as if the word "and" in the last place where it occurs were omitted and at the end there were added the words "and the Republic of Cyprus ".

(2) In relation to the Republic of Cyprus, any reference in the said Act of 1948 or in the British Nationality Act, 1958, to the High Commissioner for Her Majesty's government in the United Kingdom shall be construed as a reference to the chief representative in the Republic of Cyprus of Her Majesty's said government, whether he is known by the title of High Commissioner for that government or by any other title.

2. The proviso to subsection (1) of section three of this Act shall not apply to the Exchange Control Act, 1947.

3. In subsection (4) of section two of the Import Duties Act, 1958, after the word "Ceylon" there shall be inserted the words "the Republic of Cyprus ".

4. In the definitions of " Commonwealth force " in subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-five of the Army Act, 1955, and in subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-three of the Air Force Act, 1955, and in the definition of "Commonwealth country " in subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-five of the Naval Discipline Act, 1957—

(a) the word "or " (being, in the said Acts of 1955, that word in the last place where it occurs in those definitions) shall ibe omitted; and

(b) at the end there shall be added the words " or the Republic of Cyprus ".

5. Section four of the Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933 (which deals with attachment and mutual powers of command) shall apply in relation to forces raised in the Republic of Cyprus as it applies in relation to forces raised in Dominions within the meaning of the Statute of Westminster, 1931.

6. In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of the Visiting Forces Act, 1952 (which specifies the countries to which that Act applies) the word "or " in the first plaoe where it occurs shall be

1960

Cyprus Ac, 1960

Ch. 52

623

omitted, and at the end there shall be added the words "the Republic of Cyprus or

7. In section four hundred and sixty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to exemption from income tax in the case of certain Commonwealth representatives and their staffs)—

(a) in subsection (2), the word "or " (in the last place where

it occurs before the words "for any state'*) shall be omitted, and immediately before the words " for any state " there shall be inserted the words "or the Republic of Cyprus ";

(b) in subsection (3), after the word "or" (in the last place where it occurs 'before the words " and * Agent-General * ") there shall be inserted the words " the representative of the Republic of Cyprus or the High Commissioner

8. In subsection (6) of section one of the Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act, 1952, immediately before the word "and" in the last place where it occurs there shall be inserted the words " the Republic of Cyprus

9. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 to 1948, shall apply in relation to the Republic of Cyprus as they apply in relation to a Dominion within the meaning of the Colonial Stock Act, 1934.

(2) In section twenty of the Colonial Stock Act, 1877 (which relates to the jurisdiction of courts in the United Kingdom as to colonial stock) for the second paragraph there shall be substituted the following subsections, that is to say—

" (2) Any person claiming to be interested in colonial stock to which this Act applies, or in any dividend thereon, may institute civil proceedings in the United Kingdom against the registrar in relation to that stock or dividend.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, the registrar shall not by virtue of an order mage by any court in the United Kingdom in any such proceedings as are referred to in this section be liable to make any payment otherwise than out of moneys in his possession in the United Kingdom as registrar".

(3) The Colonial Stock Act, 1934, shall apply in relation to stock of the Republic of Cyprus as if in paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) of section one of that Act for any reference to Her Majesty’s Government in the Dominion or to the Parliament of the Dominion there were substituted a reference to the Government or the Legislature of the Republic of Cyprus, and for any reference to any legislation being submitted for the Royal Assent there were substituted a reference to that legislation becoming law. 4

(4) During any period on and after the appointed day during which there is in force as part of the law of the Republic of Cyprus any instrument passed or made before that day which makes provision corresponding to the undertaking required by paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of the said Act of 1934,

SCH.

624

Ch. 52

Cyprus Ac, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Sch paragraphs (a) and (6) of that subsection shall be deemed to have been complied with in the case of the Republic of Cyprus.

10. —(1) In subsection (2) of section four hundred and twenty-seven of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, as substituted by section two of the Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949, the word "or " (in the 'last place where it occurs before the words 4‘ or in any ") shall be omitted, and immediately before the words " or in any" there shall be inserted the words "or the Republic of Cyprus ".

(2) In the proviso to subsection (2) of section six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1948, the word "or" (in the last place where it occurs) shall be omitted, and at the end there shall be added the words " or the Republic of Cyprus ".

11. In the definition of "excepted ship or aircraft " in paragraph 3 of the Third Schedule to the Emergency Laws (Repeal) Act, 1959, the word "or " (in the last place where it occurs before the words " or in any ") shall be omitted, and immediately before the words " or in any " there shall be inserted the words " or the Republic of Cyprus "

12. The power conferred by section five of the Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1912, to extend certain provisions of that Act to Cyprus shall cease to be exerciseable, and the words "and to Cyprus " in subsection (1) of that section are hereby repealed.

13. —(1) The references in section thirty-one of the Copyright Act, 1956, to a colony shall not include the Republic of Cyprus.

(2) If the Copyright Act, 1911, so far as in force in the law of the Republic of Cyprus, is repealed or amended by that law at a time when sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 39 of the Seventh Schedule to the Copyright Act, 1956 (which applies certain provisions of that Act in relation to countries to which die said Act of 1911 extended) is in force in relation to the Republic of Cyprus, the said sub-paragraph (2) shall thereupon cease to have effect in relation to the Republic of Cyprus.

14. In subsection (2) of section two of the Indian and Colonial Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926 (which enables section one of the Act to be extended to certain countries, but not to any of the countries named in the said subsection (2)) the word "and " shall be omitted in all places where it occurs except the first such place and except in the expression " Rhodesia and Nyasaland ", and at the end there shall be added the words " and the Republic of Cyprus".

eCo

Ch. 52, 53

Cyprus Ac, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Colonial Stock Act, 1877

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

Copyright Act, 1911

Seed Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1912 Indian and Colonial Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 59.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 46.

2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. 10.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 40.

Statute of Westminster, 1931

Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933.

Colonial Stock Act, 1934

Exchange Control Act, 1947

Merchant Shipping Act, 1948

British Nationality Act, 1948

Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949.

Income Tax Act, 1952

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 4.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 6.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 47.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 14.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 44.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 56.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 43.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act, 1952. Visiting Forces Act, 1952

15 & 16 Geo. 6. &1 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

Army Act, 1955

Air Force Act, 1955

Copyright Act, 1956

Naval Discipline Act, 1957 Import Duties Act, 1958 British Nationality Act, 1958 ... Emergency Laws (Repeal) Act, 1959

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 74.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 6.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

CHAPTER 53

Oil Burners (Standards) , 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Safety standards and instructions for use of oil heaters.

2. Prohibition of sale, etc., of oil heaters or component parts not complying

with regulations.

3. Inspection and testing of oil heaters and component parts.

4. Offences.

5. Power of local authority to prosecute.

6. Expenses.

7. Exercise of power to make regulations, or an order under s. 9.

8. Interpretation.

9. Short title, commencement and extent.

626

Ch. 53

Oil Burners (Standards)

Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

An Act to make provision for minimum standards of efficiency and safety in respect of oil-burning appliances; and for purposes connected therewith.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Safety

standards and instructions for use of oil heaters.

1.—(1) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide—

(a) for requiring oil heaters of such class or description as may be specified in the regulations, or any component part of an oil heater, being a part of such class or description as may be so specified, to comply with such standards of safety as in his opinion are appropriate to reduce or prevent the risk of fire;

(b) for requiring oil heaters of such class or description as may be so specified to bear, by means of such a label or such other means as may be so specified, instructions on such matters as may be prescribed as to the working and use of the oil heaters;

(c) for any other matter for which regulations are authorised under this Act.

(2) Regulations made under this section may contain different provisions for different classes or descriptions of oil heaters or component parts of oil heaters and, in the case of regulations made for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection, may prescribe the means for ascertaining for the purposes of this Act whether any oil heaters or component parts comply with the requirements of the regulations.

Prohibition of sale, etc., of oil heaters or component parts not complying with

regulations.

2.—(1) If any person in the course of a business sells, or lets under a hire-purchase agreement or on hire, or has in his possession for the purpose of selling or letting, an oil heater and either—

(a) the oil heater, or a component part of it, does not comply with any standard of safety prescribed for the class or description of oil heater, or as the case may be, component part, to which the oil heater or component part belongs; or

(b) the oil heater does not bear instructions in compliance with the requirements of any regulations made for the purposes of sub-paragraph (b) of section one of this Act,

he shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be guilty of an offence.

1960

Oil Burners (Standards)

Act, 1960

Ch. 53

627

(2) If any person, in the course of a business, sells, or has in his possession for the purpose of selling, a component part intended for, but not embodied in, an oil heater and the component part does not comply with the standards of safety prescribed for the class or description of component part to which it belongs, he shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be guilty of an offence.

(3) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under subsection (1) of this section if he proves—

(a) that the sale or letting was carried out, or he was in possession of the oil heater, as the case may be, as the agent of a person who was not acting in the course of a business or as the servant of such an agent; or

(b) he reasonably believed that the oil heater would not be used in Great Britain; or

(c) in the case of a letting on hire, the letting was incidental to the letting of premises; or

() in the case of a sale under a credit-sale agreement or a letting under a hire-purchase agreement, he had at no time possession of the oil heater and only became the owner thereof at the time of entering into the agreement; or

(e) in the case of any letting, the letting was lawful at the time the hirer or the hirer's predecessor in title obtained possession of the oil heater,

and a person shall not be convicted of an offence under subsection (2) of this section if he proves that the sale was carried out, or, as the case may be, he was in possession of the component part, as the agent of a person who was not acting in the course of a business, or as the servant of such an agent or that he reasonably believed that the component part would not be used in Great Britain.

(4) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section or subsection (2) thereof in relation to an oil heater or component part if he proves that he had reasonable cause to believe that the oil heater or, as the case may be, component part, complied with the standards of safety prescribed for the class or description of oil heater or component part to which it belongs.

(5) Regulations under this Act may contain such provisions as appear to the Secretary of State necessary or expedient for authorising the sale, letting or possession of oil heaters or

628

Ch. 53

Oil Burners (Standards)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

component parts manufactured before the coming into operation of the regulations, or for authorising the sale or letting of oil heaters or component parts for such purposes as may be specified in the regulations, and a person shall not be guilty of an offence under subsection (1) of this section if he proves that the sale, letting or possession of the heater was authorised by those regulations, or of an offence under subsection (2) of this section if he proves that the sale or possession of the component part was so authorised.

Inspection 3.—(1) An officer of a local authority authorised by them in

attesting of writing in that behalf may, subject to the provisions of this comlSt section, on producing if so required his authority, inspect an oil partJ/ heater for the purpose of determining whether—

(a) it is an oil heater which, or any component part of which, is of a class or description to which the requirements of any regulations under this Act apply, and

(b) if it is such an oil heater, the oil heater, or any component part of it, complies with any such requirement as aforesaid,

and, subject as aforesaid and on producing if so required his authority, may inspect a component part intended for but not embodied in an oil heater for the purpose of determining whether—

(c) it is a component part of a class or description to which

the requirements of any regulations under this Act apply, and

() if it is such a component part, it complies with any such requirement as aforesaid.

(2) A local authority may, subject to the provisions of this section, purchase an oil heater which, or any component part of which, is of a class or description to which any requirements of regulations under this Act apply, for the purpose of the carrying out of a test whether the oil heater, or component part, complies with any standard of safety prescribed for the class or description of oil heater or component part to which the oil heater or component part belongs, and a local authority may, subject as aforesaid, purchase a component part intended for but not embodied in an oil heater, being a component part of a class or description to which any requirements of regulations under this Act apply, for the purpose of determining whether the component part complies with any standard of safety prescribed for the class or description of component part to which it belongs.

(3) Any such test as is referred to in the last foregoing subsection shall be carried out, at the expense of the local authority, in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations under this Act, by

1960

Oil Burners (Standards)

Act, 1960

Ch. 53

629

such person or body as may be authorised by or under the regulations to carry out such a test.

(4) An officer of a local authority shall not, by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, inspect an oil heater or component part, and a local authority shall not, by virtue of subsection (2) of this section, purchase an oil heater or component part, unless the oil heater or component part is kept on premises in the area of the authority for the purpose of being sold or let in the course of a business.

(5) Any person who wilfully obstructs any person in the exercise of his powers under subsection (1) of this section shall be guilty of an offence.

4. —(1) A person guilty of an offence under section two of this Offences.

Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds, and a person guilty of an offence under section three of this Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) Where an offence under this Act which has been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary, or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be deemed to be guilty of the offence.

In this subsection, the expression "director", in relation to any body corporate which is established by or under any enactment for the purpose of cairying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking and whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of that body.

5. A local authority in England or Wales may institute pro- Power of local ceedings for any offence under this Act committed in the area of authority to the authority.

6. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of moneys so provided by way of Rate-deficiency Grant or Exchequer Equalisation Grant under the enactments relating to local government in England and Wales or in Scotland.

7. —(1) The power of the Secretary of State to make regulations under this Act and his power to make an order under section nine of this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(2) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made under this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

prosecute.

Expenses.

Exercise of power to make regulations, or an order under s. 9.

630

Ch. 53

Oil Burners (Standards)

Act, 1960

8 &9 Euz.2

Interpretation.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 38.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 51.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 53.

16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

Short title, commencement and extent.

8. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the following meanings:—

" Act of 1932 " means the Hire Purchase and Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1932, as amended by the Hire-Purchase Act, 1954;

" credit-sale agreement " means an agreement for the sale of goods under which the whole or part of the purchase price is payable by instalments, except that, as respects Scotland, it does not include an agreement to sell under a contract to which the Act of 1932 applies;

" hire-purchase agreement ", as respects England and Wales, has the same meaning as in the Hire-Purchase Act, 1938, and, as respects Scotland, means a contract to which the Act of 1932 applies; and, as respects Scotland, references to letting under a hire-purchase agreement and to a hirer under such a letting shall include references to an agreement to sell under such a contract as aforesaid and to a purchaser under such an agreement respectively;

" local authority ", as respects England and Wales, means the council of a county borough, or a county district, the council of a metropolitan borough, or the Common Council of the City of London, and, as respects Scotland, means a county or town council;

" oil heater " means any appliance suitable for use in a dwelling-house or other residential premises and designed for the heating of space by means of the burning of kerosene within the meaning of Part VI of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, not being an appliance designed for use with a flue for the removal into the open air either directly or by connection with another flue or flues, of gases produced by the burning of kerosene;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under this Act.

(2) In this Act any reference to component parts of oil heaters includes a reference to burners and to wicks.

9. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Oil Burners (Standards) Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and sixty-one, or such earlier day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1960

Clean Rivers (Estuaries and

Tidal Waters) , 1960

Ch. 54

631

CHAPTER 54

An Act to amend the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution)

Act, 1951, so as to give to river boards powers to deal with new outlets and new discharges of trade or sewage effluent into tidal waters or parts of the sea.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

I.—(1) The provisions of subsections (1) to (15) of section Extension of seven of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act, 1951 (which 14 & 15 Geo. 6. relate to the control by river boards of the bringing into use s*7 of new or altered outlets for the discharge of trade or sewage waters, effluent to a stream and of the making of new discharges of trade or sewage effluent to a stream) shall apply to any tidal waters or parts of the sea within the seaward limits specified in the Schedule to this Act (in this section referred to as "controlled waters ") as they apply to a stream.

(2) For the purposes of the application of the provisions aforesaid—

(a) by virtue of the foregoing subsection, to any controlled waters; or

(b) by virtue of any order made, or having effect as if made, under section six of the said Act of 1951, to any other tidal waters or parts of the sea,

any reference in those provisions to the river board shall be construed as a reference to the river board for the river board area which includes the land or premises from which the discharge by means of the new or altered outlet or, as the case may be, the new discharge is being or is proposed to be made.

(3) In performing any functions under subsection (1), (2) or

(5) of the said section seven in relation to controlled waters, river boards shall have special regard to the factors arising from the tidal nature of the waters and, in particular, to additional dilution due to dispersal of the effluent by tidal action, and the varying direction of flow and salinity and any other special properties of those waters.

(4) Paragraph (a) of subsection (8) of the said section seven (which defines the expression " new or altered outlet " by reference to the date of the coming into force of that section) shall

632

Ch. 54

Clean Rivers (Estuaries and

Tidal Waters) Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

have effect in relation to any controlled waters (other than waters to which the said section seven applied immediately before the coming into force of this Act by virtue of an order made, or having effect as if made, under the said section six) as if for any reference to the date of the coming into force of the said section seven there were substituted a reference to the date of the coming into force of this Act

(5) Section fifteen of the River Boards Act, 1948 (which relates to the taking by a river board of samples of effluents passing into waters in their area) shall apply in relation to any controlled waters adjoining a river board area as if those waters were included in that area, whether or not those waters also adjoin any other such area.

(6) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section—

(a) subsection (16) of the said section seven (which relates

to the bringing into use of new or altered outlets for the discharge of trade or sewage effluent to any tidal waters or part of the sea included in a river board area for the purpose of the river board’s functions relating to fisheries and to the making of new discharges of trade or sewage effluent to any such waters or part of the sea) shall not apply in relation to controlled waters;

(b) subsection (17) of the said section seven (which empowers the Minister of Housing and Local Government by order under the said section six to direct that the provisions of subsections (1) to (15) of the said section seven shall apply to certain tidal waters or parts of the sea) shall not apply to any controlled waters; and any such order in force immediately before the coming into force of this Act shall, so far as it directs that the said provisions shall apply to any controlled waters, cease to have effect;

(c) in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of the Second

Schedule to the said Act of 1951 (which provides that a river board area shall, for the purposes of the functions of the river board relating to river pollution, include any tidal waters or parts of the sea adjoining the coast of the river board area to which any of the provisions of sections two to five or section seven of that Act for the time being apply by virtue of an order under section six of that Act) the words "or section seven " are hereby repealed;

(d) paragraph 9 of the said Second Schedule (which provides that any order under section twenty of the Rivers

1960

Clean Rivers (Estuaries and

Tidal Waters) , 1960

Ch. 54

633

Pollution Prevention Act, 1876, or under section fifty- 39 & 40 Vict, five of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923, c. 75. in force at the coming into force of the said Act of *14 Geo. 5 1951 shall have effect for the purposes of the said Act c* of 1951 as if it were an order under the said section six and extended sections two to five and section seven (except the two last subsections) of the said Act of 1951 to the waters to which the order relates) shall have effect in relation to any controlled waters as if the words "and section seven (except the two last subsections) " were omitted.

(7) Any expression used in this section which is also used in the said Act of 1951 shall have the same meaning for the purposes of this section as it has for the purposes of that Act; and any reference in this section to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Clean Rivers (Estuaries Short title,

and Tidal Waters) Act, 1960. extent and

commence-

(2) This Act and the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act, ment.

1951, may be cited together as the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Acts, 1951 and 1960.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of two months beginning with the date of its passing.

SCHEDULE Section 1.

Seaward Limits of Controlled Waters

In this Schedule, a group of two letters and eight figures identifying or associated with any point represents the map co-ordinates of that point estimated to the nearest ten metres on the grid of the national reference system used by the Ordnance Survey on its maps an<i plans.

1. A line drawn from the pier lighthouse at Berwick upon Tweed (NU01095238) to the tower of St. John's Church,

Tweedmouth (NU00565156).

2. Lines drawn across the north-western and south-eastern ends respectively of the channel between Holy Island and the coast of Northumberland from Snook Point on Holy Island to a point on the mainland at NU07444439 and from Castle Point on Holy Island to Guile Point on the mainland.

3. A line drawn across Alnmouth Bay from NU24921043 to NU24901003.

634

Ch. 54

Clean Rivers (Estuaries and 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Tidal Waters) Act, 1960

4. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the north pier and south jetty at Amble.

5. The mouth of the river Lyne.

6. The mouth of the river Wansbeck.

7. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the entrance to Blyth harbour.

8. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the entrance to the river Tyne.

9. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the outer entrance to Sunderland harbour.

10. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the North Gare and South Gare breakwaters at Tees Mouth.

11. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the outer entrance to Whitby harbour.

12. The mouth of the Scalby Beck or Sea Cut.

13. A line drawn from the tip of Spurn Head to Donna Nook at TF43029971.

14. The mouth of Saltfleet Haven.

15. A line drawn across the Wash from Gibraltar Point to Gore Point.

16. Lines drawn—

(a) from the clubhouse near Brancaster at TF77124516 to

the westernmost tip of Scolt Head Island; and

(b) from the most easterly point of the said island to Gun Hill at TF84804569.

17. A line drawn from High Cape at TF90724607 to the northernmost point of Blakeney Point.

18. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the entrance to Great Yarmouth harbour.

19. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the north and south piers at Lowestoft.

20. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the outer entrance to Southwold harbour.

21. The mouth of the river Ore.

22. A line drawn across the entrance to the River Deben from TM33143754 to TM32773648.

23. A line drawn from the beacon at Landguard Point to the Naze at TM26782450.

24. A line drawn from Colne Point at TM09991231 to Sales Point at TM02920895.

25. Lines drawn—

(a) from a point north of the river Crouch at TR03319744 to Foulness Point at TR04559508; and

1960

Clean Rivers ( E and

Tidal Waters) , 1960

Ch. 54

635

(b) from Havcngore Head at TQ98378828 to Haven Point at TQ97748775.

26. Lines drawn—

(a) from the northern end of the sea-wall on the Isle of Grain at TQ89027701 to Barton’s Point on the Isle of Sheppey at TQ93977491; and (b) from Warden Point on the Isle of Sheppey at TR02037256 to Long Rock near Whitstable at TR13676784.

27. A line drawn from the West CM Bandstand, Ramsgate, at TR37126415 to Shingle End at TR35066062.

28. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Rother between the beacons at TQ94951822 and TQ94881818.

29. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Cuckmere from Cliff End at TV52159747 to the old coastguard station at TV51379763.

30. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the breakwater and the east pier at the outer entrance to Newhaven harbour.

31. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the entrance to Shoreham harbour.

32. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the jetties at Littlehampton.

33. A line drawn between the ends of the spits at the entrance to Pagham harbour.

34. A line drawn across the entrance to Chichester harbour from the Spit at SZ76489845 to Eastoke Point at SZ75029808.

35. Lines drawn—

(a) from Eastoke Point at SZ75029808 to the landward end

of the lifeboat house jetty at Bembridge, Isle of Wight; and

(b) from the westernmost point of the Isle of Wight to the lighthouse at the seaward end of Hurst Castle Spit on the mainland at SZ31838987.

36. A line drawn from Highcliffe Castle at SZ20279318 to Hengistbury Head at SZ18079056.

37. A line dawn across the entrance to Poole harbour from the end of the ferry ramp at Sandbanks to the tip of South Haven Point

38. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the entrance to Weymouth harbour.

39. Lines drawn across the North Ship Channel, East Ship Channel and South Ship Channel at Portland harbour between the ends of the breakwaters.

40. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the entrance to Bridport harbour.

636 Ch. 54 Clean Rivers ( and 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Tttfo/ W'toer.y) 1960

41. The mouth of the river Axe (Devon).

42. The mouth of the river Otter.

43. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Exe from Orcombe Point at SY02067951 to the seaward end of the breakwater at Langstone Rock.

44. A line drawn from the landward end of Teignmouth Pier to the Ness at SX94077196.

45. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Dart from Inner Froward Point at SX90204956 to Combe Point at SX88314865.

46. A line drawn across the entrance to Salcombe harbour from Gammon Head at SX76603550 to Bolt Head at SX72583595.

47. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Avon (Devon) from SX65054415 to Long Stone at SX66024320.

48. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Erme from Feraycombe Point at SX61414646 to SX60504681.

49. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Yealm from Mouthstone Point at SX52604753 to Season Point at SX52744787.

50. A line drawn across the entrance to Plymouth Sound from Renney Point at SX49254875 to Penlee Point at SX44304871.

51. The mouth of the river Seaton.

52. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Looe from SX25875321 to SX25755282.

53. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Fowey from SX12215093 to St. Catherine’s Point at SX11885093.

54. A line drawn across the entrance to Carrick Roads from the tip of St. Anthony Head to the tip of Pennance Point.

55. A line drawn across the entrance to the Helford river from Rosemullion Head at SW79742781 to Nare Point at SW80052515.

56. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Hayle from Carrack Gladden at SW53493886 to Black Cliff at SW55453886.

57. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Gannel from the tip of Pentire Point West to the tip of Pentire Point East.

58. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Camel from the tip of Stepper Point to Pentire Point at SW92318044.

59. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Strat from Compass Point at SSI9900637 to Wrangle Point at SS20120726.

60. A line drawn across the entrance to the rivers Taw and Torridge from SS41432851 to SS43143836.

61. A line drawn from ST21434634 west of the mouth of the river Parrett to Howe Rock, thence to the tip of Sand Point north of Weston-super-Mare, and thence to Ladye Point near Clevedon at ST40857297.

62. A line drawn across the Severn Estuary from the Black Nore lighthouse at Portishead in Somerset to the tip of Lavernock Point in Glamorgan.

1960

Clean Rivers (Estuaries and

Tidal Waters) , 1960

Ch. 54

637

63. The mouth of the river Thaw.

64. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Ogmore from SS86077562 to SS86007603.

65. A line drawn from Sker Point at SS78697973 to the lighthouse on Mumbles Head.

66. A line drawn across the eastern end of Carmarthen Bay from Minor Point at SS40939316 to Ginst Point.

67. A line drawn across the entrance to Milford Haven from Castles Bay at SM84380177 to St. Ann’s Head at SM80880281.

68. A line drawn across the entrance to Solfach harbour from SM80162355 to SM79992365.

69. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Gwaun from Saddle Point at SM95793775 to Castle Point at SM96143785.

70. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Nefem from Cat Rock at SN04123997 to SN05374078.

71. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Teifi from Cemaes Head at SN13175013 to SN16145123.

72. The mouth of the river Aeron.

73. A line drawn from the seaward end of the pier at Aberystwyth at SN57798084 to SN57838162.

74. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Dovey from SN60399400 to SN59559622.

75. The mouth of the river Dysynni.

76. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Mawddach from SH61011427 to SH60791600.

77. The mouth of the river Artro.

78. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Glaslyn from SH56793200 to SH52083738.

79. The mouth of the river Dwyfor.

80. A line drawn from the landward end of the jetty at the entrance of Pwllheli harbour at SH38933465 to SH38413500.

81. Lines drawn across the south-western and north-eastern ends respectively of the Menai Strait from SH43036000 to SH42006209 and from SH70077624 to the lighthouse cottages ai SH64128122.

82. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Cefni from the lighthouse on Llanddwyn Island to the tip of Pen-y-parc.

83. Lines drawn across the southern and northern ends respectively of the channel between Holy Island and the island of Anglesey from SH29577509 to SH30007517 and from SH27048189 to SH29348222.

84. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Conway from Penmaen-bach Point at SH74677856 to Trwynygogarth on Great Ormes Head at SH75098339.

85. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Clwyd from SH99458102 to SJ00228127.

Ch. 54, 55 Clean Rivers (,and 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Tidal Waters) , 1960

86. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Dee from the disused lighthouse at Point of Aire to Hilbre Point at SJ20318846.

87. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Mersey from the landward end of the pier at New Brighton to SJ32259699.

88. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Alt from SD29570180 to SD29000386.

89. A line drawn from the seaward side of Marine Drive where it is crossed by Southport Pier at SD33021787 to the landward end of St. Anne’s pier at Lytham St. Annes.

90. Lines drawn—

(a) from Rossall Point at SD31094757 to Hilpsford Point on the Isle of Walney at SD20866200; and

(b) from Shope Tree Scar on the Isle of Walney at SD16687252 to Haverigg Point at SD14007790.

91. A line drawn across the entrance to the river Esk from SD07449400 to Drigg Point at SD07229511.

92. A line drawn across the entrance to the rivers Calder and Ehen from NY02320259 to NY01910347.

93. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the pier and jetty at the outer entrance to Workington harbour.

94. A line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the outer entrance to Maryport harbour.

95. A line drawn across the Solway Firth from the landward end of the pier at Silloth in Cumberland to Southemess Point in Kirkcudbrightshire.

CHAPTER 55

Nigeria Independence , 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Provision for the fully responsible status of Nigeria.

2. Consequential modifications of British Nationality Acts.

3. Consequential modification of other enactments.

4. Modification of Overseas Service Act, 1958.

5. Short title and interpretation.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Legislative powers in Nigeria.

Second Schedule.—Amendments not affecting law of Nigeria.

An Act to make provision for, and in connection with, the attainment by Nigeria of fully responsible status within the Commonwealth.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with die advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1960

Nigeria Independence , 1960

Ch. 55

639

1. —-(1) On the first day of October, nineteen hundred and Provision for sixty (in this Act referred to as " the appointed day "), the Colony th® fully and the Protectorate as respectively defined by the Nigeria (Constitution) Orders in Council, 1954 to 1960, shall together Nigeria, constitute part of Her Majesty’s dominions under the name of Nigeria.

(2) No Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed on or after the appointed day shall extend, or be deemed to extend, to Nigeria or any part thereof as part of the law thereof, and as from that day—

(a) Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom shall have no responsibility for the government of Nigeria or any part thereof; and

(b) the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to legislative powers in Nigeria.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (2) of this section, nothing in subsection (1) thereof shall affect the operation in Nigeria or any part thereof on and after the appointed day of any enactment, or any other instrument having the effect of law, passed or made with respect thereto before that day.

2. —(1) As from the appointed day, the British Nationality consequential

Acts, 1948 and 1958, shall have effect as if— modifications

(a) in subsection (3) of section one of the said Act of 1948 Nationality

(which provides for persons to be British subjects or Acts. Commonwealth citizens by virtue of citizenship of certain countries) the word "and" in the last place where it occurs were omitted, and at the end there were added the words " and Nigeria

(b) in the First Schedule to the British Protectorates, Protected States and Protected Persons Order in Council,

1949, the words " Nigeria Protectorate " were omitted:

Provided that a person who immediately before the appointed day is for the purposes of the said Acts and Order in Council a British protected person by virtue of his connection with the Nigeria Protectorate shall not cease to be such a British protected person for any of those purposes by reason of anything contained in the foregoing provisions of this Act, but shall so cease upon his becoming a citizen of Nigeria under the law thereof.

(2) Subject to the subsequent provisions of this section, any person who immediately before the appointed day is a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies shall on that day cease to be such a citizen if—

(a) under the law of Nigeria he becomes on that day a citizen of Nigeria; and

640

Ch. 55

Nigeria Independence Act, 1960 8 & 9 Etiz. 2

(b) he, his father or his father’s father was bom in any of

the territories comprised in Nigeria.

(3) Subject to subsection (8) of this section, a person shall not cease to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies under the last foregoing subsection if he, his father or his father’s father—

(a) was bom in the United Kingdom or in a colony; or

(b) is or was a person naturalised in the United Kingdom

and Colonies; or

(c) was registered as a citizen of the United Kingdom and

Colonies; or

() became a British subject by reason of the annexation of

any territory included in a colony.

(4) A person shall not cease to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies under subsection (2) of this section if he was bom in a protectorate, protected state or United Kingdom trust territory, or if his father or his father’s father was so bom and is or at any time was a British subject.

(5) A woman who is the wife of a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies shall not cease to be such a citizen under subsection (2) of this section unless her husband does so.

(6) Subsection (2) of section six of the British Nationality Act, 1948 (which provides for the registration as a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies of a woman who has been married to such a citizen) shall not apply to a woman by virtue of her marriage to a person who ceases to be such a citizen under subsection (2) of this section, or who would have done so if living on the appointed day.

(7) Subject to the next following subsection, the reference in paragraph (Z>) of subsection (3) of this section to a person naturalised in the United Kingdom and Colonies shall include a person who would, if living immediately before the commencement of the British Nationality Act, 1948, have become a person naturalised in the United Kingdom and Colonies by virtue of subsection (6) of section thirty-two of that Act (which relates to persons given local naturalisation before that commencement in a colony or protectorate).

(8) Any reference in subsection (3) or (4) of this section to a territory of any of the following descriptions, that is to say, a colony, protectorate, protected state or United Kingdom trust territory, shall, subject to the next following subsection, be construed as a reference to a territory which is of that description on the appointed day; and the said subsection (3) shall not apply

1960

Nigeria Independence , 1960

Ch. 55

641

to a person by virtue of any certificate of naturalisation granted or registration effected by the governor or government of a territory outside the United Kingdom which is not on that day of one of those descriptions.

(9) The protectorates of Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland shall be excepted from the operation of any reference in subsection (4) or (8) of this section to a protectorate.

(10) Part in of the British Nationality Act, 1948 (which contains supplemental provisions) shall have effect for the purposes of subsections (2) to (9) of this section as if those subsections were included in that Act.

3.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Interpretation Act, Consequential 1889, the expression " colony " in any Act of the Parliament of modification the United Kingdom passed on or after the appointed day shallof otlher not include Nigeria or any part thereof. enactments.

(2) As from the appointed day—

(a) the expression " colony " in the Army Act, 1955, the Air Force Act, 1955, and the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, shall not include Nigeria or any part thereof; and

(b) in the definitions of " Commonwealth force " in subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-five and subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-three respectively of the said Acts of 1955, and in the definition of "Commonwealth countiy" in subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-five of the said Act of 1957—

(i) the word "or " (being, in the said Acts of 1955, that word in the last place where it occurs in those definitions) shall be omitted; and

(ii) at the end there shall be added the words " or Nigeria *\

(3) Any Order in Council made on or after the appointed day under either of the said Acts of 1955 providing for that Act to continue in force beyond the date on which it would otherwise expire shall not operate to continue that Act in force beyond that date as part of the law of Nigeria or any part thereof.

(4) As from the appointed day, the provisions specified in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively specified in that Schedule, and Her Majesty may by Order in Council, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parlia-

x

642

Ch. 55

Nigeria Independence Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Modification of Overseas Service Act, 1958.

Short title and interpretation.

ment, make such further adaptations in any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed before this Act, or in any instrument having effect under any such Act, as appear to Her necessary in consequence of section one of this Act; and any Order in Council made under this subsection may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council so made and, though made after the appointed day, may be made so as to have effect from that day:

Provided that this subsection shall not extend to Nigeria or any part thereof as part of the law thereof.

4. -—(1) In relation to any person who at the date of the passing of this Act is serving in the naval forces of the Federation of Nigeria established by section three of the Nigeria (Constitution) Order in Council, 1954, the Overseas Service Act, 1958 (which authorises the Secretary of State to appoint officers to be available for civilian employment in the public service of an overseas territory in accordance with arrangements made by the Secretary of State with the government of that territory and to make provision as to superannuation in respect of officers so appointed) shall have effect as if service in those forces and service on or after the appointed day in the naval forces of Nigeria were civilian employment in the public service of that Federation or, as the case may be, of Nigeria.

(2) In relation to any person who, having served in the naval forces of the said Federation in accordance with arrangements made by the Secretary of State with the government of that Federation, has by reason of death or retirement ceased so to serve before the date of the passing of this Act, subsection (2) of section four of the said Act of 1958 (which authorises the Secretary of State to pay pensions to or in respect of persons who have served as officers to whom that Act applies) shall have effect as if that person were a person who has served as such an officer and as if those arrangements were such arrangements as are mentioned in subsection (1) of section one of that Act.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Nigeria Independence Act, 1960.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment are references to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment.

1960

Nigeria Independence , 1960

Ch. 55

643

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Legislative Powers in Nigeria

1. The Colonial Laws Validity Act, 1865, shall not apply to any law made on or after the appointed day by any legislature established for Nigeria or any part thereof.

2. No law and no provision of any law made on or after the appointed day by any such legislature as aforesaid shall be void or inoperative on the ground that it is repugnant to the law of England, or to the provisions of any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, including this Act, or to any order, rule or regulation made under any such Act, and, subject to paragraph 6 of this Schedule, the powers of any such legislature shall include the power to repeal or amend any such Act, order, rule or regulation in so far as it is part of the law of Nigeria or any part thereof and in so far as it relates to matters within the legislative powers of that legislator?.

3. Any such legislature as aforesaid shall have full power to make laws having extra-territorial operation, so far as those laws relate to matters within the legislative powers of that legislature.

4. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, sections seven hundred and thirty-five and seven hundred and thirty-six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall be construed as though reference therein to the legislature of a British possession did not include reference to any such legislature as aforesaid.

5. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, section four of the Colonial Courts of Admiralty Act, 1890 (which requires certain laws to be reserved for the signification of Her Majesty’s pleasure or to contain a suspending clause) and so much of section seven of that Act as requires the approval of Her Majesty in Council to any rules of court for regulating the practice and procedure of a Colonial Court of Admiralty shall cease to have effect in Nigeria.

6. Nothing in this Act shall confer on any such legislature as aforesaid any power to repeal, amend or modify the constitutional provisions otherwise than in such manner as may be provided for in those provisions.

In this paragraph, the expression " the constitutional provisions " means this Act, any Order in Council made before the appointed day which revokes the Nigeria (Constitution) Orders in Council, 1954 to 1960, and any law, or instrument made under a law, of any such legislature as aforesaid made on or after that day which amends, modifies, re-enacts with or without amendment or modification, or makes different provision in lieu of, any of the provisions of this Act, that Order in Council or any such law or instrument previously made.

Section 1.

644

Ch. 55

Nigeria Independence Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section 3.

SECOND SCHEDULE Amendments not affecting Law of Nigeria

Diplomatic immunities

1. In section four hundred and sixty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to exemption from income tax in the case of certain Commonwealth representatives and their staffs)—

(a) in subsection (2), the word "or " (in the last place where it occurs before the words " for any state ") shall be omitted, and immediately before the words " for any state *' there shall be inserted the words " or Nigeria

(b) in subsection (3), immediately before the words " and * Agent-General * " there shall be inserted the words " or for Nigeria

2. In subsection (6) of section one of the Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act, 1952, immediately before the word "and " in the last place where it occurs there shall be inserted the word "Nigeria

Financial

3. In section two of the Import Duties Act, 1958, in subsection (4), after the words " New Zealand " there shall be inserted the word "Nigeria *\

4. In the Colonial Stock Act, 1934 (which extends the stocks which may be treated as trustee securities), the expression " Dominion " shall include Nigeria; and, during any period falling on or after the appointed day during which there is in force as part of the law of Nigeria any instrument passed or made before that day which makes provision corresponding to the undertaking required to be given by the Government of a Dominion under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of that Act, paragraphs (a) and of the said subsection (1) shall be deemed to have been complied with in the case of Nigeria.

Visiting forces

5. In the Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933, section four (which deals with attachment and mutual powers of command) and the definition of "visiting force " for the purposes of that Act which is contained in section eight thereof shall apply in relation to forces raised in Nigeria as they apply in relation to forces raised in Dominions within the meaning of the Statute of Westminster, 1931.

6. In the Visiting Forces Act, 1952—

(a) in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one (which specifies

the countries to which that Act applies) the word "or " in the first place where it occurs shall be omitted, and at the end there shall be added the words " Nigeria or *;

(b) in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section ten the expression

" colony " shall not include Nigeria or any part thereof;

and, until express provision with respect to Nigeria is made by an Order in Council under section eight of that Act (which relates to the

1960

Nigeria Independence , 1960

Ch. 55

645

application to visiting forces of law relating to home forces), any such 2nd Sch. Order for the time being in force shall be deemed to apply to visiting forces of Nigeria.

Ships and aircraft

7. In subsection (2) of section four hundred and twenty-seven of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, as substituted by section two of the Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949, the word "or " (in the last place where it occurs before the words * or in any *’) shall be omitted, and immediately before the words " or in any " there shall be inserted the words " or Nigeria

8. In the proviso to subsection (2) of section six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1948, the word "or " in the last place where it occurs shall be omitted and at the end there shall be added the words " or Nigeria ".

9. In the definition of "excepted ship or aircraft " in paragraph 3 of the Third Schedule to the Emergency Laws (Repeal) Act, 1959, the word "or " (in the last place where it occurs before the words * or in any ") shall be omitted, and immediately before the words " or in any " there shall be inserted the words " or Nigeria

10. The Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1939, shall not apply to any ship by reason only of its being registered in, or licensed under the law of, Nigeria or any part thereof; and the penal provisions of that Act shall not apply to persons in Nigeria (but without prejudice to the operation with respect to any ship to which that Act does apply of the provisions thereof relating to the forfeiture of ships).

11. In the Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act, 1934, the expression " British ship to which this Act applies " shall not include a British ship registered in Nigeria.

Copyright

12. The references in section thirty-one of the Copyright Act, 1956, to a colony shall not include Nigeria or any part thereof.

13. If the Copyright Act, 1911, so far as in force in the law of Nigeria or any part thereof is repealed or amended by that law at a time when sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 39 of the Seventh Schedule to the Copyright Act, 1956 (which applies certain provisions of that Act in relation to countries to which the said Act of 1911 extended) is in force in relation to Nigeria or that part thereof, the said sub-paragraph (2) shall thereupon cease to have effect in relation thereto.

Divorce jurisdiction

14. In subsection (2) of section two of the Indian and Colonial Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926 (which enables section one of that Act to be extended to certain countries, but not to any of the countries named in the said subsection (2)), the word "and " shall be omitted in all places where it occurs except the first such place and except in the expression " Rhodesia and Nyasaland ", and at the end there shall be added the words " and Nigeria ".

646

Ch. 55

Nigeria Independence Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch.

Commonwealth Institute

15. In subsection (2) of section eight of the Imperial Institute Act, 1925, as amended by the Commonwealth Institute Act, 1958 (which relates to the power to vary the provisions of the said Act of 1925 if an agreement for the purpose is made with the governments of certain territories which for the time being are contributing towards the expenses of the Commonwealth Institute) the word "and * shall be omitted and at the end there shall be added the words " and Nigeria *\

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Colonial Laws Validity Act, 1865

Interpretation Act, 1889

Colonial Courts of Admiralty Act, 1890

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

Copyright Act, 1911

Imperial Institute Act, 1925

Indian and Colonial Divorce Jurisdiction Act,

28 & 29 Vict. c. 63.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 27.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 46.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. xvii.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 40.

1926.

Statute of Westminster, 1931

Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933.

Colonial Stock Act, 1934

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act, 1934 Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1939.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1948

British Nationality Act, 1948

Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 4.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 6.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 47.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 49.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 70.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 44.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 56.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 43.

Income Tax Act, 1952

Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act, 1952. Visiting Forces Act, 1952

Army Act, 1955

Air Force Act, 1955

Copyright Act, 1956

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

Import Duties Act, 1958

Overseas Service Act, 1958

Commonwealth Institute Act, 1958

Emergency Laws (Repeal) Act, 1959

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz.

2. c. 10.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz.

2. c. 18.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz.

2. c. 67.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 74.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 6.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 14.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

1960 Statute Law Revision Ch. 56 647

Act, 1960

CHAPTER 56

An Act to revise the statute law by repealing obsolete, spent or unnecessary enactments.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Repeal of Schedule to this Act (which to the extent specified in the third obsolete, column of that Schedule are obsolete, spent or unnecessary) are s^nt or hereby repealed to that extent. eSS^ltZ

(2) The repeal by this section of sections nine and ten of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1871, shall not affect the operation of subsection (2) of section six of the Railway Companies (Accounts and Returns) Act, 1911 (which exempts from the obligations imposed by that Act railway companies which, by virtue of special Acts, are exempted from the operation of the said sections nine and ten).

2. In its application to Northern Ireland this Act shall, as Saving for respects matters within the powers of the Parliament of Northern powers of Ireland, be subject to alteration by that Parliament as if it had Parliament of been an Act passed before the day appointed for the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920.

3. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision Act, Short title. 1960.

648

Ch. 56

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed Road and Rail Transport Enactments

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 & 8 Vict c. 85.

8 & 9 Vict c. 20.

The Railway Regulation Act, 1844.

The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

Sections two to ten and twelve.

Sections twenty-five to twenty-nine.

Sections sixty-three and sixty-

21 & 22 Vict c. 75.

four.

The Cheap Trains and The whole Act Canal Carriers Act,

1858.

27 & 28 Vict c. 120.

The Railway Companies* Powers Act, 1864.

The whole Act

27 & 28 Vict c. 121.

The Railways Construction Facilities Act 1864.

The whole Act

31 & 32 Vict c. 119.

34 & 35 Vict

36°* *37 Vict, c. 48.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1868.

The Regulation of Railways Act 1871.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1873.

36 & 37 Vict c. 76.

41 & 42 Vict, c. 20.

51 & 52 Vict c. 25.

56 & 57 Vict c. 29.

59 & 60 Vict c. 48.

The Railway Regulation Act (Returns of Signal Arrangements, Workings, &c.), 1873.

The Railway Returns (Continuous Brakes) Act 1878.

The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

The Railway Regulation Act 1893.

The Light Railways Act 1896.

Section thirty-eight

Sections nine and ten.

Schedule One.

In section six, the words " or of section sixteen of the Regulation of Railways Act 1868 ". Sections fifteen and sixteen. Section four and the Schedules.

The whole Act

Sections thirty-two and forty-two.

The whole Act

In section eleven, paragraph (j).

In the Second Schedule, the

entries relating to the Railway Regulation (Gauge) Act, 1846, the Regulation of Railways Act 1871, and the Railway Returns (Continuous Brakes) Act 1878, in the entry relating to the

Railway Regulation Act 1842, the words "four, five, six", in the entry relating to the

Regulation of Railways Act 1868, the word 44 twenty *, and in the entry relating to the

Railway Regulation Act (Returns of Signal Arrangements, Workings, Ac.), 1873, the words 44 four and ".

1960

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1960

Ch. 56

649

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 34.

The Railway Companies (Accounts and Returns) Act, 1911.

Section five.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 50.

The Ministry of Trans- Sections eight, nine, ten and port Act, 1919. fourteen.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 55.

23 & 24 Geo. 5.

c. 14.

The Railways Act, 1921.

The London Passenger Transport Act, 1933.

Sections one, two and four.

In section seven, subsection (4).

Sections eight and fifteen.

The Second Schedule.

In section five, in subsection (2), the words " (subject to the provisions of section eighty-two of this Act)".

Sections six to fourteen.

In section sixteen, in subsection (1), the words " after the appointed day", and subsections (3) to(6).

In section seventeen, subsection (1), in subsection (2), the words " after the appointed day ", and subsection (5).

In section twenty, in subsection

(1) , the words " Subject to the provisions of this section ", and subsection (2).

In section twenty-five, subsections

(2) and (3).

Sections thirty-two to thirty-five.

Partin.

In section seventy-three, subsection (5), in subsection (7) the words from the beginning to " diminished, or ", and subsections (8), (10) and (12).

In section seventy-four the words "and (12)".

In section eighty-one, in subsection (1), paragraphs (a) to ( ) and the words from " nor shall " onwards, and subsection (2).

Sections eighty-two to eighty-four.

In section eighty-five, subsection (1), and in paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (2) the words " or section eighty-two *\

Section eighty-seven.

Sections ninety and ninety-one.

Sections ninety-four to ninety-six.

Section ninety-nine.

Sch.

X*

650

Ch. 56

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCH.

Session and

* Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

23 &24 Geo. 5. The London Passenger c. 14—cont. Transport Act, 1933

—cont.

In section one hundred and seven, in subsection (2), the words from the beginning to "this Act, and " and the words from " and the expressions " to the end, and in subsection (4) the words " eighty-two, eighty-three ", and the words " and eighty-seven In the Third Schedule, Parts I

and II.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Transport Act, c. 49. 1947.

The Fourth, Sixth, Eighth and Fifteenth Schedules.

Sections twenty to twenty-four. Sections twenty-six and twenty-

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. The Transport Act, c. 13. 1953.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 56.

The Transport (Disposal of Road Haulage Property) Act, 1956.

seven.

Sections twenty-nine to thirty-two.

In section ninety-four, in subsection (6), the words " nine and ten of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1871, sections thirty-two and ".

In the Eleventh Schedule, in Part n, paragraph 5.

In section seven, subsections (1) to

(4).

Section eight.

Sections twelve and thirteen.

In section eight, subsections (1) to (3), and, in subsection (4), the words from " and (b) any sums " to the end.

Post Office Enactments

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

31 & 32 Vict, c. 110.

32 & 33 Vict, c. 73.

The Telegraph Act, 1868.

The Telegraph Act, 1869.

Sections four, five, seven and fourteen.

In section seven, the words from "which he shall " to "Tele-

41 & 42 Vict, c. 76.

1 & 2 Geo. 6.

c. 57.

3 & 4 Geo. 6.

The Telegraph Act, 1878.

The Imperial Telegraphs Act, 1938.

The Post Office and

graph Act, 1868 ".

Section twenty-one.

In section twelve, the words from " Any notice " to " made by the Postmaster General ".

In section one, subsections (2) to

(5).

Sections two and five.

c. 25.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 39.

Telegraph Act, 1940. The Commonwealth Telegraphs Act, 1949.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 36.

The Post Office Act, 1953.

In section six, subsection (2).

In section nine, the words from the beginning to "operating company, and ".

Sections thirty and sixty-seven.

1960

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1960

Miscellaneous Enactments

Ch. 56

651

SCH.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

30 Geo. 3. c. 48 36 Geo. 3. c. 85 48 Geo. 3.

c. 127.

54 Geo. 3.

c. 145.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 75.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 50.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 43.

11 & 12 Vict, c. 91.

20 & 21 Vict, c. 34.

10 All Geo.6. c. 46.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 17.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2.

The Treason Act, 1790 The Mills Act, 1796 ... The Marriages Confirmation Act, 1808.

The Corruption of Blood Act, 1814.

The Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1827.

The Customs (Repeal) Act, 1833.

The Justices* Qualification (Scilly Islands) Act, 1834.

The Poor Law Audit Act, 1848.

The New Brunswick Boundary Act, 1857.

The Wellington Museum Act, 1947.

The American Aid and European Payments (Financial Provisions) Act, 1949.

The British Industries

Section four.

The whole Act.

Sections two and four.

The whole Act.

In section one, the words from " and also " (where first occurring) to " herein-after directed ", the words from "for putting into " to " and also " (where last occurring), the words "herein-after mentioned" and the words from "(that is to say) " to the end.

Section two.

The whole Act.

The whole Act

Section eleven.

The whole Act.

In section eight, subsection (2). The whole Act

The whole Act.

c. 26.

7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

Fair (Guarantees and Grants) Act, 1954. The Town and Country Planning Act 1959.

In section one, subsection (3).

In section three, subsection (6).

In section seven, in subsection (1) the words " or, in Scotland, of a valuator under section fifty-six

of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 ", and the words "or valuator", in subsection (2), the words "or valuator", subsections (3) and (4), in subsection (5) the words " or subsection (3) ", and subsection (6).

In section eight subsection (4).

In section nine, in subsection (2), paragraph 5 of the Table, in subsection (7), the words from " or (in a case " onwards, and subsection (9).

X. 2

652

Ch. 56

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

SCH.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 53 —

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1959— cont.

In section eleven, subsection (2). In section twelve, subsection (4). In section fourteen, subsection (7).

In section sixteen, subsection (5). In section seventeen, subsection

(5) .

In section eighteen, subsection (9). In section nineteen, subsection (7). In section twenty, subsection (5). In section twenty-two, in subsection (4), the words " in relation to England and Wales " and the words " and, in relation to Scotland, means a body of any of the descriptions specified in Part II of that Schedule " and the words " or servitude ", and subsection (5).

In section twenty-three, subsection (5).

In section twenty-four, subsection (4).

Section twenty-five.

In section twenty-six, subsection (7).

In section twenty-seven, subsection (7).

In section twenty-eight, subsection (9).

In section twenty-nine, subsection

(2).

In section thirty, in subsection (6), the words " in their application to England and Wales In section thirty-one, subsection

(12).

In section thirty-two, subsection

(6) .

In section thirty-five, subsection

(6).

In section thirty-six, subsection

(7).

In section thirty-seven, subsection

(9).

In section thirty-eight, subsection

(4).

In section thirty-nine, subsection

(7) .

In section forty-three, subsection

(8) .

In section forty-four, subsection

(6).

In section forty-five, subsection (3).

In section forty-six, subsection (4). Section forty-seven.

1960

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1960

Ch. 56

653

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 53—cont.

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1959— cont.

In section forty-eight, subsection

(2).

In section forty-nine, subsection (4).

Section fifty.

In section fifty-one, subsection (5).

In section fifty-two, subsection (7).

In section fifty-three, subsection (3).

In section fifty-four, the words " or the Scottish Act of 1954, as the case may be

In section fifty-five, subsection (6).

In section fifty-seven, in subsection (1), in the definition of "compulsory acquisition ", the words " in relation to England and Wales* and the words

"and, in relation to Scotland, have the same meanings as in the Scottish Act of 1954*, in the definition of "disposal "the words " excambion * and " servitude * and the words " or the creation of a heritable security ’*, in the definition of "grant-aided function * the words " or the Local Government and Miscellaneous

Financial Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1958 * and the words "or any of the enactments specified in Part I of the Sixth Schedule to the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950*, in the definition of "the Minister*, the words " in relation to England and Wales* and the words " and in relation to

Scotland means the Secretary of State *, in the definition of "planning decision *, the words "in relation to England and Wales ’’ and the words from " and, in relation to Scotland *, to the end, in the definition of "planning permission the words " in relation to England and Wales* and the words "and, in relation to Scotland, means permission under Part II of the Scottish Act of 1947’*, the definitions of " the Scottish Act of 1947 ’* and " the Scottish Act of 1954 * and, in the definition of "tenancy*, the words " in relation to England

Sch.

654

Ch. 56

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

SCH.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Town and Country c. 53—cont. Planning Act, 1959—

cont.

and Wales ", in subsection (3), in paragraph (a), the words " in relation to England and Wales ", and paragraph (6); in subsection (4), the words " in relation to England and Wales " and the words from " and in relation" to the end; in subsection (5), the words " and subsections (2) and (3) of section one hundred and eight of the Scottish Act of 1947 ", the word "respectively ", and the words " and to the Third Schedule to the Scottish Act of 1947"; in

subsection (6), the words from

" and in this subsection " to the

end; and subsection (7).

In section fifty-eight, in subsection (2), the words " and of section seventeen of the Scottish Act of 1947", the words "or section seventeen ", the words

or the Scottish Act of 1954 " and the words " or the Scottish Act of 1947 "; in subsection (3), the words "and section fifty-five of the Scottish Act of 1954"; and subsection (7).

In section fifty-nine, in subsection (1), the words from " and the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Acts" to the end.

In the First Schedule, paragraphs 5 and 10.

In the Second Schedule, in Part I, paragraph 8, and Part Q.

In the Third Schedule, paragraphs 12 and 13.

In the Fourth Schedule, Part n.

In the Fifth Schedule, in paragraph 13, in sub-paragraph (2), the words " In the application of those subsections to England and Wales ", and sub-paragraph (3), and paragraph 17.

In the Sixth Schedule, paragraphs 5 and 12 to 17.

In the Seventh Schedule, the entries relating to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, and the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1954.

The Tenth Schedule.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 58.

The Finance Act, 1959

In the Second Schedule, para-graphs 1 and 2

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

655

CHAPTER 57

Films Ac, 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Provisions for securing the showing of British Films

Section

1. Obligation of exhibitors to show British films.

2. Disregard of certain films for quota purposes.

3. Meaning of exhibition as first feature film, and computation of total

showing time.

4. Exemptions and reliefs.

5. Exhibition under licence extending to more than one cinema.

6. Fulfilment of quota in extended period.

7. Determination of quotas of British films.

Part n Registration of Films General provisions

8. Prohibition of distribution or exhibition of unregistered films.

9. Applications for registration of films.

10. Registration of serial films.

11. The register of films.

12. Registration of alternative particulars.

13. Amendment of register.

14. Correction of register.

15. Reference of disputes to High Court or Court of Session.

16. Evidence of registration.

Registration of films as British films or foreign films

17. Determination of question whether film to be registered as British or

foreign.

18. Right of applicant for registration to require disregard of portions of

film.

19. Films made in accordance with international agreements.

Registration of British films as quota films

20. Registration of British films as quota films.

21. Meaning of labour costs.

22. Determination of requisite amount of labour costs.

23. Power of Board of Trade to direct alteration of labour costs.

Part III

Renters and Exhibitors

24. Prohibition of unlicensed distribution or exhibition of registered films.

25. Renter's licences and exhibitor's licences.

26. Scope of exhibitor's licence.

27. Circuit cinemas.

28. Prohibition of use of unregistered title and restriction on variation of

length.

29. Prohibition of showing of films obtained from unlicensed renters.

30. Record books to be kept by renters and exhibitors.

31. Returns to be made by exhibitors.

32. Information to be given to exhibitors with respect to registration of

films.

656

Ch. 57

Films Act 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Obligation of exhibitors to show British films.

Part IV

Restrictions on Blind Booking and Advance Booking

Section

33. Restriction on blind booking.

34. Restriction on advance booking.

35. Invalidation of agreements involving blind booking or advance booking.

36. Duty of renter to give information to Board of Trade.

37. Penalty for contravention of Part IV.

Part V General and Supplemental

38. Films to which Act applies.

39. Newsreels.

40. Rentals of registered films.

41. The Cinematograph Films Council.

42. Wages and conditions of employment of persons employed in film

industry.

43. Power to vary figures in respect of labour costs.

44. Regulations of Board of Trade.

45. Penalties for quota offences.

46. Penalties for failure to give information or making false statements.

47. Offences by corporations.

48. Institution of proceedings and service of process.

49. Exercise of powers of Board of Trade.

50. Interpretation.

51. Repeal, amendment of enactments, transitional provisions, and savings.

52. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Constitution of the Cinematograph Films Council. Second Schedule—Maximum fees.

Third Schedule—Amendment of enactments.

Fourth Schedule—Transitional provisions.

An Act to consolidate the Cinematograph Films Acts, 1938 to 1960.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Provisions for securing the showing of British Films

1.—(1) British films shall be included, to the extent required by the following provisions of this section but subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act, among the registered films exhibited by an exhibitor while this section is in force.

(2) On at least the prescribed percentage of the number of days in any year on which films registered as long films are exhibited by an exhibitor at any cinema the film exhibited by him at that cinema as the first feature film shall be a film registered as a quota film.

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

657

(3) To the extent at least of the prescribed percentage of their total showing time the films exhibited by an exhibitor at a cinema in any year which are either—

(a) films registered as short films; or

(b) films registered as long films but exhibited by him at

that cinema otherwise than as first feature films;

shall be films registered as quota films.

(4) If an exhibitor fails to comply with any of the requirements of this section, he shall be guilty of a quota offence unless the Board of Trade, after consulting the Cinematograph Films Council, certify that his failure was due to circumstances beyond his control, or he proves that fact to the satisfaction of the court.

(5) For the purposes of this section, an exhibitor’s failure to comply with any requirement of this section shall be deemed to have been due to circumstances beyond his control if, owing to the character of the films available or to the excessive cost of such films, it was not commercially practicable to comply with that requirement

(6) This section shall continue in force until the end of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-seven and shall then expire.

2. —(1) For the purposes of section one of this Act, there shall be left out of account any film registered as a British film which is not registered as a quota film.

(2) For the purposes of section one of this Act a film which was first registered as a British film more than forty-eight months before the beginning of any year shall be left out of account in relation to that year unless, upon an application made not later than the end of that year by a renter having the right to distribute the film, the Board of Trade otherwise direct.

- (3) Before giving a direction under this section the Board of Trade shall consult the Cinematograph Films Council.

3. —(1) A film shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be exhibited as the first feature film at a cinema on any day—

(a) if it is the only long film exhibited at that cinema during

the normal hours in the ordinary programme on that day; or

(b) if the daily rental of the film exceeds that of any other long film so exhibited; or

(c) (where the daily rental of the film is equal to that of another long film so exhibited and is not less than that of any other such long film) if it is the last long film so exhibited.

Disregard of certain films for quota purposes.

Meaning of exhibition as first feature film, and computation of total showing time.

658

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

Exemptions and reliefs.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, the total rental payable by an exhibitor in respect of the exhibition of a film at any cinema during any period (whether ascertained by reference to receipts or otherwise) shall be divided by the number of days in that period on which the film is so exhibited, and the sum so arrived at shall be deemed to be the daily rental of the film.

(3) In computing for the purposes of subsection (3) of section one of this Act the total showing time of the films of any class exhibited at any cinema in any year the registered playing time of each film of that class shall be multiplied by the number of occasions on which it is so exhibited (otherwise than as the first feature film) during the normal hours in the ordinary programme.

(4) A film registered as a British film shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be exhibited at any cinema during the normal hours in the ordinary programme on any day unless the whole of that film is exhibited there on that day at least once between the hours of five and ten p.m. or such other hours as the Board of Trade may on the application of the exhibitor direct.

4.—(1) Where films are exhibited at a cinema in any locality (in this subsection referred to as the local cinema) and the Board of Trade are satisfied—

(a) that films are exhibited, in competition with the local

cinema, at not less than two other cinemas in the same locality; or

(b) that films are exhibited, in competition with the local

cinema, at another cinema in the same locality and that films are not normally exhibited at the local cinema for a continuous period of more than three days, not counting Sundays; and

(c) in either case, that owing to circumstances beyond the

control of the exhibitor who exhibits films at the local cinema films registered as British films are exhibited at those other cinemas or that other cinema on dates earlier than the dates on which he is able to exhibit the same films at the local cinema, the Board may, if they think fit, direct that in relation to the exhibition of films at the local cinema the prescribed percentage for the purposes of subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section one of this Act shall be reduced, in the case of such year or years as may be specified in the direction, to such percentage as may be so specified.

(2) Before giving a direction under subsection (1) of this section, the Board shall consult the Cinematograph Films Council.

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

659

(3) Where the Board of Trade are satisfied that the average Part I net box office receipts of a cinema during the period of twelve months ending six months before the beginning of any year did

not exceed one hundred and twenty-five pounds per week the Board shall direct that the foregoing provisions of this Act shall not apply to the exhibition of films at that cinema during that year.

(4) The Board of Trade, after consulting the Cinematograph Films Council, may by order made by statutory instrument direct that subsection (3) of this section shall have effect as if such other amount as may be specified in the order were substituted therein for one hundred and twenty-five pounds; but a statutory instrument containing such an order shall have no effect unless approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(5) The reference in subsection (3) of this section to the net box office receipts of a cinema shall be construed as a reference to the receipts horn the sale of seats at all performances at which registered films are exhibited, after deduction of so much of the levy imposed under section two of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1957, as is attributable to those receipts.

(6) An order under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder.

5. For the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Act Exhibition (including subsection (3) of section four) all registered films under licence exhibited under the authority of a licence extending to the ^ than^ne exhibition of films at more than one cinema shall be deemed cinema

to be exhibited at one cinema at which no other registered films are exhibited.

6. —(1) Where a film registered as a foreign film is to be Fulfilment of exhibited at a cinema, and before it is exhibited there an appli- quota." cation for a direction under this section is made to the Board

of Trade by the exhibitor who exhibits films at that cinema, the Board may, if they think fit, direct that, if the film is exhibited at that cinema and the period during which it is so exhibited is or includes such a continuous period exceeding eight weeks as is specified in the direction, die requirements imposed by section one of this Act shall be deemed to be complied with in relation to that cinema in the relevant year, if they are so complied with in that year and the succeeding year taken together.

(2) The relevant year for the purposes of this section is the year in which the film is exhibited as aforesaid or, if it is so exhibited in more than one year, that one of them which the exhibitor elects.

(3) Before giving a direction under this section the Board of Trade shall consult the Cinematograph Films Council.

660

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1

Determination of quotas of British films.

Prohibition of distribution or exhibition of unregistered films.

7.—(1) The proscribed percentages for purposes of subsection (2) and subsection (3) of section one of this Act shall, unless varied by an order under this section, be those prescribed for the purposes respectively of subsection (2) and subsection

(3) of section one of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1948.

(2) The Board of Trade may from time to time by order made by statutory instrument vaiy either or both of those percentages in respect of years beginning not earlier than six months after the date on which the order is made.

(3) Before making an order under this section the Board shall consult the Cinematograph Films Council.

(4) A statutory instrument containing an order under this section shall be of no effect unless it is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Part H Registration of Films General provisions

8.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, no person shall, while section one of this Act is in force,—

(a) deliver to an exhibitor a film to which this Act applies,

unless, at the time of the delivery, the film is a registered film; or

(b) exhibit at a cinema a film to which this Act applies

and which he knows, or ought to have known, not to be a registered film.

(2) This section does not restrict—

(a) the delivery or exhibition, in pursuance of a valid agreement for its exhibition at one cinema only on a number of consecutive days, of a film in respect of which an application for registration has been made, if the film is trade-shown within six weeks from the date on which the application was made; or

(b) the delivery or exhibition, in pursuance of valid agreements for its exhibition on not more than three days and at not more than three cinemas, of a film which, at the time of the delivery or exhibition, has not been trade-shown.

(3) If any person delivers a film in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds; and if any person exhibits a film in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for every day on which he does so.

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

661

9. —(1) Upon application duly made to them, not later than Part n the expiry of section one of this Act, for the registration of a Applications film to which this Act applies, the Board of Trade shall, subject for registration to subsection (7) of this section, register the film in a register offilnis-kept by them for the purpose.

(2) An application under this section must be made either by the maker of the film or by a renter who has acquired it for distribution, and must be accompanied by the prescribed fee.

(3) Subject to subsections (4) and (5) of this section and section ten of this Act, no application for the registration of a film shall be entertained unless the film has been trade-shown within the fourteen days immediately preceding the date on which the application is made.

(4) If an application for the registration of a film is made before the film has been trade-shown, but the film is trade-shown within six weeks after the date on which the application is made, the application shall thereupon be treated as if it had been made within fourteen days after the film was trade-shown.

(5) Where an application for the registration of a film is made more than fourteen days after the film was trade-shown, the application may be entertained by the Board of Trade if they are satisfied that the delay was due to special circumstances and was not intentional.

(6) The applicant for the registration of a film, and if the applicant is not the maker of the film, the maker, shall produce to the Board of Trade such books and other documents relating to the film, and furnish to the Board such other information with respect thereto, as the Board may require for the proper discharge of their functions under this Part of this Act in relation to that film; and any information furnished for the purposes of this subsection shall, if the Board of Trade so direct, be accompanied by a statutory declaration as to the truth thereof made by the person furnishing the information.

(7) An application for the registration of a film shall not be granted unless there has been furnished to the Board of Trade a statutory declaration made by the applicant to the effect that there has not been made, in relation to that film, any such agreement as is declared invalid in any respect by Part IV of this Act.

10. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, an applica- Registration of tion for the registration of any part of a serial film or series serial films.

of films may be entertained if three parts of the film or series have been trade-shown.

(2) The Board of Trade, after consulting the Cinematograph Films Council, may by order made by statutory instrument

662

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 E2

Part II

The register of films.

Registration of alternative particulars.

direct that subsection (1) of this section shall not apply in relation to any application made while the order is in force; and any order under this subsection may be revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder.

(3) If an order is made under subsection (2) of this section, any provision contained in Part IV of this Act which qualifies, in relation to any serial film or series of films, a restriction imposed by that Part of this Act shall qualify that restriction in relation only to such parts (if any) of a serial film or series of films as are not the subject of applications for registration made while the order is in force.

11.—(1) The register shall be so kept that each film registered therein is registered as a British film or as a foreign film and that films registered as British films are registered as quota films in accordance with section twenty of this Act; and shall record the title and playing time of each film registered therein and such other particulars (if any) with respect to the film as may be prescribed for the purpose of identification.

(2) On the registration of a film the Board of Trade shall issue to the person on whose application the film is registered a certificate of registration specifying all the particulars which, at the time of the issue of the certificate, are recorded in the register with respect to that film.

(3) The register shall, at all reasonable times, be open to inspection by any person at the offices of the Board of Trade, on payment of the prescribed fee, and any person inspecting the register may take copies of any entries therein.

(4) The Board of Trade shall, on demand made in that behalf by any person and on payment of the prescribed fee, furnish him with a copy of the entry in the register relating to any particular film, certified as a true copy by the officer of the Board of Trade having the custody of the register.

(5) The Board of Trade shall, as soon as may be after the end of each week, publish in the Board of Trade Journal a list of films registered in that week and a list of films the registration of which was amended in that week.

12. More than one title, playing time, or such other particulars (if any) as may be prescribed may be recorded as alternatives in the register with respect to one film, whether in pursuance of an application for its registration or in pursuance of an application under section thirteen of this Act; and where more than one playing time or, if it is so provided by the regulations prescribing another particular, more than one

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

663

such other particular is so recorded, the register shall distinguish the alternatives as belonging to different versions of the film, and each of those versions shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a separate film, except that the addition of a new version by an amendment of the register shall not be treated as the first registration of a film.

13.—(1) Where a registered film is to have a title, playing time or other particulars differing from those recorded in the register the Board of Trade shall, on application duly made to them not later than the expiry of section one of this Act, amend the register accordingly and issue to the applicant, in substitution for any certificate of registration previously issued in respect of the film, a certificate of registration specifying the particulars of the film as recorded in the register after the amendment.

(2) An application under this section must be made by the person entitled to distribute or authorise the distribution of the film and must be accompanied by the prescribed fee.

14.—(1) If, at any time after the registration of a film, the Board of Trade, upon making any such inquiries as they think desirable, are satisfied that the film either ought not to be registered or is incorrectly registered in any particular, they shall cause the necessary deletion or correction to be made in the register and, if the Board think proper, issue to the maker of the film or, if the film has been acquired by a renter for distribution, issue to the renter, a certificate of registration to take the place of any such certificate previously issued in respect of the film.

(2) If in any particular case the Board of Trade think fit to do so, they may direct that for the purposes of Part I of this Act the film shall, to such extent as may be specified in the direction, be treated as if the deletion or correction in the register had not been made.

15.—(1) Any person who is aggrieved by any decision taken by the Board of Trade for the purpose of the performance of their duties in relation to the register, may, subject to rules of court, apply to the High Court and the decision of that Court shall be final and conclusive.

(2) In relation to any person whose principal place of business is in Scotland, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as if for the reference therein to the High Court there were substituted a reference to the Court of Session.

Part n

Amendment of register

Correction oi register.

Reference of disputes to High Court or Court of Session.

664

Ch. 57

Films Act; 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 11 Evidence of registration.

Determination of question whether film to be registered as British or foreign.

16. The registration of a film may be proved by the production of—

(a) a copy of the Board of Trade Journal containing a notification of the registration of the film; or

(b) the certificate of registration issued, or, as the case may be, last issued in respect of the film; or

(c) a copy of the entry in the register relating to the film,

certified to be true by the officer having custody of the register;

and a document purporting to be such a certificate of registration or certified copy shall be evidence of the matters stated in the document, without proof of the signature or authority of the person signing it

Registration of films as British films or foreign films

17. —(1) The question whether a film is to be registered as a British film or as a foreign film shall, subject to sections eighteen, nineteen and thirty-nine of this Act, be determined as follows, that is to say, a film shall be registered as a British film if either—

(a) it is made by or on behalf of a department of Her

Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom, or by or on behalf of any Commonwealth Government or of the Government of the Republic of Ireland; or

(b) all the requirements specified in subsection (2) of this

section are satisfied with respect to it; and shall in any other case be registered as a foreign film; except that a long film shall be registered as a foreign film and not as a British film unless the requirement of subsection (5) of this section is also satisfied with respect to it

(2) The requirements referred to in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section are—

(a) that the maker of the film was, throughout the time

during which the film was being made, either a British subject or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland or a company to which this paragraph applies; and

(b) that the studio, if any, used in making the film was in a

Commonwealth country or the Republic of Ireland; and

(c) that not less than the requisite amount of labour costs

represents payments paid or payable in respect of the labour or services of British subjects or citizens of the Republic of Ireland or persons ordinarily resident in a Commonwealth country or the Republic of Ireland

(3) Paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section applies to a company if, and only if,—

(a) it is incorporated under the laws of any Commonwealth country or of the Republic of Ireland; and

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

665

(b) its directors, or the majority of its directors, are British Part n subjects or citizens of the Republic of Ireland.

(4) For the purpose of determining whether the requirements of subsection (2) of this section are satisfied with respect to any film, any other film used for making photographs depicted as part of any scene in the firsbmentioned film shall be treated as part of that film.

(5) The requirement referred to in subsection (1) of this section in relation to a long film is that the name and address of the studio used in making the film or, if none was used, the name and address of the maker of the film, are included at the beginning or at the end of the film so as to be displayed, when the film is exhibited, for not less than ten seconds in letters clearly legible to the audience.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (5) of this section, where the name of a place (with or without other particulars) is included as mentioned therein but not the name of the country in which that place is, the inclusion shall not be deemed to be the inclusion of an address.

18. —(1) If, upon application for the registration of a film as Right of

a British film, the applicant requests the Board of Trade to do applicant for so, the Board shall, for the purpose of determining whether the registration film is to be registered as a British film, treat the film as if such portions thereof as may be designated by the applicant did not portions of form part of it; and the portions so designated shall also be film, treated as not forming part of the film in determining its playing time for the purpose of registration.

(2) The playing time of the portions so designated must not exceed—

(a) ten per cent, of the total playing time of the film; nor

(b) twenty per cent, of so much of the film as consists of

photographs of studio scenes.

19. —(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide for Films made

treating films which are made in accordance with the terms of m accordance any agreement between Her Majesty’s Government in the United r‘

Kingdom and any other government or any international agreements, organisation or authority, but with respect to which the requirements of this Part of this Act as to the registration of a film as

a British film are not fulfilled, as if they were films with respect to which those requirements are fulfilled.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

666

Ch. 57

Films Aciy 1960

8 & 9 Fjiz. 2

Part II

Registration of British films as quota films.

Meaning of labour costs.

Registration of British films as quota films

20. —(1) Except as provided by the following provisions of this section, every film registered as a British film shall also be registered as a quota film.

(2) A film whose total labour costs are less than fifty pounds per^ minute of playing time shall not be registered as a quota

(3) Where parts of a film are derived, as regards the photographs comprised therein, from—

(a) a registered film; or

(b) any film (whether a standard film or not) the maker of which was not the maker of the first-mentioned film;

and the playing time of those parts exceeds ten per cent, of the playing time of the whole film, the film shall not be registered as a quota film except on the recommendation of the Cinematograph Films Council.

21. —(1) For the purposes of this Act, the labour costs of a film shall be taken to be, subject to section twenty-three of this Act, the total amount of the payments paid or payable in respect of the labour or services of persons directly engaged in the making of the film, in so far as those payments are attributable to the making of that film, but shall not be taken to include payments in respect of copyright.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section—

(a) the author of the scenario of a film shall be deemed

to be a person directly engaged in the making of the film;

(b) a person shall not be taken to be directly engaged in

the making of a film by reason only—

(i) that he is financially interested in the making of the film or is engaged in a clerical capacity as a servant of an undertaking concerned with the making of the film; or

(ii) that he supplies goods used in the making of the film or is in the employment of a person who supplies such goods;

(c) payments paid or payable to a person who is engaged

in an administrative capacity as an officer or servant of an undertaking concerned with the making of a film shall not be taken to be attributable to the making of the film except in so far as they are payments in respect of services directly concerned with the making of that film.

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

667

22.—(1) For the purposes of paragraph (c) of subsection (2) Part n

of section seventeen of this Act. the requisite amount of the Determination

labour costs of a film shall be taken to be. subject to sub- of requisite

section (3) of this section.— amount of

labour costs.

(a) if the film is a major film, whichever of the two amounts specified in subsection (2) of this section is the less; and

(b) if the film is a minor film, the amount specified in paragraph (a) of that subsection;

and for the purposes of this subsection a film whose total labour costs amount to not less than thirty-three thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds and whose total labour costs divided by the number of minutes comprised in the playing time of the film amount to not less than four hundred and five pounds shall be deemed to be a major film, and any other film a minor film.

(2) The amounts referred to in subsection (1) of this section arc—

(a) the amount arrived at by applying the fraction three-

quarters to the total labour costs of the film, after deducting therefrom, if the applicant for registration so desires, the amount of any payment which, as part of those costs, has been paid or is payable in respect of the labour or services of any one person who was, while engaged in the making of the film, neither a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland nor a person ordinarily resident in a Commonwealth country or the Republic of Ireland; and

(b) the amount arrived at by applying the fraction four-

fifths to the total labour costs of the film, after deducting therefrom the amount of any payments which, as part of those costs, have been paid or are payable in respect of the labour or services of any two persons neither of whom was, while engaged in the making of the film, a British subject or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland or a person ordinarily resident as aforesaid, and at least one of whom was so engaged in the capacity of an actor or actress.

(3) If, upon an application for the registration as a British film of a film with respect to which the requirement specified in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section seventeen of this Act is not fulfilled, the Board of Trade are satisfied that the maker of the film took all reasonable steps to fulfil that requirement, and that its non-fulfilment was due to exceptional circumstances beyond his control, the Board, if they think fit, may direct that subsection (2) of this section shall have effect in relation to that film as if for the words " three-quarters " there were substituted the words " seven-tenths ", and for the words " four-fifths " the words " three-quarters ".

668

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eijz. 2

Part D

Power of Board of Trade to direct alteration of labour costs.

Prohibition of unlicensed distribution or exhibition of registered films.

23. Where it is material, in connection with an application for the registration of a film, to ascertain the labour costs of the film or the proportion of those costs which represents payments in respect of the labour or services of persons of any particular class, then—

(a) if it appears to the Board of Trade that any sum which,

as part of those costs, is paid or payable in respect of the labour or services of any particular person is so great as not to be a bona fide payment by way of remuneration for the said labour or services, the Board may direct that that sum or pan thereof shall be disregarded in ascertaining the said labour costs or the said proportion thereof, as the case may be; and

(b) if it appears to the Board of Trade that no sum or a

sum so small as not bona fide to represent all the remuneration therefor is paid or payable as part of those costs in respect of the labour or services of any particular person, the Board may direct that such sum, or as the case may be, such greater sum, as may be specified in the direction shall be treated as so paid or payable.

Part III

Renters and Exhibitors

24.—(1) No person shall, at any time while section one of this Act is in force, carry on the business of distributing registered films, unless—

(a) there is in force a licence authorising him to carry

on business as a renter, or

(b) an application for a licence authorising him to carry

on business as a renter at that time has been duly made, and the determination of the application is still pending;

and if any person carries on business in contravention of this subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for every day on which he does so.

(2) No exhibitor shall, at any time while section one of this Act is in force, exhibit a registered film at a cinema, unless—

(a) there is in force a licence authorising him to carry on business as an exhibitor at that cinema; or

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

669

(b) an application for a licence authorising him to carry on business as an exhibitor at that cinema and at that time has been duly made, and the determination of the application is still pending;

and if any exhibitor exhibits a film at any cinema in contravention of this subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds for every day on which he does so.

25. —(1) On an application duly made to them by any person for a licence authorising him to carry on business as a renter or for a licence authorising him to carry on business as an exhibitor, and on payment of the prescribed fee, the Board of Trade shall, subject to subsection (3) of this section and section twenty-seven of this Act, grant him the licence unless he is disqualified for holding it.

(2) A person shall be disqualified for holding a licence under this section unless he has a place of business in Great Britain.

(3) The Board of Trade may refuse to grant a licence under this section unless the applicant therefor has furnished to them such information, verified in such manner, as they may reasonably require for the purpose of satisfying themselves that he is not disqualified by virtue of subsection (2) of this section or of an order under section forty-five of this Act for holding the licence applied for.

(4) A licence authorising a person to carry on business as a renter shall be granted in respect of a year and a licence authorising a person to carry on business as an exhibitor shall be granted either in respect of a year or in respect of a quarterly period.

(5) Any licence under this section shall take effect on such day, not being earlier than the beginning of the period in respect of which it is granted, as may be specified in the licence, and shall continue in force until the end of that period; except that if the holder of the licence becomes disqualified for holding it it shall forthwith cease to have effect

(6) Where the holder of a licence under this section changes the address of his place of business in Great Britain or ceases to have a place of business in Great Britain he shall as soon as practicable notify the Board of Trade of the change or, as the case may be, of the fact that he has ceased to have such a place of business.

26. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, a licence authorising a person to carry on business as an exhibitor shall extend only to the exhibition of registered films at one cinema specified in the licence.

Part in

Renter's licences and exhibitor's licences.

Sco pe of

exhibitor's

licence.

﻿670

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part in

Circuit

cinemas.

(2) A licence authorising a person to carry on business as an exhibitor, other than a licence granted in respect of a quarterly period, may be granted so as to extend to the exhibition of registered films at more than one cinema, but if so granted shall not authorise the holder to exhibit regikered films at any one cinema on more than six days in the year in respect of which it is granted or to exhibit registered films at more than one cinema at the same time.

27.—(1) Where it appears to the Board of Trade, on an application for a licence authorising the exhibition of registered films at a cinema, that that cinema is controlled by a person who controls more than two hundred cinemas, the Board may refuse to grant the licence unless it is shown to their satisfaction, by such information, verified in such manner, as they may reasonably require for the purpose,—

(a) that the cinema was controlled by that person on the

first day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-seven; and

(b) that any arrangements in force for securing that the

films exhibited at that cinema are the same as those exhibited at other cinemas controlled by that person were also in force on that day;

and the licence, if granted, shall be subject to the conditions mentioned in subsection (2) of this section.

(2) The conditions shall be such as appear to the Board of Trade to be necessary for securing that die person authorised by the licence to exhibit films at that cinema will, if so required by the Board, exhibit at that cinema as first feature films, on such occasions as the Board may direct during the period in respect of which the licence is granted, not more than six (or if the licence is granted in respect of a quarterly period, not more than two) films registered as British films and recommended by a Selection Committee, to be appointed by the Board for the purpose, as being suitable for such exhibition by reason of their entertainment value.

(3) If any such condition is not complied with the exhibitor shall be guilty of a quota offence unless the Board, after consulting the Cinematograph Films Council, certify that the failure to comply with it was due to circumstances beyond the control of the exhibitor and of any person other than the exhibitor having control of the cinema, or the exhibitor proves that fact to the satisfaction of the court

(4) For the purposes of this section,—

(a) a cinema shall be deemed to be controlled by any person who has the right to exhibit films there or the right to control or direct the exhibition of films there

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

671

(whether by making contracts with renters or other- Part in wise), and any right vested in a company shall be treated for the purposes of this paragraph as vested also in any company of which that company is a subsidiary, or which is a subsidiary of that company, within the meaning of the Companies Act, 1948; and

(b) a failure to exhibit a film in accordance with a condition imposed in pursuance of this section shall be deemed to have been due to circumstances beyond the control of any person if he was not able to acquire the right to exhibit that film on reasonable terms.

28.—(1) A renter shall not, while section one of this Act is Prohibition

in force, deliver to an exhibitor a registered film of which— of use.of .

unregistered

(a) the title is not the registered title or, as the case may title and

be, one of the registered titles; or restriction

(b) the playing time differs from the registered playing time 0?,va™ttion

by more than one-tenth. of length'

(2) If any renter delivers a film in contravention of this section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

29.—(1) An exhibitor shall not, at any time while section one Prohibition of of this Act is in force, exhibit at a cinema any film to which this showing of Act applies, unless— obtained

(a) he has acquired the right to do so from a person who, unlicensed at the time of the acquisition, was lawfully carrying on renters, business as a renter; or

(b) the exhibitor is himself lawfully carrying on business as a renter and has acquired the film for distribution.

(2) If any person exhibits a film in contravention of this section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for every day on which he does so.

30.—(1) Any renter who, while section one of this Act is in Record books force, delivers a registered film shall keep records of— to he kept by

(a) the particulars specified in subsection (3) of this section;

and

(b) the cinemas for exhibition at which he delivers the film to exhibitors and the dates on which, or periods for which, the film is to be, or has been, exhibited at those cinemas; and

(c) if the film is a long film, the rental paid or payable in

respect of the exhibition of the film at each of those cinemas;

and shall, whenever requested to do so by a person authorised in that behalf by the Board of Trade, produce those reoords for his inspection.

672

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part ni

Returns to be made by exhibitors.

(2) Any exhibitor who, while section one of this Act is in force, exhibits a registered film at a cinema shall as soon as practicable record in a book kept by him for the purpose in respect of that cinema—

(a) the particulars specified in subsection (3) of this section; and

(b) the dates on which the film was exhibited at that cinema and, for each of those dates, the number of times the film was exhibited and the hours at which the exhibition of films at that cinema began and ended;

and any exhibitor who, while section one of this Act is in force, exhibits at a cinema films registered as long films shall also keep records of the rental paid or payable in respect of each of those films.

(3) The particulars referred to in subsections (1) and (2) of this section are—

(a) the title and registered playing time of the film; and

(b) whether the film is registered as a British film or as a foreign film and, if as a British film, whether as a quota film; and

(c) such other particulars with respect to the film as may be presented for the purpose of identification.

(4) An exhibitor who does not exhibit registered films at any one cinema on more than six days in any year nor at more than one cinema at the same time, need keep only one book in that year in respect of all the cinemas at which he exhibits registered films.

(5) Any book which an exhibitor is required by subsection (2) of this section to keep in relation to a particular cinema shall, so long as he continues to carry on the business of exhibiting registered films at that cinema, be kept by him at that cinema and be open to inspection there, at all reasonable times, by any person authorised in that behalf by the Board of Trade; and, subject to the preceding provisions of this subsection, an exhibitor who is required to keep a book or records under this section shall, whenever requested to do so by a person authorised in that behalf by the Board of Trade, produce the book or records for inspection by that person.

(6) If any person fails to comply with any of the requirements of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

31.—(1) Every person who, in any year ending before the expiry of section one of this Act, has carried on business as an exhibitor at a cinema shall make a return to the Board of Trade

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

673

stating whether or not he has in that year exhibited at a cinema part in a film which is a registered film, and, if so,—

(a) specifying the dates in that year on which any registered

film was exhibited by him at that cinema, and, for each of those dates, the number of times the film was so exhibited; and

(b) giving such (if any) other particulars relating to the film and considered by the Board necessary for the purposes of this Act as may be prescribed;

and the return shall include a statement showing, for each day in the year on which films were exhibited at that cinema, the times at which the exhibition began and ended.

(2) The return shall be made within one month after the end of the year, except that if the exhibitor ceases at any time during the year to carry on the business of exhibiting registered films at any particular cinema, he shall make the return with respect to that cinema within one month after that time.

(3) In relation to a cinema at which films are exhibited under the authority of a licence granted in respect of a quarterly period, the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as if references to that period were substituted for the references to a year.

(4) A return required by this section shall be deemed not to have been made in compliance with this section unless it is accompanied by a statutory declaration, made by the person required to make the return, of the truth of the particulars contained in the return.

(5) Every person by whom a return has been made in pursuance of this section shall produce to the Board of Trade such books and other documents and furnish to them such other information by way of explanation of the return as the Board may require for the purposes of this Act

(6) For the purposes of any proceedings which may be taken by virtue of this section the fact that a person has been the holder of an exhibitor’s licence shall be evidence that he has, in the period in respect of which the licence was granted, carried on business as an exhibitor at a cinema.

32.—(1) A renter who, while section one of this Act is in Information force, delivers a registered film to an exhibitor shall, in such to be given to manner and at such time as may be prescribed, notify to the exhibitors

(a) the title and registered playing time of the film; film&

(b) whether the film is registered as a British film or as a foreign film and, if as a British film, whether as a quota film; and

Y

674

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part m

Restriction on blind booking.

(c) such other particulars for the time being recorded in the register with respect to the film as may be prescribed;

and if any renter fails to comply with the provisions of this subsection he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) Where a title, playing time or other particular of any film has been recorded in the register in addition to or in substitution for another, no renter shall, while section one of this Act is in force, procure the giving by an exhibitor (whether for a consideration or not, and whether orally or in writing) of an undertaking which, if legally binding, would impose on the exhibitor an obligation, either actual or contingent, to take delivery of the film, unless the renter has supplied to the exhibitor a statement in writing setting out all the titles, playing times, and other particulars which have ever been so recorded in respect of the film; and if any renter procures an undertaking in contravention of this subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

Part IV

Restrictions on Blind Booking and Advance Booking

33.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, no renter shall, while section one of this Act is in force, procure the giving by an exhibitor (whether for a consideration or not, and whether orally or in writing) of an undertaking which, if legally binding, would impose on the exhibitor an obligation, either actual or contingent, to take delivery of a film to which this Act applies and which has not been trade-shown at the time of his giving the undertaking.

(2) This section does not restrict—

(a) the making, at a time when three parts of a serial film

or series of films have been trade-shown, of an agreement for the exhibition of any part of the film or series; or

(b) the making of an agreement for the exhibition of a

film at one cinema only and on a number of consecutive days, unless the agreement is one of several relevant agreements which, taken together, provide for the exhibition of the film at more than one cinema or otherwise than on consecutive days; or

(c) the making of agreements for the exhibition of a film

on not more than three days and at not more than three cinemas, unless the agreements are among several relevant agreements which, taken together, provide for

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1960

Ch. 57

675

the exhibition of the film on more than three days or Part IV at more than three cinemas.

(3) In this section " relevant agreement ", in relation to a film, means an agreement made before the film is trade-shown, except that in relation to a part of a serial film or series of films it means an agreement made before three parts of that film or series are trade^hown.

34. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, no renter Restriction on shall, while section one of this Act is in force, procure the J^nce giving by an exhibitor (whether for a consideration or not, and booking* whether orally or in writing) of an undertaking which, if legally

binding, would impose on the exhibitor an obligation, either actual or contingent, to take delivery of a film to which this Act applies for exhibition at a date later than six months after the giving of the undertaking.

(2) This section does not restrict the making of an agreement providing for any part of a serial film or series of films to be exhibited after three parts of the film or series have been exhibited.

35. Any agreement (whether made in Great Britain or else- invalidation of

where) shall be invalid— agreements

(a) if made at any time while section one of this Act is in blind^oking

force, in so faras it purports to impose on an exhibitor or advance an obligation, either actual or contingent, to take booking, delivery of a film to which this Act applies and which has not been trade-shown at the time of the making of the agreement; or

(b) if made more than six months before the expiry of section one of this Act, in so far as it purports to impose on an exhibitor an obligation, either actual or contingent, to take delivery of a film to which this Act applies for exhibition at a date later than six months after the making of the agreement;

unless the agreement is one the making of which is not restricted by section thirty-three or section thirty-four of this Act.

36. A renter shall, whenever requested to do so by a person Duty of renter authorised in that behalf by the Board of Trade, produce to to give

him such books or other documents, and furnish to him such information to other information, with respect to any film to which this Act of applies and which has been or is to be delivered by the renter to an exhibitor, as the Board may require for the purpose of the enforcement of Part I, this Part or section forty of this Act.

37. If any renter contravenes any provision of this Part of Penalty for

this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not contravention exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds. of I. rv*

676

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 &9 Euz.2

Films to which Act applies.

Newsreels.

Part V General and Supplemental

38.—) This Act applies to all films which are standard films, except—

(a) subject to section thirty-nine of this Act, films consisting wholly or mainly of photographs which, at the time when they were taken, were means of communicating news; and

(b) films made wholly or mainly for the purpose of commercial advertisement.

(2) The Board of Trade may, after consulting the Cinematograph Films Council, make regulations applying the provisions of this Act to films other than standard films, subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be specified in the regulations.

(3) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be of no effect unless they are approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament

(4) In this section—

" film " includes any record, however made, of a sequence of visual images, which is a record capable of being used as a means of showing that sequence as a moving picture; and

" standard film " means a film of a width of thirty-five millimetres which is designed to be exhibited by projection from one reel at a time.

39.—(1) Where the requirement specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section seventeen of this Act and the further requirements specified in subsection (2) of this section are satisfied with respect to a film consisting wholly or mainly of photographs which, at the time when they were taken, were means of communicating news,—

(a) the Board of Trade shall, upon application duly made to them not later than the expiry of section one of this Act, register the film as a British film and (notwithstanding anything in section twenty of this Act) as a quota film; and

(b) where the film is so registered, this Act shall apply to it, but subject to the following provisions of this section.

A film which is eligible for registration by virtue of this section or has been so registered is in the following provisions of this section referred to as a newsreel.

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

677

(2) The further requirements referred to in subsection (1) of tins section are—

(a) that the film was edited in the United Kingdom and

its commentary was written and recorded there; and

(b) that each of the persons who edited the film or spoke

the commentary was a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland.

(3) Section nine of this Act shall apply in relation to a newsreel with the omission of subsections (3), (4), (5) and (7); but no application for the registration of a newsreel shall be entertained unless it is accompanied—

(a) by a statutory declaration that the newsreel is one of

a sequence of which not less than one a week is made and delivered to exhibitors; and

(b) by an undertaking that not less than three-quarters of

all the photographs together comprised in the newsreels of that sequence registered during the quarterly period in which die application is made will have been taken in the United Kingdom or any other Commonwealth country or the Republic of Ireland; and where an application for the registration of a newsreel is made more than five days after the newsreel is first delivered to an exhibitor, it shall not be entertained unless the Board of Trade are satisfied that the delay was due to special circumstances and was not intentional.

(4) Where at the end of a quarterly period the undertakings given in that period under paragraph lb) of subsection (3) of this section in respect of the newsreels of any sequence have not been fulfilled, the Board of Trade shall cancel the registration of all newsreels of that sequence which were registered during that period and shall publish the cancellation in the Board of Trade Journal; and the cancellation shall have effect as from the date of publication.

(5) Where a newsreel has been registered it shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have been registered on the date on which it was first delivered to an exhibitor; but where a renter has delivered a newsreel to an exhibitor before the date on which it is registered he shall be deemed to have complied with the requirements of section thirty-two of this Act if, and only if, he has notified him, at such time and in such manner as may be prescribed, of such particulars of the newsreel as may be prescribed and of his intention to apply for its registration.

(6) If a renter has notified an exhibitor of his intention to apply for the registration of a film as a newsreel and either the film is not eligible for registration by virtue of this section or he does not apply for its registration within the time within which the application can be entertained under subsection (3)

Part V

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

678

Part V

Rentals of registered

films.

The Cinema* tograph Films Council.

Wages and conditions of employment of persons employed in film industry.

Ch. 57

of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds.

(7) Sections thirty-three to thirty-five of this Act shall not apply in relation to registered newsreels.

40. —(1) A separate rental shall be charged for each registered film delivered by a renter to an exhibitor for exhibition while section one of this Act is in force; but this section shall not be taken as rendering unlawful an agreement for the delivery of two or more films at an inclusive rental if the proportion of the rental to be attributed to each film is defined on or before the delivery.

(2) If a renter delivers a film of which the rental is charged in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

41. —(1) There shall be a council, to be called "The Cinematograph Films Council ", which shall be constituted in accordance with the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) The functions of the Council shall be—

(a) to keep under review the progress of the film industry

in Great Britain, with particular reference to the development of that branch of the industry which is engaged in the making of films, and to report thereon to the Board of Trade at such times as the Council thinks fit; and

(b) to advise the Board in any matter relating to the film

industry in which the advice of the Council is sought by the Board (whether at the request of any person appearing to the Board to have a substantial interest in the matter or otherwise); and

(c) to make to the Board, as soon as may be after the end

of each year, a report of the proceedings of the Council during that year.

(3) As soon as may be after receiving any report made to them under paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of this section the Board of Trade shall lay copies of the report before Parliament

(4) The Board of Trade shall furnish to the Council such information as the Council may reasonably require for the proper discharge of its functions.

(5) In this section " year " means a period of twelve months ending with the thirty-first day of March.

42. —(1) The wages paid by any person carrying on in Great Britain the business of making, renting or exhibiting films to which this Act applies to persons employed by him in connection with the making, renting or exhibition of any films at any place where that business is carried on, and the conditions of employment of persons so employed, shall, unless agreed upon by the employer or any organisation representative of persons

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

679

carrying on the business of making, renting or exhibiting films, as the case may be, and by organisations representative of the persons employed, be not less favourable to the person employed than the wages which would be payable, and the conditions which would have to be observed, under a contract which complied with the requirements of any resolution of the House of Commons for the time being in force applicable to contracts of Government departments; and if any dispute arises as to what wages ought to be paid, or what conditions ought to be observed, in accordance with this section, it shall, if not otherwise disposed of, be referred by the Minister of Labour to the industrial court for settlement.

(2) Where any award has been made by the industrial court upon a dispute referred to it under this section, then, as from the date of the award or from such other date, not being earlier than the date on which the dispute -to which the award relates first arose, as the court may direct, it shall be an implied term of the contract between die employer and workers to whom the award applies that the rate of wages to be paid, or the conditions of employment to be observed, under the contract shall, until varied in accordance with the provisions of this section, be in accordance with the award.

43. —(1) The Board of Trade, after consulting the Cinematograph Films Council, may lay before Parliament the draft of an order substituting for any sum specified in subsection (2) of section twenty or subsection (1) of section twenty-two of this Act such other sum as may be specified in die order, and any such order may specify different sums in relation to long films and short films respectively; and if each House of Parliament resolves that the order be made, the Board shall by statutory instrument make the order in the terms of the draft, and the order shall come into operation on such date as may be specified therein.

(2) The power conferred by subsection (1) of this section to lay a draft before Parliament and to make an order shall be construed as including a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like condition, to lay in draft before Parliament and to make an order varying or revoking an order having effect by virtue of that subsection.

44. —(1) The Board of Trade may by statutory instrument make regulations prescribing—

(a) the form of applications for the registration of films, for

amendments of the register, or for licences under this Act;

(b) the particulars and evidence necessary for satisfying the

Board 'that a film ought to be registered as a British film or as a quota film;

Part V

Power to vary figures in respect of labour costs.

Regulations of Board of Trade.

680

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

part v (c) the form of the returns to be made, and the record

books to be kept, under tins Act;

() anything (other than the percentages mentioned in section one) which by this Act is required or authorised to be prescribed,

and also regulations providing that any statutory declaration which is required by this Act to be made by any person shall be deemed to be properly made if it is made on his behalf by any such person as may be specified in the regulations.

(2) Regulations prescribing the payment of fees shall be of no effect unless made with the consent of the Treasury.

(3) Any regulations prescribing the amount of any fees shall be so framed as to secure, as nearly as may be, that the aggregate amount produced by those fees will be equal to the amount of the expenses incidental to the carrying out of this Act; but the amounts of the fees payable on applications for the registration of films, for amendments of the register, or for licences shall not exceed those specified in the Second Schedule to this Act.

Penalties for 45.—(1) Any person guilty of a quota offence shall be liable,

quota offences, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds or, on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds.

(2) Where a person convicted on indictment of a quota offence has been previously convicted (whether summarily or on indictment) of a quota offence not less than twice, the court, in addition to imposing a fine in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, may revoke any exhibitor’s licence held by him in respect of the cinema in relation to which the offence was committed, and may order that—

(a) the offender,

(b) any person who was at the time of the offence, or has since been, financially associated with the offender in this business as an exhibitor, or

(c) any person concerned in the management of the

offender’s business as an exhibitor who was knowingly a party to the offence; shall, for such period as may be specified in the order, be disqualified for holding an exhibitor’s licence in respect of that cinema, and may also order that every person in whose case an exhibitor’s licence has been revoked during the year immediately preceding the date of the conviction, shall, for such period as may be specified in the order, be so disqualified.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, or the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954, summary proceedings for a quota offence may be instituted at any time within two years after the end of the period in relation to which the offence was committed.

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

681

46. —(1) If any person fails to comply with any provision of Part V

this Act by which he is required to make any return, furnish Penalties for any information, or produce any book or other document to failure to give the Board of Trade, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, information to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day during which ^j^akin8 the default continues. statements.

(2) If any person, in making any return or furnishing any information for the purposes of this Act, or in recording any particulars in pursuance of tins Act, knowingly or recklessly makes a statement false in a material particular, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or both.

47. Where a body corporate is guilty of an offence under Offences by this Act and it is proved that the offence occurred with the corporations, consent or connivance of, or was attributable to any neglect

on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of the body, he, as well as the body corporate, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

and service of process.

48.—(1) Proceedings for an offence under this Act shall Institution of not, in England, be instituted otherwise than by the Board proceedinip of Trade.

(2) Any process to be served on any person for the purposes of this Act shall, if that person is out of Great Britain but has a place of business in Great Britain, be deemed to be duly served if it is addressed to that person and left at, or sent by post to, that place of business.

49. Anything required or authorised by or under this Act Exercise of to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, g°w®Js of to or before the President of the Board of Trade, any Minister of of State with duties concerning the affairs of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary, or assistant secretary of the Board,

or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

50. —(1) In this Act,— Interpretation. " British trust territory " means a territory administered by

the Government of any part of Her Majesty’s dominions under the trusteeship system of the United Nations;

"cinema" means any premises in Great Britain used for the exhibition of films, except that it does not, in relation to any year, include—

(a) any church, chapel or other place of religious worship, or any hall or other premises used in connection with, and for the purposes of, any church, chapel or other such place, if the number of days

Y*

682

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 ELiz. 2

Part V

on which registered films are exhibited in that year at the church, chapel, place, hall or premises (exclusive of any exhibition farming part of a religious service) does not exceed six; or

(b) any premises used in that year for providing entertainment at which the exhibition of films is only part of the programme, if the total playing time of the registered film or films exhibited in the course of any one of those entertainments does not exceed twenty-five minutes;

"Commonwealth country" means the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the Union of South Africa, India, Pakistan, Ceylon, Ghana, the Federation of Malaya, the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, the State of Singapore, any colony and any territory under Her Majesty's protection;

"Commonwealth Government" means the Government of, or of any part of, a Commonwealth country other than the United Kingdom;

"deliver" means deliver for exhibition at a cinema and " delivery " shall be construed accordingly;

"distribute" means distribute to exhibitors for exhibition and " distribution " shall be construed accordingly;

" exhibit " means exhibit to the public, and " exhibition " shall be construed accordingly;

"exhibitor" means a person carrying on the business of exhibiting films in Great Britain;

" exhibitor's licence " means a licence under Part III of this Act authorising a person to carry on business as an exhibitor;

" long film " means a film the playing time of which is not less than thirty4hree and one-third minutes;

" maker ", in relation to a film, means the person by whom the arrangements necessary for the making of the film are undertaken;

" quarterly period " means a period of three months ending with the last day of March, June, September or December;

"the register" means the register kept under Part II of this Act;

" registered " means registered under Part II of this Act;

" registered playing time " means the playing time of a film as registered for the time being;

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

683

" renter " means a person who carries on the business of distributing films;

" renter’s licence " means a licence under Part III of this Act authorising a person to carry on business as a renter;

" serial film " or " series of films " means a serial film or series of films consisting of a number of parts not exceeding fifteen, each of which has a playing time of not more than thirty-three and one-third minutes and which are intended to be exhibited on successive dates at intervals not exceeding fourteen days;

" short film " means a film the playing time of which is less than thirty-three and one-third minutes;

" studio " means a building or group of buildings constructed or adapted for the purpose of making films therein and includes any land occupied with such a building or group of buildings, and a studio shall be deemed to be used in making a film if any part of that film, or of any other film used in making it, consists of photographs taken or sound recordings made in that studio; and " studio scenes " shall be construed accordingly;

"trade-shown", in relation to a film, means displayed to exhibitors or their agents either—

(a) in a building within the administrative county of London under conditions allowing for the satisfactory viewing of the film, the display not being open to any member of the public on payment; or

(b) at a cinema, on an occasion when the film is exhibited there during the first six weeks that the film is exhibited at a cinema;

and after announcement to them at least seven days before the display.

" year ", except in sections forty-one and forty-five, means a calendar year.

(2) References in this Act to the making of a film do not include the production of blank films or of positives intended for exhibition, or the production of negatives by means of any process used for making copies of negatives.

(3) For the purposes of this Act registered films shall be deemed to be exhibited at more than one cinema at the same time if any part of the period during which any one registered film is exhibited at a cinema coincides with any part of the period during which any one registered film is exhibited at another cinema.

Y* 2

Part V

684

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V

Repeal, amendment < enactments, transitional provisions and savings.

Short title, commencement and extent

(4) For the purposes of this Act each part of a serial film or series of films shall be deemed to be a separate film.

(5) Her Majesty may by Order in Council designate any British trust territory or South-West Africa for the purposes of this Act and any country so designated shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as if it were a Commonwealth country.

Any such Order in Council may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

51.—(1) The Cinematograph Films Act, 1938, the Cinematograph Films Act, 1948, and the Cinematograph Films Act, 1960, are hereby repealed.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that Schedule.

(3) This Act shall have effect subject to the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

(4) The mention of particular matters in the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall be without prejudice to the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

(5) Nothing in this Act shall affect the determination for the purposes of Part I of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1957, of the question whether a film registered before the commencement of this Act is a British film.

52.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Films Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

(3) For the purposes of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, the enactment of legislation for purposes similar to the purposes of this Act shall not be deemed to be beyond the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland by reason only that such legislation may affect trade with places outside Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act, except so much thereof as relates to the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland and to the Copyright Act, 1956, does not extend to Northern Ireland.

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

685

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Constitution of the Cinematograph Films Council

1. The Council shall consist of twenty-two members appointed by the Board of Trade, and of those members—

(a) seven (of whom one shall be the Chairman) shall be

appointed as being independent persons;

(b) four shall be appointed as representing makers of British films, of whom one shall be appointed as representing makers of films not intended for general exhibition as first feature films;

(c) two shall be appointed as representing renters;

(d) five shall be appointed as representing exhibitors, of whom one shall be appointed as representing exhibitors in Scotland; and

(e) four shall be appointed as representing persons employed by makers, renters or exhibitors of British films.

2. The Board of Trade shall satisfy themselves that any person whom they propose to appoint under sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule or who is a member of the Council by virtue of an appointment made under that sub-paragraph will have or has, as the case may be, no such financial or commercial interest as is likely to affect him in the discharge of his functions as a member of the Council; and any such person shall, whenever requested by the Board to do so, give the Board such information as they consider necessary for the performance of their duty under this paragraph.

3. Before appointing a person to be a representative member of the Council the Board of Trade shall consult such bodies, if any, as appear to the Board to be representative of the interest concerned.

4. The Board of Trade shall not appoint to be a member of the Council any person who has been convicted of an offence under this Act, and if any member is convicted of such an offence he shall forthwith cease to be a member of the Council.

5. Subject to paragraph 4 of this Schedule, a member of the Council shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of the instrument under which he is appointed, but no person shall, on any occasion, be appointed to be a member of the Council for more than three years.

6. A member of the Council who ceases to hold office shall be eligible for re-appointment.

7. The Council may, subject to any such limitations and conditions as it thinks proper, delegate any of its functions to a committee of the Council.

Section 41.

686

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

1st Sch.

Section 44.

Section 51.

8. Any committee of the Council may include persons who are not members of the Council, and any such committee may co-opt as additional members such persons, whether members of the Council or not, as the committee may. with the approval of the Council, determine.

9. The quorum of the Council shall be such number, not less than nine, as the Board of Trade may determine.

10. The Council shall have power to regulate its own procedure, and may act notwithstanding a vacancy among its members.

SECOND SCHEDULE Maximum Fbes

£ s.

On an application for the registration of a film ... 8 8

On an application to amend the register 4 4

On an application for a renter’s licence 21 0

On an application for an annual exhibitor's licence ... 8 8

On an application for an exhibitor's licence in respect of a quarterly period 3 3

THIRD SCHEDULE

Amendment of Enactments Section 13 of the Copyright Act, 1956

1. In subsection (3), for the words "Part HI of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938 * and the words " Part HI of the said Act of 1938" there shall be substituted the words "Part II of the Films Act, 1960 " and for the words " the said Part HI " there shall be substituted the words " the said Part H

2. In subsection (8), for the words "paragraph (a) of section thirty-five of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938" there shall be substituted the words "paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of the Films Act, 1960 ",

3. For subsection (11) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (11) References in this section to Part H of the Films Act, 1960, shall be construed as including references to any enactments for the time being in force amending or substituted for the provisions of the said Part II and, in relation to any time before the commencement of that Act, as references to the enactments replaced by those provisions."

Section 8 of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1957

4. In subsection (1), for the words "the Cinematograph Films Acts, 1938 and 1948", there shall be substituted the words "the Films Act. 1960 ".

1960

Films Act, 1960

Ch. 57

687

5. For subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following 3rd Sea. subsection:—

" (2) The Films Act, 1960, shall have effect for the purpose of determining whether a film is a British film for the purposes of this Part of this Act as it has effect for the purpose of determining whether a film registrable under that Act is registrable as a British film."

FOURTH SCHEDULE Section 51.

Transitional Provisions

1. In relation to any time before the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-two, references to a year in Part I of this Act and, in so far as they refer to the period in respect of which an exhibitor’s licence is granted or during which films are exhibited, references to a year in Part in of this Act, shall be construed as referring to the period beginning on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and sixty and ending at the end of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-one; and the amount of the fee payable on an application for an exhibitor’s licence in respect of that period shall be an amount not exceeding ten guineas.

2. In computing for the purpose of subsection (3) of section four of this Act the net box office receipts of a cinema during the period of twelve months ending at the end of March, nineteen hundred and sixty, there shall be deducted, in addition to the deduction required by subsection (5) of that section, entertainments duty (within the meaning of the Entertainments Duty Act, 1958) paid or payable to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

3. See lion eight of this Act does not apply to any film which was displayed to exhibitors or exhibited before the end of September, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, nor to any film to which the Cinematograph Films Act, 1927, did not apply and which was so displayed or exhibited after that time but before the commencement of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938.

4. A film which has been exhibited in Great Britain before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight, or which has been duly registered under Part II of the Cinematograph Films Act,

1927, shall not be registered under this Act.

5. The amount of the fee payable on an application for a renter’s licence in respect of the year nineteen hunched and sixty-one shall be an amount not exceeding fifteen guineas.

6. —(1) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section forty-five of this Act, a conviction of an offence under any of the following previous enactments, that is to say, subsection (6) of section one or subsection (4) of section five of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1948, subsection (1) of section one or subsection (1) of section seven of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938, or section nineteen of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1927, shall be deemed to be a conviction of a quota offence.

688

Ch. 57

Films Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. (2) For the purposes of paragraph 4 of the First Schedule to this Act, a conviction of an offence under the Cinematograph Films Acts, 1938 to 1960, or under the Cinematograph Films Act, 1927, shall be deemed to be a conviction of an offence under this Act.

7. —(1) The register kept under Part m of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938, shall be deemed to be part of the register kept under Part II of this Act.

(2) Any film registered under the said Part III or under Part II of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1927, shall be deemed to have been registered under Part II of this Act and, if registered as an exhibitors* quota film, shall be deemed to have been registered as a quota film.

(3) The registered playing time of any film registered before the first day of October, nineteen hundred and sixty, shall be determined by treating every ninety feet of length as equivalent to a playing time of one minute.

8. Any regulation, order or appointment made, direction given, or other thing done under any provision of the Cinematograph Films Acts, 1938 to 1960, and in force at the commencement of this Act. shall continue in force and have effect as if it had been made, given or done under the corresponding provision of this Act.

9. Any reference in any enactment or document, whether express or implied, to any provision contained in the enactments repealed by this Act shall be construed as a reference to the corresponding provision of this Act.

609

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Interpretation Act, 1889 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

Government of Ireland Act, 1920 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

Cinematograph Films Act, 1927 17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 29.

Cinematograph Films Act, 1938 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 17.

Cinematograph Films Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 23.

Companies Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2.

c. 55.

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

Copyright Act, 1956 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 74.

Cinematograph Films Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 21.

Entertainments Duty Act, 1958 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 9.

Cinematograph Films Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 14.

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

689

CHAPTER 58

Charities , 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I The Central Authorities

Section

1. The Charity Commissioners.

2. The Minister of Education.

3. The official custodian for charities.

Part II

Provisions for inquiring into, making known

AND CO-ORDINATING CHARITABLE ACTIVITIES

Registration of charities

4. Register of charities.

5. Effect of, and claims and objections to, registration.

Powers of Commissioners and Minister to obtain

information, etc.

6. Genera] power to institute inquiries.

7. Power to call for documents, and search records.

8. Receipt and audit of accounts of charities.

9. Exchange of information, etc.

Powers of local authorities and of charity trustees

10. Local authority’s index of local charities.

11. Reviews of local charities by local authority.

12. Co-operation between charities, and between charities and local

authorities.

Part HI

Application of Property cy-pr£s, and Assistance and Supervision of Charities by Court and Central Authorities

Extended powers of court, and variation of charters

13. Occasions for applying property cy-pres.

14. Application cy-pr&s of gifts of donors unknown or disclaiming.

15. Charities governed by charter, or by or under statute.

Property vested in official custodian

16. Entrusting charity property to official custodian, and determination of

trust.

17. Supplementary provisions as to property vested in official custodian.

690

Ch. 58

Charities; 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Powers of Commissioners and Minister to

make scheme, e/c.

Section

18. Concurrent jurisdiction with High Court for certain purposes.

19. Further powers to make schemes or alter application of charitable

property.

20. Power to act for protection of charities.

21. Publicity for proceedings under ss. 18 to 20.

Establishment of common investment funds

22. Schemes to establish common investment funds.

Miscellaneous powers of Commissioners and Minister

23. Power to authorise dealings with charity property, etc.

24. Power to advise charity trustees.

25. Powers for preservation of charity documents.

26. Power to order taxation of solicitor's bill.

27. Powers for recovery or redemption of charity rentcharges.

Miscellaneous

28. Taking of legal proceedings.

29. Restrictions on dealing with charity property.

30. Charitable companies.

31. Protection of expression " common good ".

Part IV

Miscellaneous Provisions as to Charities

AND THEIR AFFAIRS

32. General obligation to keep accounts.

33. Manner of giving notice of charity meetings, etc.

34. Manner of executing instruments.

35. Transfer and evidence of title to property vested in trustees.

36. Miscellaneous provisions as to evidence.

37. Parochial charities.

38. Repeal of law of mortmain.

39. Repeal of obsolete enactments.

Part V Supplementary

40. Miscellaneous provisions as to orders of Commissioners or Minister.

41. Enforcement of orders of Commissioners or Minister.

42. Appeals from Commissioners or Minister.

43. Regulations.

44. Expenses.

45. Construction of references to a " charity " or to particular classes of

charity.

1960

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

691

Section

46. Other definitions.

47. Powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland.

AS. Consequential amendments, general repeal and transitional provisions. 49. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Constitution, etc., of Charity Commissioners. Second Schedule—Exempt charities.

Third Schedule—Enlargement of areas of local charities.

Fourth Schedule—Court’s jurisdiction over certain charities governed by or under statute.

Fifth Schedule—Enactments repealed as obsolete.

Sixth Schedule—Consequential amendments.

Seventh Schedule—Enactments repealed as superseded.

An Act to replace with new provisions the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1939, and other enactments relating to charities, to repeal the mortmain Acts, to make further provision as to the powers exercisable by or with respect to charities or with respect to gifts to charity, and for purposes connected therewith.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

The central authorities

la—(1) There shall continue to be a body of Charity The Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, and they shall have Commis-such functions as are conferred on them by tins Act in addition s,oncr8-to any functions under any other enactment not repealed by this Act.

(2) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the constitution and proceedings of the Commissioners and other matters relating to the Commissioners and their officers and servants.

(3) The Commissioners shall (without prejudice to their specific powers and duties under other enactments) have the general function of promoting the effective use of charitable resources by encouraging the development of better methods of administration, by giving charity trustees information or

692

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I advice on any matter affecting the charity and by investigating and checking abuses.

(4) It shall be the general object of the Commissioners so to act in the case of any charity (unless it is a matter of altering its purposes) as best to promote and make effective the work erf the charity in meeting the needs designated by its trusts; but the Commissioners shall not themselves have power to act in the administration of a charity.

(5) The Commissioners shall, as soon as possible after the end of every year, make to the Secretary of State a report on their operations during that year, and he shall lay a copy of the report before each House of Parliament.

The Minister 2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any functions

of Education, conferred on the Commissioners by or under this or any other Act (including functions belonging at the passing of this Act to the Minister of Education by virtue of any transfer previously made) shall be functions equally of the Commissioners and of the Minister of Education, and anything which is to be or may be done under or for the purposes of the trusts of a charity by virtue of any mention therein of the Commissioners or of the Minister (or by virtue of any reference therein which has effect as if they or he were mentioned) shall be equally effective if done by or to either: and references to the Commissioners or to the Minister shall be construed as extending to each of them so far as may be necessary to give full effect to this subsection.

(2) Her Majesty may by Order in Council give, vary and revoke directions for determining or making known the cases in which the Commissioners should act, and those in which the Minister of Education should act, where they have concurrent powers by virtue of this section; and, subject to any such directions, it shall be for the Minister to act in relation to charities whose purposes are wholly or mainly purposes of concern to him in connection with his general functions relating to education, and for the Commissioners to act in other cases.

Any Order in Council under this subsection shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) Where a person has occasion to make any application, give any notice or do any other thing which may be made, given or done equally to the Commissioners or to the Minister of Education, he shall take such steps as are reasonable to secure that it is made, given or done to whichever should act in the matter; but nothing done to or by the Commissioners or the Minister shall be ineffective by reason of this subsection or of subsection (2) above.

1960

Charities , 1960

Ch. 58

693

(4) The Minister of Education shall continue to discharge the functions conferred by the Endowed Schools Act, 1869, and subsequent Acts on the commissioners established by that Act or on any person as successor to those commissioners, and to settle schemes under that Act for the approval of Her Majesty in Council and submit them for such approval, after taking the steps required by those Acts of those commissioners before submission of a scheme to the Committee of Council on Education and the steps required of that Committee after approval of a scheme by them; and officers of the Minister shall discharge accordingly any functions conferred on officers of those commissioners (including their assistant commissioners) or on officers of any person as successor to those commissioners.

(5) No provision of this Act conferring on the Secretary of State any power in relation to the Commissioners, or requiring them to make a report to him, shall apply in relation to the Minister of Education, but the Minister shall deal with his operations under this Act or under the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 to 1948, in his report made to Parliament under section five of the Education Act, 1944.

3.—(1) There shall be an " official custodian for charities ", whose function it shall be to act as trustee for charities in the cases provided for by this Act; and the official custodian for charities shall be by that name a corporation sole having perpetual succession and using an official seal, which shall be officially and judicially noticed.

(2) Such officer of the Commissioners as they may from time to time designate shall be the official custodian for charities.

(3) The official custodian for charities shall perform his duties in accordance with such general or special directions as may be given him by the Commissioners, and his expenses (except those re-imbursed to him or recovered by him as trustee for any charity) shall be defrayed by the Commissioners.

(4) Anything which is required to or may be done by, to or before the official custodian for charities may be done by, to or before any officer of the Commissioners generally or specially authorised by them to act for him during a vacancy in his office or otherwise.

(5) The official custodian for charities shall not be liable as trustee for any charity in respect of any loss or of the misapplication of any property, unless it is occasioned by or through the wilful neglect or default of the custodian or person acting for him; but the Consolidated Fund shall be liable to make good to a charity any sums for which the custodian may be liable by reason of any such neglect or default.

Part I

The official custodian for charities.

694

Ch. 58

Charities , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I

Register of charities.

(6) The official custodian for charities shall keep such books of account and such records in relation thereto as may be directed by the Treasury, and shall prepare accounts in such form, in such manner and at such times as may be so directed.

(7) The accounts so prepared shall be examined and certified by the Comptroller and Auditor General, and the report to be made by - the Commissioners to the Secretary of State for any year shall include a copy of the accounts so prepared for any period ending in or with the year, and of the certificate and report of the Comptroller and Auditor General with respect to those accounts.

(8) References in this section to the Commissioners shall not extend to the Minister of Education, nor shall subsection (1) of section two of this Act confer on that Minister any functions in relation to the official custodian for charities or to the vesting in or transfer to him of any property.

Part II

Provisions for inquiring into, making known and

CO-ORDINATING CHARITABLE ACTIVITIES Registration of charities

4.—(1) There shall be a register of charities which shall be established and maintained by the Commissioners and in which there shall be entered such particulars as the Commissioners may from time to time determine of any charity there registered.

(2) There shall be entered in the register every charity not excepted by subsection (4) below; and a charity so excepted may be entered in the register at the request of the charity, but (whether or not it was excepted at the time of registration) may at any time, and shall at the request of the charity, be removed from the register.

(3) Any institution which no longer appears to the Commissioners to be a charity shall be removed from the register, with effect, where the removal is due to any change in its purposes or trusts, from the date of that change; and there shall also be removed from the register any charity which ceases to exist or does not operate.

(4) The following charities are not required to be registered, that is to say,—

(a) any charity comprised in the Second Schedule to this

Act (in this Act referred to as an " exempt charity *);

(b) any charity which is excepted by order or regulations;

(c) any charity having neither any permanent endowment,

nor any income from property amounting to more than

1960

Charities , 1960

Ch. 58

695

fifteen pounds a year, nor the use and occupation of any Part II land;

and no charity is required to be registered in respect of any registered place of worship.

(5) With any application for a charity to be registered there shall be supplied to the Commissioners copies of its trusts (or, if they are not set out in any extant document, particulars of them), and such other documents or information as may be prescribed or as the Commissioners may require for the purpose of the application.

(6) It shall be the duty—

(a) of the charity trustees of any charity which is not regis-

tered nor excepted from registration to apply for it to be registered, and to supply the documents and information required by subsection (5) above; and

(b) of the charity trustees (or last charity trustees) of any

institution which is for the time being registered to notify the Commissioners if it ceases to exist, or if there is any change in its trusts, or in the particulars of it entered in the register, and to supply to the Commissioners particulars of any such change and copies of any new trusts or alterations of the trusts; and any person who makes default in carrying out any of the duties imposed by this subsection may be required by order of the Commissioners to make good that default.

(7) The register (including the entries cancelled when institutions are removed from the register) shall be open to public inspection at all reasonable times; and copies (or particulars) of the trusts of any registered charity as supplied to the Commissioners under this section shall, so long as it remains on the register, be kept by them and be open to public inspection at all reasonable times, except in so far as regulations otherwise provide.

(8) Nothing in the foregoing subsections shall require any person to supply the Commissioners with copies of schemes for the administration of a charity made otherwise than by the court, or to notify the Commissioners of any change made with respect to a registered charity by such a scheme, or require a person, if he refers the Commissioners to a document or copy already in the possession of the Commissioners or of the Minister of Education, to supply a further copy of the document; but where by virtue of this subsection a copy of any document need not be supplied to the Commissioners, a copy of it, if it relates to a registered charity, shall be open to inspection under subsection (7) above as if supplied to the Commissioners under this section.

(9) In this section " registered place of worship " means any land or building falling within section nine of the Places of Worship Registration Act, 1855, as amended by this Act (that

696

Ch. 58

Charities , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part II

Effect of, and claims and objections to. registration.

is to say, the land and buildings which, if this Act had not been passed, would by virtue of that section as amended by subsequent enactments be partially exempted from the operation of the Charitable Trusts Act, 1853), and for the purposes of this subsection "building" includes part of a building.

(10) This section shall not apply to charities taking effect before the commencement of this Act until such date as the Secretary of State or, as regards any part of the register to be maintained by him, the Minister of Education may appoint by order made by statutory instrument; and different dates may be appointed for different cases or classes of case.

5.—(1) An institution shall for all purposes other than rectification of the register be conclusively presumed to be or have been a charity at any time when it is or was on the register of charities.

(2) Any person who is or may be affected by the registration of an institution as a charity may, on the ground that it is not a charity, object to its being entered by the Commissioners in the register, or apply to them for it to be removed from the register; and provision may be made by regulations as to the manner in which any such objection or application is to be made, prosecuted or dealt with.

(3) An appeal against any decision of the Commissioners to enter or not to enter an institution in the register of charities, or to remove or not to remove an institution from the register, may be brought in the High Court by the Attorney General, or by the persons who are or claim to be the charity trustees of the institution, or by any person whose objection or application under subsection (2) above is disallowed by the decision.

(4) If there is an appeal to the High Court against any decision of the Commissioners to enter an institution in the register, or not to remove an institution from the register, then until the Commissioners are satisfied whether the decision of the Commissioners is or is not to stand, the entry in the register shall be maintained, but shall be in suspense and marked to indicate that it is in suspense; and for the purposes of subsection (1) above an institution shall be deemed not to be on the register during any period when the entry relating to it is in suspense under this subsection.

(5) Any question affecting the registration or removal from the register of an institution may, notwithstanding that it has been determined by a decision on appeal under subsection (3) above, be considered afresh by the Commissioners and shall not be concluded by that decision, if it appears to the Commissioners that there has been a change of circumstances or that the decision is inconsistent with a later judicial decision, whether given on such an appeal or not.

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

697

Powers of Commissioners and Minister to obtain Part II

information, etc.

6.—(1) The Commissioners may from time to time institute General power inquiries with regard to charities or a particular charity or class •°a"^jliJltc of charities, either generally or for particular purposes: mqu

Provided that no such inquiry shall extend to any exempt charity.

(2) The Commissioners may either conduct such an inquiry themselves or appoint a person to conduct it and make a report to them.

(3) For the purposes of any such inquiry the Commissioners may by order, ami a person appointed by them to conduct the inquiry may by precept, require any person (subject to the provisions of this section)—

(a) to furnish accounts and statements in writing with respect

to any matter in question at the inquiry, being a matter on which he has or can reasonably obtain information, or to return answers in writing to any questions or inquiries addressed to him on any such matter, and to verify any such accounts, statements or answers by statutory declaration;

(b) to attend at a specified time and place and give evidence or produce documents in his custody or control which relate to any matter in question at the inquiry.

(4) For the purposes of any such inquiry evidence may be taken on oath, and the person conducting the inquiry may for that purpose administer oaths, or may instead of administering an oath require the person examined to make and subscribe a declaration of the truth of the matters about which he is examined.

(5) The Commissioners may pay to any person the necessary expenses of his attendance to give evidence or produce documents for the purpose of an inquiry under this section, and a person shall not be required in obedience to an order or precept under paragraph (b) of subsection (3) above to go more than ten miles from his place of residence unless those expenses are paid or tendered to him.

(6) No person claiming to hold any property adversely to a charity, or freed or discharged from any charitable trust or charge, shall be required under this section to furnish any information or produce any document relating to that property or any trust or charge alleged to affect it.

(7) Where the Commissioners propose to take any aotion in consequence of an inquiry under this section, they may publish the report of the person conducting the inquiry, or such other statement of the results of the inquiry as they think fit, in any

698

Ch. 58

Charities Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part n manner calculated in their opinion to bring it to the attention of persons who may wish to make representations to them about the action to be taken.

(8) The council of a county, county borough, oounty district or borough included in a rural district and, in London, the Common Council of the City of London and the council of a metropolitan borough may contribute to the expenses of the Commissioners in connection with inquiries under this section into local charities in the council's area.

(9) If any person wilfully alters, suppresses, conceals or destroys any document which he may be required to produce under this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or to both.

Power to call 7.—(l) The Commissioners may by order require any person

and isearch*118’ ^iav*n8 in his possession or control any books, records, deeds or ncorfa papers relating to a charity to furnish them with copies of or extracts from any of those documents or, unless the document forms part of the records or other documents of a court or of a public or local authority, require him to transmit the document itself to them for their inspection.

(2) Any officer of the Commissioners, if so authorised by them, shall be entitled without payment to inspect and take copies of or extracts from the records or other documents of any court, or of any public registry or office of records, for any purpose connected with the discharge of the functions of the Commissioners or of the official custodian for charities.

(3) The Commissioners shall be entitled without payment to keep any copy or extract furnished to them under subsection (1) above; and where a document transmitted to them under that subsection for their inspection relates only to one or more charities and is not held by any person entitled as trustee oi otherwise to the custody of it, the Commissioners may keep it or may deliver it to the charity trustees or to any other person who may be so entitled.

(4) No person claiming to hold any property adversely to a charity, or freed or discharged from any charitable trust or charge, shall be required under subsection (1) above to transmit to the Commissioners any document relating to that property or any trust or charge alleged to affect it, or to furnish any copy of or extract from any such document.

(5) No person properly having the custody of documents relating only to an exempt charity shall be required under subsection (1) above to transmit to the Commissioners any of those documents, or to furnish any copy of or extract from any of them.

1960

Charities , 1960

Ch. 58

699

8.—(1) Statements of account giving the prescribed information about the affairs of a charity shall be transmitted to the Commissioners by the charity trustees on request; and, in the case of a charity having a permanent endowment, such a statement relating to the permanent endowment shall be transmitted yearly without any request, unless the charity is excepted by order or regulations.

(2) Any statement of account (transmitted to the Commissioners in pursuance of subsection (1) above shall be kept by them for such period as they think fit; and during that period it shall be open to public inspection at all reasonable times.

(3) The Commissioners may by order require that the condition and accounts of a charity for such period as they think fit shall be investigated and audited by an auditor appointed by diem, being a member of one of the following bodies:—

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

The Society of Incorporated Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

The Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

Any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of Trade.

(4) An auditor acting under subsection (3) above—

(a) shall have a right of access to all books, accounts and

documents relating to the charity which are in the possession or control of the charity trustees or to which the charity trustees have access;

(b) shall be entitled to require from any charity trustee,

past or present, and from any past or present officer or servant of the charity such information and explanation as he thinks necessary for the performance of his duties;

(c) shall at the conclusion or during the progress of the

audit make such reports to the Commissioners about the audit or about the accounts or affairs of the charity as he thinks the case requires, and shall send a copy of any such report to the charity trustees.

(5) The expenses of any audit under subsection (3) above, including the remuneration of the auditor, shall be paid by the Commissioners.

Part n Receipt and audit of accounts of charities.

700

Ch. 58

Charities Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 11 (6) If any person— (a) fails to transmit to the Commissioners any statement of account required by subsection (1) above; or (b) fails to afford an auditor any facility to which he is entitled under subsection (4) above; the Commissioners may by order give to that person or to the charity trustees for the time being such directions as the Commissioners think appropriate for securing that the default is made good. (7) This section shall not apply to an exempt charity.

Exchange of information, etc. 9.—(1) The Commissioners may furnish the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and other government departments and local authorities, and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and other government departments and local authorities may furnish the Commissioners, with the names and addresses of institutions which have for any purpose been treated by the person furnishing the information as established for charitable purposes or, in order to give or obtain assistance in determining whether an institution ought to be treated as so established, with information as to the purposes of the institution and the trusts under which it is established or regulated. (2) The Commissioners shall supply any person, on payment of such fee as they think reasonable, with copies of or extracts from any document in their possession which is for the time being open to public inspection under this Act.

Local authority's index of local charities. Powers of local authorities and of charity trustees 10.—(1) The council of a county or of a borough may maintain an index of local charities or of any class of local charities in the council’s area, and may publish information contained in the index, or summaries or extracts taken from it (2) A council proposing to establish or maintaining under this section an index of local charities or of any class of local charities shall, on request, be supplied by the Commissioners free of charge with copies of such entries in the register of charities as are relevant to the index or with particulars of any changes in the entries of which copies have been supplied before; and the Commissioners may arrange that they will without further request supply a council with particulars of any such changes. (3) An index maintained under this section shall be open to public inspection at all reasonable times. (4) A council may employ any voluntary organisation, and the council of a county may employ the council of any county district in the county, or the divisional executive (within the meaning of Part III of the First Schedule to the Education Act, 1944) for any part of the county, as their agent for the purposes

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

701

of this section, on such terms and within such limits (if any) Part n or in such cases as they may agree; and for this purpose " voluntary organisation " means any body of which the activities are carried on otherwise than for profit, not being a public or local authority.

(5) A joint board discharging any of a council’s functions shall have the same powers under this section as the council as respects local charities in the council’s area which are established for purposes similar or complementary to any services provided by the board.

(6) The provisions of this section may be adopted in any urban district by resolution of the council, and shall thereupon (subject to any further resolution of the council revoking the adoption) have effect in relation to the district as if it were a borough.

A council passing any such resolution shall transmit copies of it to the Commissioners and to the Minister of Education, and to the council of the county in which the urban district is situated.

(7) In this section the expression " borough " shall extend to a borough included in a rural district, and in the application of this section to London for any reference to a borough or to a county district there shall be substituted a reference to a metropolitan borough, but the Common Council of the City of London shall have the like powers under this section as the council of a metropolitan borough.

11.—(1) The council of a county or of a borough may, subject to the following provisions of this section, initiate, and carry out J^o^aT*™8 in cooperation with the charity trustees, a review of the working authority, of any group of local charities with the same or similar purposes in the council's area, and may make to the Commissioners such report on the review and such recommendations arising from it as the council after consultation with the trustees think fit.

(2) A council having power to initiate reviews under this section may co-operate with other persons in any review by them of the working of local charities in the council’s area (with or without other charities), or may join with other persons in initiating and carrying out such a review.

(3) No review initiated by a council under this section shall extend to any charity without the consent of the charity trustees, nor to any ecclesiastical charity.

(4) No review initiated under this section by the council of a borough shall extend to the working in any county of a local charity established for purposes similar or complementary to any services provided by county councils, unless the review so extends with the consent of the council of that county or the council initiating it provides those services in its area under delegated powers.

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

702

Ch. 58

Part II

Co-operation

between

charities,

and between

charities

and local

authorities.

Occasions for applying property cy-pris.

(5) Subsections (4) to (7) of the last foregoing section shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that

12. —(1) Any local council and any joint board discharging any functions of such a council may make, with any charity established for purposes similar or complementary to services provided by the council or board, arrangements for co-ordinating the activities of the council or board and those of the charity in the interests of persons who may benefit from those services or from the charity, and shall be at liberty to disclose to any such charity in the interests of those persons any information obtained in connection with the services provided by the council or board, whether or not arrangements have been made with the charity under this subsection.

In this subsection "local council" means the council of a county, of a county borough, of a metropolitan borough, of a county district, of a borough included in a rural district or of a rural parish, and includes also the Common Council of the City of London and the Council of the Isles of Scilly.

(2) Charity trustees shall, notwithstanding anything in the trusts of the charity, have power by virtue of this subsection to do all or any of the following things, where it appears to them likely to promote or make more effective the work of the charity, and may defray the expense of so doing out of any income or moneys applicable as income of the charity, that is to say,—

(a) they may cooperate in any review undertaken under

the last foregoing section or otherwise of the working of charities or any class of charities;

(b) they may make arrangements with an authority acting

under subsection (1) above or with another charity for coordinating their activities and those of the authority or of the other charity;

(c) they may publish information of other charities with a

view to bringing them to the notice of those for whose benefit they are intended.

Part III

Application of property cy-pr£s, and assistance and supervision OF CHARITIES BY COURT AND CENTRAL AUTHORITIES Extended powers of court, and variation of charters

13. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, the circumstances in which the original purposes of a charitable gift can be altered to allow the property given or part of it to be applied cy-prfcs shall be as follows:—

(a) where the original purposes, in whole or in part,—

(i) have been as far as may be fulfilled; or

1960

Charities , 1960

Ch. 58

703

(ii) cannot be carried out, or not according to the directions given and to the spirit of the gift; or

(b) where the original purposes provide a use for part only of the property available by virtue of the gift; or

(c) where the property available by virtue of the gift and

other property applicable for similar purposes can be more effectively used in conjunction, and to that end can suitably, regard being had to the spirit of the gift, be made applicable to common purposes; or id) where the original purposes were laid down by reference to an area which then was but has since ceased to be a unit for some other purpose, or by reference to a class of persons or to an area which has for any reason since ceased to be suitable, regard being had to the spirit of the gift, or to be practical in administering the gift; or

(e) where the original purposes, in whole or in part, have, since they were laid down,—

(i) been adequately provided for by other means;

or

(ii) ceased, as being useless or harmful to the community or for other reasons, to be in law charitable; or

(iii) ceased in any other way to provide a suitable and effective method of using the property available by virtue of the gift, regard being had to the spirit of the gift.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall not affect the conditions which must be satisfied in order that property given for charitable purposes may be applied cy-prfcs, except in so far as those conditions require a failure of the original purposes.

(3) References in the foregoing subsections to the original purposes of a gift shall be construed, where the application of the property given has been altered or regulated by a scheme or otherwise, as referring to the purposes for which the property is for the time being applicable.

(4) Without prejudice to the power to make schemes in circumstances falling within subsection (1) above, the court may by scheme made under the court’s jurisdiction with respect to charities, in any case where the purposes for which the property is held are laid down by reference to any such area as is mentioned in the first column in the Third Schedule to this Act, provide for enlarging the area to any such area as is mentioned in the second column in the same entry in that Schedule.

(5) It is hereby declared that a trust for charitable purposes places a trustee under a duty, where the case permits and

Part m

704

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

Application cy-prtsof gifts of donors unknown or disclaiming.

requires the property or some part of it to be applied cy-prfcs, to secure its effective use for charity by taking steps to enable it to be so applied.

14.—(1) Property given for specific charitable purposes which fail shall be applicable cy^pres as if given for charitable purposes generally, where it belongs—

(a) to a donor who, after such advertisements and inquiries

as are reasonable, cannot be identified or cannot be found; or

(b) to a donor who has executed a written disclaimer of his

right to have the property returned.

(2) For the purposes of this section property shall be conclusively presumed (without any advertisement or inquiry) to belong to donors who cannot be identified, in so far as it consists—

(a) of the proceeds of cash collections made by means of

collecting boxes or by other means not adapted for distinguishing one gift from another; or

(b) of the proceeds of any lottery, competition, entertain-

ment, sale or similar money-raising activity, after allowing for property given to provide prizes or articles for sale or otherwise to enable the activity to be undertaken.

(3) The court may by order direct that property not falling within subsection (2) above shall for the purposes of this section be treated (without any advertisement or inquiry) as belonging to donors who cannot be identified, where it appears to the court either—

(a) that it would be unreasonable, having regard to the

amounts likely to be returned to the donors, to incur expense with a view to returning die property; or

(b) that it would be unreasonable, having regard to the

nature, circumstances and amount of the gifts, and to the lapse of time since the gifts were made, for the donors to expect the property to be returned.

(4) Where property is applied cy-prfcs by virtue of this section, the donor shall be deemed to have parted with all his interest at the time when the gift was made; but where property is so applied as belonging to donors who cannot be identified or cannot be found, and is not so applied by virtue of subsection (2) or (3) above,—

(a) the scheme shall specify the total amount of that

property; and

(b) the donor of any part of that amount shall be entitled,

if he makes a claim not later that twelve months after the date on which the scheme is made, to recover from

1900

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

705

the charity for which the property is applied a sum Part ID equal to that part, less any expenses properly incurred by the charity trustees after that date in connection with claims relating to his gift; and

(c) the scheme may include directions as to the provision to be made for meeting any such claim.

(5) For the purposes of this section, charitable purposes shall be deemed to " fail " where any difficulty in applying property to those purposes makes that property or the pah not applicable cy-pr&s available to be returned to the donors.

(6) In this section, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, references to a donor include persons claiming through or under the original donor, and references to property given include the property for the time being representing the property originally given or property derived from it.

(7) This section shall apply to property given for charitable purposes, notwithstanding that it was so given before the commencement of this Act.

15,—(1) Where a Royal charter establishing or regulating a Charities body corporate is amendable by the grant and acceptance of a governed by further charter, a scheme relating to the body corporate or to the ^jgror by administration of property held by the body (including a scheme statute, for the cy-pr&s application of any such property) may be made by the court under the court’s jurisdiction with respect to charities notwithstanding that the scheme cannot take effect without the alteration of the charter, but shall be so framed that the scheme, or such part of it as cannot take effect without the alteration of the charter, does not purport to come into operation unless or until Her Majesty thinks fit to amend the charter in such manner as will permit the scheme or that part of it to have effect

(2) Where under the court’s jurisdiction with respect to charities or the corresponding jurisdiction of a court in Northern Ireland, or under powers conferred by this Act or by any enactment relating to charities of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, a scheme is made with respect to a body corporate, and it appears to Her Majesty expedient, having regard to the scheme, to amend any Royal charter relating to that body. Her Majesty may, on the application of that body, amend the charter accordingly by Order in Council in any way in which the charter could be amended by the grant and acceptance of a further charter; and any such Order in Council may be revoked or varied in like manner as the charter it amends.

(3) The jurisdiction of the court with respect to charities shall not be excluded or restricted in the case of a charity of any description mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act by the

z

706

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Fjjz. 2

Part 111 operation of the enactments or instruments there mentioned in relation to that description, and a scheme established for any such charity may modify or supersede in relation to it the provision made by any such enactment or instrument as if made by a scheme of the court, and may also make any such provision as is authorised by that Schedule.

Property vested in official custodian

16.—<1) The court may by order vest any property held by or in trust for a charity in the official custodian for charities, or authorise or require the persons in whom any such property is cmtodian and vested to transfer it to him, or appoint any person to transfer tenrinrtL any such property to him.

of trust (2) Where any personal property is held by or in trust for

a charity, or is comprised in any testamentary gift to a charity, die property may with the agreement of the official custodian for charities be transferred to him; and his receipt for any such property comprised in a testamentary gift to a charity shall be a complete discharge of the personal representative.

In this subsection, the expression " personal property " shall extend to any real security, but shall not include any interest in land otherwise than by way of security only.

(3) Where property is vested in the official custodian for charities in trust for a charity, the court may make an order discharging him from the trusteeship as respects all or any of that property.

(4) Where the official custodian for charities is discharged from his trusteeship of any property, or the trusts on which he holds any property come to an end, the court may make such vesting orders and give such directions as may seem to the court to be necessary or expedient in consequence.

(5) No person shall be liable for any loss occasioned by his acting in conformity with an order under this section or by his giving effect to anything done in pursuance of such an order, or be excused from so doing by reason of the order having been in any respect improperly obtained; and no vesting or transfer of any property in pursuance of this section shall operate as a breach of a covenant or condition against alienation or give rise to a forfeiture.

Entrusting charity property to

Supplementary provisions as to property vested in official custodian.

17.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where property is vested in the official custodian for charities in trust for a charity, he shall not exercise any powers of management, but he shall as trustee of any property have all the same powers, duties

1960

Charities , 1960

Ch. 58

707

and liabilities, and be entitled to the same rights and immunities. Part ID and be subject to the control and orders of the court, as a corporation appointed custodian trustee under section four of the Public Trustee Act, 1906, except that he shall have no power to charge fees.

(2) Where any land or interest in land is vested in die official custodian for charities in trust for a charity, the charity trustees shall have power in his name and on his behalf to execute and do all assurances and things which they could properly require him to execute or do—

(a) for carrying out any transaction affecting the land or interest which is authorised by order of the court or of the Commissioners; or

(b) for granting any lease for a term ending not more than twenty-two years after it is granted, not being a lease granted wholly or partly in consideration of a fine, or for accepting the surrender of a lease.

(3) Where any land or interest in land is vested in the official custodian for charities in trust for a charity, the charity trustees shall have the like power to make obligations entered into by them binding on the land or interest as if it were vested in them; and any covenant, agreement or condition which is enforceable by or against the custodian by reason of the land or interest being vested in him shall be enforceable by or against the charity trustees as if the land or interest were vested in them.

(4) In relation to a corporate charity, subsections (2) and (3) above shall apply with the substitution of references to the charity for references to the charity trustees.

(5) Subsections (2) and (3) above shall not authorise any charity trustees or charity to impose any personal liability on the official custodian for charities.

(6) Where the official custodian for charities is entitled as trustee for a charity to the custody of securities or documents of title relating to the trust property, he may permit them to be in the possession or under the control of the charity trustees, without thereby incurring any liability.

Powers of Commissioners and Minister to make

schemes, etc.

18.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Commis- Concurrent sioners may by order exercise the same jurisdiction and powers jurisdiction as are exercisable by the High Court in charity proceedings for High the following purposes, that is to say: — ^}Jjnfor

z 2 purposes.

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(a) establishing a scheme for the administration of a

charity;

(b) appointing, discharging or removing a charity trustee or trustee for a charity, or removing an officer or servant;

(c) vesting or transferring property, or requiring or entitling

any person to call for or make any transfer of property or any payment

(2) Where the court directs a scheme for the administration of a charity to be established, the court may by order refer the matter to the Commissioners for them to prepare or settle a scheme in accordance with such directions (if any) as the court sees fit to give, and any such order may provide for the scheme to be put into effect by order of the Commissioners as if prepared under subsection (1) above and without any further order of the court.

(3) The Commissioners shall not have jurisdiction under this section to try or determine the title at law or in equity to any property as between a charity or trustee for a charity and a person holding or claiming the property or an interest in it adversely to the oharity, or to try or determine any question as to the existence or extent of any charge or trust.

(4) Subject to the following subsections, the Commissioners shall not exercise their jurisdiction under this section as respects any charity, except—

(a) on the application of the charity; or

(b) on an order of the court under subsection (2) above.

(5) In the case of a charity not having any income from property amounting to more than fifty pounds a year, and not being an exempt charity, the Commissioners may exercise their jurisdiction under this section on the application—

(a) of the Attorney General; or

(b) of any one or more of the charity trustees, or of any

person interested in the charity, or of any two or more inhabitants of the area of the charity, if it is a local oharity.

(6) Where in the case of a charity, other than an exempt charity, the Commissioners are satisfied that the charity trustees ought in the interests of the charity to apply for a scheme, but have unreasonably refused or neglected to do so, the Commissioners may apply to the Secretary of State for him to refer the case to them with a view to a scheme, and if, after giving the charity trustees an opportunity to make representations to him, the Secretary of State does so, the Commissioners may proceed accordingly without the application required by subsection (4) or

(5) above:

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

709

Provided that the Commissioners shall not have power in a case where they act by virtue of this subsection to alter the purposes of a charity, unless forty years have elapsed from the date of its foundation.

(7) The Commissioners may on the application of any charity trustee or trustee for a charity exercise their jurisdiction under this section for the purpose of discharging him from his trusteeship.

(8) Before exercising any jurisdiction under this section otherwise than on an order of the court, the Commissioners shall give notice of their intention to do so to each of the charity trustees, except any that cannot be found or has no known address in the United Kingdom or who is party or privy to an application for the exercise of the jurisdiction; and any such notice may be given by post and, if given by post, may be addressed to the recipient’s last known address in the United Kingdom.

(9) The Commissioners shall not exercise their jurisdiction under this section in any case (not referred to them by order of the court) which, by reason of its contentious character, or of any special question of law or of fact which it may involve, or for other reasons, the Commissioners may consider more fit to be adjudicated on by the court.

(10) An appeal against any order of the Commissioners under this section may be brought in the High Court by the Attorney General.

(11) An appeal against any order of the Commissioners under this section may also, at any time within the three months beginning with the day following that on which the order is published, be brought in the High Court by the charity or any of the charity trustees, or by any person removed from any office or employment by the order (unless he is removed with the concurrence of the charity trustees or with the approval of the special visitor, if any, of the charity):

Provided that no appeal shall be brought under this subsection except with a certificate of the Commissioners that it is a proper case for an appeal or with the leave of one of the judges of the High Court attached to the Chancery Division.

(12) Where an order of the Commissioners under this section establishes a scheme for the administration of a charity, any person interested in the charity shall have the like right of appeal under subsection (11) above as a charity trustee, and so also, in the case of a charity which is a local charity in any area, shall any two or more inhabitants of the area and the parish council of any rural parish comprising the area or any part of it; but a parish council shall not exercise their right of appeal without the consent of the parish meeting.

Part ID

710

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IT! (13) In the application of this section to the Minister of Education, subsection (6) shall have effect so as to authorise him to proceed with a view to a scheme in the circumstances in which it authorises the Commissioners to apply to the Secretary of State for him to refer a case to them.

Further powers to make schemes or alter

application of

charitable

property.

19.—(1) Where it appears to the Commissioners that a scheme should be established for the administration of a charity, but also that it is necessary or desirable for the scheme to alter the provision made by an Act of Parliament establishing or regulating the charity or to make any other provision which goes or might go beyond the powers exercisable by them apart from this section, or that it is for any reason proper for the scheme to be subject to parliamentary review, then (subject to subsection (6) below) the Commissioners may settle a scheme accordingly with a view to its being given effect under this section.

(2) A scheme settled by the Commissioners under this section may be given effect by order of the Secretary of State made by statutory instrument, and a draft of the statutory instrument shall be laid before Parliament.

(3) Without prejudice to the operation of section six of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, in other cases, in the case of a scheme which goes beyond the powers exercisable apart from this section in altering a statutory provision contained in or having effect under any public general Act of Parliament, the order shall not be made unless the draft has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

(4) Subject to subsection (5) below, any provision of a scheme brought into effect under this section may be modified or superseded by the court or the Commissioners as if it were a scheme brought into effect by order of the Commissioners under section eighteen of this Act.

(5) Where subsection (3) above applies to a scheme, the order giving effect to it may direct that the scheme shall not be modified or superseded by a scheme brought into effect otherwise than under this section, and may also direct that that subsection shall apply to any scheme modifying or superseding the scheme to which the order gives effect.

(6) The Commissioners shall not proceed under this section without the like application or the like reference from the Secretary of State, and the like notice to the charity trustees, as would be required if they were proceeding (without an order of the court) under section eighteen of this Act; but on any application or reference made with a view to a scheme, the Commissioners may proceed under this section or that as appears to them appropriate.

1960

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

711

(7) Notwithstanding anything in the trusts of a charity, no Part ni expenditure incurred in preparing or promoting a Bill in Parliament shall without the consent of the court or the Commissioners

be defrayed out of any moneys applicable for the purposes of a charity:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in the case of an exempt charity.

(8) Where the Commissioners are satisfied—

(a) that the whole of the income of a charity cannot in

existing circumstances be effectively applied for the

purposes of the charity; and

(b) that, if those circumstances continue, a scheme might

be made for applying the surplus cy-pr6s; and

(c) that it is for any reason not yet desirable to make such

a scheme;

then the Commissioners may by order authorise the charity trustees at their discretion (but subject to any conditions imposed by the order) to apply any accrued or accruing income for any purposes for which it might be made applicable by such a scheme, and any application authorised by the order shall be deemed to be within the purposes of the charity:

Provided that the order shall not extend to more than three hundred pounds out of income accrued before the date of the order, nor to income accruing more than three years after that date, nor to more than one hundred pounds out of the income accruing in any of those three years.

(9) In the application of this section to the Minister of Education, a reference to that Minister shall be substituted for the reference in subsection (2) to the Secretary of State.

20.—(1) Where the Commissioners are satisfied as the result Power to act of an inquiry instituted by them under section six of this Act—

(a) that there has been in the administration of a charity any misconduct or mismanagement; and

(b) that it is necessary or desirable to act for the purpose of protecting the property of the charity or securing a proper application for the purposes of the charity of that property or of property coming to the charity;

then for that purpose the Commissioners may of their own motion do all or any of the following things:—

(i) they may by order remove any trustee, charity trustee, officer, agent or servant of the charity who has been responsible for or privy to the misconduct or mismanagement or has by his conduct contributed to it or facilitated it;

712

Ch. 58

Charities Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

(ii) they may make any such order as is authorised by subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act with respect to the vesting in or transfer to the official custodian for charities of property held by or in trust for the charity;

(iii) they may order any bank or other person who holds money or securities on behalf of the charity or of any trustee for it not to part with the money or securities without the approval of the Commissioners;

(iv) they may, notwithstanding anything in the trusts of the charity, by order restrict the transactions which may be entered into, or the nature or amount of the payments which may be made, in the administration of the charity without the approval of the Commissioners.

(2) The references in subsection (1) above to misconduct or mismanagement shall (notwithstanding anything in the trusts of the charity) extend to the employment for the remuneration or reward of persons acting in the affairs of the charity, or for other administrative purposes, of sums which are excessive in relation to the property which is or is likely to be applied or applicable for the purposes of the charity.

(3) The Commissioners may also remove a charity trustee by order made of their own motion—

(a) where the trustee has been convicted of felony, or

is a bankrupt or a corporation in liquidation, or is incapable of acting by reason of mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health Act, 1959;

(b) where the trustee has not acted, and will not declare his willingness or unwillingness to act;

(c) where the trustee is outside England and Wales or cannot

be found or does not act, and his absence or failure to act impedes the proper administration of the charity.

(4) The Commissioners may by order made of their own motion appoint a person to be a charity trustee—

(a) in place of a charity trustee removed by them

under this section or otherwise;

(b) where there are no charity trustees, or where by reason

of vacancies in their number or the absence or incapacity of any of their number the charity cannot apply for the appointment;

(c) where there is a single charity trustee, not being a cor-

poration aggregate, and the Commissioners are of opinion that it is necessary to increase the number for the proper administration of the charity;

1960

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

713

() where the Commissioners are of opinion that it is necessary for the proper administration of the charity to have an additional charity trustee, because one of the existing charity trustees who ought nevertheless to remain a charity trustee either cannot be found or does not act or is outside England and Wales.

(5) The powers of the Commissioners under this section to remove or appoint charity trustees of their own motion shall include power to make any such order with respect to the vesting in or transfer to the charity trustees of any property as the Commissioners could make on the removal or appointment of a charity trustee by them under section eighteen of this Act

(6) Any order under this section for the removal or appointment of a charity trustee or trustee for a charity, or for the vesting or transfer of any property, shall be of the like effect as an order made under section eighteen of this Act.

(7) Subsections (10) and (11) of section eighteen of this Act shall apply to orders under this section as they apply to orders under that, save that where the Commissioners have by order removed a trustee, charity trustee, officer, agent, or servant of a charity under the power conferred by subsection (l) of this section, an appeal against such an order may be brought by any person so removed without a certificate of the Commissioners and without the leave of one of the judges of the High Court attached to the Chancery Division.

(8) The power of the Commissioners under subsection (1) above to remove a trustee, charity trustee, officer, agent or servant of a charity shall include power to suspend him from the exercise of his office or employment pending the consideration of his removal (but not for a period longer than three months), and to make provision as respects the period of the suspension for matters arising out of it, and in particular for enabling any person to execute any instrument in his name or otherwise act for him and, in the case of a charity trustee, for adjusting any rules governing the proceedings of the charity trustees to take account of the reduction in the number capable of acting.

(9) Before exercising any jurisdiction under this section, the Commissioners shall give notice of their intention to do so to each of the charity trustees, except any that cannot be found or has no known address in the United Kingdom; and any such notice may be given by post and, if given by post, may be addressed to the recipient’s last known address in the United Kingdom.

(10) If any person contravenes an order under paragraph <iii) of subsection (1) above, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or to both; but no

z*

Part in

714

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part m

Publicity for proceedings under ss. 18 to 20.

proceedings for an offence punishable under this subsection shall be instituted except by or with the consent of the Commissioners.

(11) Notwithstanding subsection (8) of section three of this Act, paragraph (ii) of subsection (1) above shall apply to the Minister of Education as well as to the Commissioners.

(12) This section shall not apply to an exempt charity.

21.—(1) The Commissioners shall not make any order under this Act to establish a scheme for the administration of a charity, or submit such a scheme to the court or the Secretary of State for an order giving it effect, unless not less than one month previously there has been given public notice of their proposals, inviting representations to be made to them within a time specified in the notice, being not less than one month from the date of such notice, and, in the case of a scheme relating to a local charity in a rural parish (other than an ecclesiastical charity), a draft of the scheme has been communicated to the parish council or, in the case of a parish not having a parish council, to the chairman of the parish meeting.

(2) The Commissioners shall not make any order under this Act to appoint, discharge or remove a charity trustee or trustee for a charity (other than the official custodian for charities), unless not less than one month previously there has been given the like public notice as is required by subsection (1) above for an order establishing a scheme:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in the case of an order discharging or removing a trustee if the Commissioners are of opinion that it is unnecessary and not in his interest to give publicity to the proposal to discharge or remove him.

(3) Before the Commissioners make an order under this Act to remove without his consent a charity trustee or trustee for a charity, or an officer, agent or servant of a charity, the Commissioners shall, unless he cannot be found or has no known address in the United Kingdom, give him not less than one month’s notice of their proposal, inviting representations to be made to them within a time specified in the notice.

(4) Where notice is given of any proposals as required by subsections (1) to (3) above, the Commissioners shall take into consideration any representations made to them about the proposals within the time specified in the notice, and may (without further notice) proceed with the proposals either without modification or with such modifications as appear to them to be desirable.

(5) Where the Commissioners make an order which is subject to appeal under subsection (11) of section eighteen of this Act,

1960

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

715

the order shall be published either by giving public notice of it Part m or by giving notice of it to all persons entitled to appeal against it under that subsection, as the Commissioners think fit

(6) Where the Commissioners make an order under this Act to establish a scheme for the administration of a charity, a copy of the order shall, for not less than one month after the order is published, be available for public inspection at all reasonable times at the Commissioners’ office and also at some convenient place in the area of the charity, if it is a local charity.

(7) Any notice to be given under this section of any proposals or order shall give such particulars of the proposals or order, or such directions for obtaining information about them, as the Commissioners think sufficient and appropriate, and any public notice shall be given in such manner as they think sufficient and appropriate.

(8) Any notice to be given under this section, other than a public notice, may be given by post and, if given by post, may be addressed to the recipient’s last known address in the United Kingdom.

22.—(1) The court or the Commissioners may by order make Schemes to and bring into effect schemes (in this section referred to as establish " common investment schemes ") for the establishment of t

common investment funds under trusts which provide— |^ds

(a) for property transferred to the fund by or on behalf of a

charity participating in the scheme to be invested under the control of trustees appointed to manage the fund; and

(b) for the participating charities to be entitled (subject to

the provisions of the scheme) to the capital and income of the fund in shares determined by reference to the amount or value of the property transferred to it by or on behalf of each of them and to the value of the fund at the time of the transfers.

(2) The court or the Commissioners may make a common investment scheme on the application of any two or more charities.

(3) A common investment scheme may be made in terms admitting any charity to participate, or the scheme may restrict the right to participate in any manner.

(4) A common investment scheme may make provision for, and for all matters connected with, the establishment, investment, management and winding up of the common investment fund, and may in particular include provision—

Establishment of common investment funds

Z* 2

716

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 ELiz. 2

Part 111 (a) for remunerating persons appointed trustees to hold or

manage the fund or any part of it, with or without provision authorising a person to receive the remuneration notwithstanding that he is also a charity trustee of or trustee for a participating charity;

(b) for restricting the size of the fund, and for regulating

as to time, amount or otherwise the right to transfer property to or withdraw it from the fund, and for enabling sums to be advanced out of the fund by way of loan to a participating charity pending the withdrawal of property from the fund by the charity;

(c) for enabling income to be withheld from distribution

with a view to avoiding fluctuations in the amounts distributed, and generally for regulating distributions of income;

(d) for enabling moneys to be borrowed temporarily for the purpose of meeting payments to be made out of the fund;

(e) for enabling questions arising under the scheme as to the right of a charity to participate, or as to the rights of participating charities, or as to any other matter, to be conclusively determined by the decision of the trustees managing the fund or in any other manner;

(/) for regulating the accounts and information to be supplied to participating charities.

(5) A common investment scheme, in addition to the provision for property to be transferred to the fund on the basis that the charity shall be entitled to a share in the capital and income of the fund, may include provision for enabling sums to be deposited by or on behalf of a charity on the basis that (subject to the provisions of the scheme) the charity shall be entitled to repayment of the sums deposited and to interest thereon at a rate determined by or under the scheme; and where a scheme makes any such provision it shall also provide for excluding from the amount of capital and income to be shared between charities participating otherwise than by way of deposit such amounts (not exceeding the amounts properly attributable to the making of deposits) as are from time to time reasonably required in respect of the liabilities of the fund for the repayment of deposits and for the interest on deposits, including amounts required by way of reserve.

(6) A common investment scheme may provide for the assets of the common investment fund or any of them to be vested in the official custodian for charities, and, if made by the Commissioners or if they consent, may also appoint him or authorise him to be appointed trustee to manage the fund or any part of it, and as managing trustee he shall, subject to section three of

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

717

this Act, have the same powers, duties and liabilities as other managing trustees; but where a common investment scheme provides for the official custodian for charities to exercise any discretion with respect to the investment of the fund it shaft make provision for him to be advised by a committee of persons who have special experience of investment and finance or of the administration of trusts, or who represent or are nominated by bodies having that experience.

(7) Except in so far as a common investment scheme provides to the contrary, the rights under it of a participating charity shall not be capable of being assigned or charged, nor shall any trustee or other person concerned in the management of the common investment fund be required or entitled to take account of any trust or other equity affecting a participating charity or its property or rights.

(8) The powers of investment of every charity shall include power to participate in common investment schemes, unless the power is excluded by a provision specifically referring to common investment schemes in the trusts of the charity.

(9) A common investment fund shall be deemed for all purposes to be a charity, and the assets of the fund shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a permanent endowment, except that if the scheme establishing the fund admits to participation only charities not having a permanent endowment, the fund shall be treated as a charity not having a permanent endowment; and if the scheme admits only exempt charities, the fund shall be an exempt charity for the purposes of this Act.

(10) The persons managing a common investment fund shall not be treated for the purposes of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958, as carrying on the business of dealing in securities within the meaning of that Act, nor shall subsection (1) of section fourteen of that Act (which restricts the distribution of circulars relating to investments) prohibit the distribution or possession of any document by reason only that it contains an invitation or information relating to a common investment fund.

(11) Subsections (9) and (10) above shall apply not only to common investment funds established under the powers of this section, but also to any similar fund established for the exclusive benefit of charities by or under any enactment relating to any particular charities or class of charity.

(12) Notwithstanding subsection (8) of section three of this Act, subsection (6) above shall apply to schemes made by the Minister of Education as it applies to those made by the court

Part ID

718

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

Power to authorise dealings with charity property, etc.

Miscellaneous powers of Commissioners and Minister

23.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where it appears to the Commissioners that any action proposed or contemplated in the administration of a charity is expedient in the interests of the charity, they may by order sanction that action, whether or not it would otherwise be within the powers exercisable by the charity trustees in the administration of the charity; and anything done under the authority of such an order shall be deemed to be properly done in the exercise of those powers.

(2) An order under this section may be made so as to authorise a particular transaction, compromise or the like, or a particular application of property, or so as to give a more general authority, and (without prejudice to the generality of subsection

(1) above) may authorise a charity to use common premises, or employ a common staff, or otherwise combine for any purpose of administration, with any other charity.

(3) An order under this section may give directions as to the manner in which any expenditure is to be borne and as to other matters connected with or arising out of the action thereby authorised; and where anything is done in pursuance of an authority given by any such order, any directions given in connection therewith shall be binding on the charity trustees to the time being as if contained in the trusts of the charity:

Provided that any such directions may on the application of the charity be modified or superseded by a further order.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (3) above, the directions which may be given by an order under this section shall in particular include directions to meeting any expenditure out of a specified fund, to charging any expenditure to capital or to income, to requiring expenditure charged to capital to be recouped out of income within a specified period, for restricting the costs to be incurred at the expense of the charity, or for the investment of moneys arising from any transaction.

(5) An order under this section may authorise any act, notwithstanding that it is prohibited by any of the disabling Acts mentioned in subsection (6) below, or that the trusts of the charity provide for the act to be done by or under the authority of the court; but no such order shall authorise the doing of any act expressly prohibited by Act of Parliament other than the disabling Acts or by die trusts of the charity, or confer any authority in relation to a disused church as defined in that subsection, or shall extend or alter the purposes of the charity.

(6) The Acts referred to in subsection (5) above as the disabling Acts are the Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1571, the Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1572, the Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1575, and the Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1836; and in that sub-

1960

Cfiarities , 1960

Ch. 58

719

section "disused church" means a building which has been consecrated and of which the use or disposal is regulated, and can be further regulated, by a scheme having effect under the Union of Benefices Measures, 1923 to 1952, or the Reorganisation Areas Measures, 1944 and 1954, and extends to any land which under such a scheme is to be used or disposed of with a disused church, and for this purpose " building " includes part of a building.

24. —(1) The Commissioners may on the written application of any charity trustee give him their opinion or advice on any matter affecting the performance of his duties as such.

(2) A charity trustee or trustee for a charity acting in accordance with the opinion or advice of the Commissioners given under this section with respect to the charity shall be deemed, as regards his responsibility for so acting, to have acted in accordance with his trust, unless, when he does so, either—

(a) he knows or has reasonable cause to suspect that the opinion or advice was given in ignorance of material facts; or

(b) the decision of the court has been obtained on the matter or proceedings are pending to obtain one.

25. —(1) The Commissioners may provide books in which any deed, will or other document relating to a charity may be enrolled.

(2) The Commissioners may accept for safe keeping any document of or relating to a charity, and the charity trustees or other persons having the custody of documents of or relating to a charity (including a charity which has ceased to exist) may with the consent of the Commissioners deposit them with the Commissioners for safe keeping, except in the case of documents required by some other enactment to be kept elsewhere.

(3) Where a document is enrolled by the Commissioners or is for the time being deposited with them under this section, evidence of its contents may be given by means of a copy certified by any officer of the Commissioners generally or specially authorised by them to act for this purpose; and a document purporting to be such a copy shall be received in evidence without proof of the official position, authority or handwriting of the person certifying it or of the original document being enrolled or deposited as aforesaid.

(4) Regulations may make provision for such documents deposited with the Commissioners under this section as may be prescribed to be destroyed or otherwise disposed of after such period or in such circumstances as may be prescribed.

(5) Subsections (3) and (4) above shall apply to any document transmitted to the Commissioners under section seven of this Act and kept by them under subsection (3) of that section.

Part in

Power to advise charity trustees.

Powers for preservation of charity documents.

720

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part in

Power to order taxation of solicitor’s bill.

Powers for recovery or redemption of charity rentcharges.

as if the document had been deposited with them for safe keeping under this section.

26. —(1) The Commissioners may order that a solicitor’s bill of costs for business done for a charity, or for charity trustees or trustees for a charity, shall be taxed, together with die costs of the taxation, by a taxing officer in such division of the High Court as may be specified in the order, or by the taxing officer of any other court having jurisdiction to order the taxation of the bill.

(2) On any order under this section for the taxation of a solicitor’s bill the taxation shall proceed, and the taxing officer shall have the same powers and duties, and the costs of the taxation shall be borne, as if the order had been made, on the application of the person chargeable with the bill, by the court in which the costs are taxed.

(3) No order under this section for the taxation of a solicitor’s bill shall be made after payment of the bill, unless the Commissioners are of opinion that it contains exorbitant charges; and no such order shall in any case be made where the solicitor’s costs are not subject to taxation on an order of the High Court by reason either of an agreement as to his remuneration or of the lapse of time since payment of the bill

27. —(1) Where it appears to the Commissioners that a charity is entitled to receive a rentcharge issuing out of any land, or out of the rents, profits or other income of any land, they may take legal proceedings on behalf of the charity for recovering the rentcharge or compelling payment.

(2) Where a charity is entitled to receive a rentcharge issuing out of any land, the Commissioners may give to the estate owner in respect of the fee simple in the land (or, if the rentcharge is payable in respect of an estate for a term of years, then to the estate owner in respect of that estate) a notice to treat with the charity trustees for the redemption of the rent-charge.

(3) Where a notice to treat is given under subsection (2) above in respect of any land, and the rentcharge is still subsisting at the expiration of ten years from the date on which the notice is given, then (subject to the provisions of this section) the person who is then the estate owner in respect of the relevant estate in the land shall be liable to pay the redemption price to the charity or to the person entitled to receive it as trustee for the charity, and on payment or tender of the redemption price shall be entitled to a proper and effective release of the rentcharge (or, if he has so requested, a proper and effective transfer of it to a person nominated by him).

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

721

(4) For the purposes of subsection (3) above the redemption Part ui price for a rentcharge shall be such as may be determined in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury.

(5) Proceedings for the recovery of sums due under subsection

(3) above may be taken by the Commissioners on behalf of the charity.

(6) Where an estate owner of land liable to a rentcharge has by law or by contract any right of indemnity or contribution in respect of the rentcharge against any person or property, then on his redeeming the rentcharge in accordance with subsection (3) above he shall have the like right of indemnity or contribution in respect of the redemption price.

(7) For the purposes of the Land Charges Act, 1925, and of the Land Registration Act, 1925, a notice to treat under this section shall be treated as a land charge affecting the estate of the estate owner to whom it is given, and those Acts shall apply to the notice to treat as they apply to an estate contract.

(8) Where an estate owner of land liable to a rentcharge pays it through an agent, a notice to treat under this section, if given to the agent on behalf of the estate owner, shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to be given to the estate owner, notwithstanding that the agent’s authority from the estate owner does not extend to accepting the notice on his behalf.

(9) This section shall apply to any periodical payment other than rent incident to a reversion as it applies to a rentcharge.

Miscellaneous

28.—(1) Charity proceedings may be taken with reference to a Taking charity either by the charity, or by any of the charity trustees, or by any person interested in the charity, or by any two or more inhabitants of the area of the charity, if it is a local charity, but not by any other person.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, no charity proceedings relating to a charity (other than an exempt charity) shall be entertained or proceeded with in any court unless the taking of the proceedings is authorised by order of the Commissioners.

(3) The Commissioners shall not, without special reasons, authorise the taking of charity proceedings where in their opinion the case can be dealt with by them under the powers of this Act

(4) This section shall not require any order for the taking of proceedings in a pending cause or matter or for the bringing of any appeal.

722

Ch. 58

Charities , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part III

Restrictions on dealing with charity property.

(5) Where the foregoing provisions of this section require the taking of charity proceedings to be authorised by an order of the Commissioners, the proceedings may nevertheless be entertained or proceeded with if after the order had been applied for and refused leave to take the proceedings was obtained from one of the judges of the High Court attached to the Chancery Division.

(6) Nothing in the foregoing subsections shall apply to the taking of proceedings by the Attorney General, with or without a relator.

(7) Where it appears to the Commissioners, on an application for an order under this section or otherwise, that it is desirable for legal proceedings to be taken with reference to any charity (other than an exempt charity) or its property or affairs, and for the proceedings to be taken by the Attorney General, die Commissioners shall so inform the Attorney General, and send him such statements and particulars as they think necessary to explain the matter.

(8) In this section " charity proceedings " means proceedings in any court in England or Wales brought under the court’s jurist diction with respect to charities, or brought under the court’s jurisdiction with respect to trusts in relation to the administration of a trust for charitable purposes.

(9) The Charities Procedure Act, 1812, and so much of any local or private Act establishing or regulating a charity as relates to the persons by whom or the manner or form in which any charity proceedings may be brought shall cease to have effect

29.—(1) Subject to the exceptions provided for by this section, no property forming part of the permanent endowment of a charity shall, without an order of the court or of the Commissioners, be mortgaged or charged by way of security for the repayment of money borrowed, nor, in the case of land in England or Wales, be sold, leased or otherwise disposed of.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall apply to any land which is held by or in trust for a charity and is or has at any time been occupied for the purposes of the charity, as it applies to land forming part of the permanent endowment of a charity; but a transaction for which the sanction of an order under subsection (1) above is required by virtue only of this subsection shall, notwithstanding that it is entered into without such an order, be valid in favour of a person who (then or afterwards) in good faith acquires an interest in or charge on the land for money or money’s worth.

(3) This section shall apply notwithstanding anything in the trusts of a charity, but shall not require the sanction of an order—

1960

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

723

(a) for any transaction for which general or special authority Part in

is expressly given (without the authority being made subject to the sanction of an order) by any statutory provision contained in or having effect under an Act of Parliament or by any scheme legally established; or

(b) for the granting of a lease for a term ending not more

than twenty-two years after it is granted, not being a lease granted wholly or partly in consideration of a fine; or

(c) for any disposition of an advowson.

(4) This section shall not apply to an exempt charity, nor to any charity which is excepted by order or regulations.

30.—(1) Where a charity may be wound up by the High Court Charitable under the Companies Act, 1948, a petition for it to be wound companies, up under that Act by any court in England or Wales having jurisdiction may be presented by the Attorney General, as well as by any person authorised by that Act.

(2) Where a charity is a company or other body corporate, and has power to alter the instruments establishing or regulating it as a body corporate, no exercise of that power which has the effect of the body ceasing to be a charity shall be valid so as to affect the application of any property acquired under any disposition or agreement previously made otherwise than for full consideration in money or money’s worth, or of any property representing property so acquired, or of any property representing income which has accrued before the alteration is made, or of the income from any such property as aforesaid.

31.—(1) It shall not be lawful, without the consent of the Protection of Commissioners, to invite gifts in money or in kind to the funds expression of, or to any fund managed by, an institution which has the words " common good " in its name, other than a body corporate established by Royal charter, or to any fund described in or in connection with the invitation by a name which includes the words " common good " otherwise than as part of the name of such a body corporate.

(2) The words "common good" shall not, without the consent of the Commissioners, be used in the name of any institution established in England or Wales, other than a body corporate established by Royal charter.

(3) Any person contravening subsection (1) or (2) of this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

724

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Fjjz. 2

General obligation to keep accounts.

Manner of giving notice of charity meetings, etc.

Manner of

executing

instruments.

Part IV

Miscellaneous provisions as to charities and

THEIR AFFAIRS

32. —(1) Charity trustees shall keep proper books of account with respect to the affairs of the charity, and charity trustees not required by or under the authority of any other Act to prepare periodical statements of account shall prepare consecutive statements of account consisting on each occasion of an income and expenditure account relating to a period of not more than fifteen months and a balance sheet relating to the end of that period.

(2) The books of account and statements of account relating to any charity shall be preserved for a period of seven years at least, unless the charity ceases to exist and the Commissioners permit them to be destroyed or otherwise disposed of.

(3) The statements of account relating to a parochial charity in a rural parish, other than an ecclesiastical charity, shall be sent annually to the parish council or, if there is no parish council, to the chairman of the parish meeting, and shall be presented by the council or chairman at the next parish meeting.

This subsection shall apply in relation to a borough included in a rural district as if the borough were a rural parish, except as regards the presentation of the accounts to the parish meeting.

33. —(1) All notices which are required or authorised by the trusts of a charity to be given to a charity trustee, member or subscriber may be sent by post, and, if sent by post, may be addressed to any address given as his in the list of charity trustees, members or subscribers for the time being in use at the office or principal office of the charity.

(2) Where any such notice required to be given as aforesaid is given by post, it shall be deemed to have been given by the time at which the letter containing it would be delivered in the ordinary course of post.

(3) No notice required to be given as aforesaid of any meeting or election need be given to any charity trustee, member or subscriber, if in the list above mentioned he has no address in the United Kingdom.

34. —(1) Charity trustees may, subject to the trusts of the charity, confer on any of their body (not being less than two in number) a general authority, or an authority limited in such manner as the trustees think fit, to execute in the names and on behalf of the trustees assurances or other deeds or instruments for giving effect to transactions to which the trustees are a party; and any deed or instrument executed in pursuance of an authority so given shall be of the same effect as if executed by the whole body.

1960

Charities A1960

Ch. 58

725

(2) An authority under subsection (1) above— Part IV

(a) shall suffice for any deed or instrument if it is given

in writing or by resolution of a meeting of the trustees, notwithstanding the want of any formality that would be required in giving an authority apart from that subsection;

(b) may be given so as to make the powers conferred exercisable by any of the trustees, or may be restricted to named persons or in any other way;

(c) subject to any such restriction, and until it is revoked,

shall, notwithstanding any change in the charity trustees, have effect as a continuing authority given by and to the persons who from time to time are of their body.

(3) In any authority under this section to execute a deed or instrument in the names and on behalf of charity trustees there shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be implied authority also to execute it for them in the name and on behalf of the official custodian for charities or of any other person, in any case in which the charity trustees could do so.

(4) Where a deed or instrument purports to be executed in pursuance of this section. then in favour of a person who (then or afterwards) in good faith acquires for money or money’s worth an interest in or charge on property or the benefit of any covenant or agreement expressed to be entered into by the charity trustees, it shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly executed by virtue of this section.

(5) The powers conferred by this section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any other powers.

35.—(1) Where, under the trusts of a charity, trustees of Transfer and property held for the purposes of the charity may be appointed evidence or discharged by resolution of a meeting of the charity trustees, members or other persons, a memorandum declaring a trustee vested in to have been so appointed or discharged shall be sufficient trustees, evidence of that fact, if the memorandum is signed either at the meeting by the person presiding or in some other manner directed by the meeting, and is attested by two persons present at the meeting.

(2) A memorandum evidencing the appointment or discharge of a trustee under subsection (1) above, if executed as a deed, shall have the like operation under section forty of the Trustee Act, 1925 (which relates to vesting declarations as respects trust property in deeds appointing or discharging trustees), as if the appointment or discharge were effected by the deed.

726

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Euz.2

Part IV

Miscellaneous provisions as to evidence.

(3) For the purposes of this section, where a document purports to have been signed and attested as mentioned in subsection (1) above, then on proof (whether by evidence or as a matter of presumption) of the signature the document shall be presumed to have been so signed and attested, unless the contrary is shown.

(4) This section shall apply to a memorandum made at any time, except that subsection (2) shall apply only to those made after the commencement of this Act.

(5) This section shall apply in relation to any institution to which the Literary and Scientific Institutions Act, 1854, applies, as it applies in relation to a charity.

(6) The Trustee Appointment Act, 1850, the Trustee Appointment Act, 1869, the Trustees Appointment Act, 1890, and in so far as it applies any of those Acts the School Sites Act, 1852, shall cease to have effect; but where, at the commencement of this Act, the provisions of those Acts providing for the appointment of trustees apply in relation to any land, those provisions shall have effect as if contained in the conveyance or other instrument declaring the trusts on which the land is then held.

36.—(1) Where, in any proceedings to recover or compel payment of any rentcharge or other periodical payment claimed by or on behalf of a charity out of land or of the rents, profits or other income of land, otherwise than as rent incident to a reversion, it is shown that the rentcharge or other periodical payment has at any time been paid for twelve consecutive years to or for the benefit of the charity, that shall be prima facie evidence of the perpetual liability to it of the land or income, and no proof of its origin shall be necessary.

(2) In any proceedings, the following documents, that is to say —

(a) the printed copies of the reports of the Commissioners

for enquiring concerning charities, 1818 to 1837, who were appointed under the Act 58 Geo. 3. c. 91 and subsequent Acts; and

(b) the printed copies of the reports which were made for

various counties and county boroughs to the Charity Commissioners by their assistant commissioners and presented to the House of Commons as returns to orders of various dates beginning with the eighth day of December, eighteen hundred and ninety, and ending with the ninth day of September, nineteen hundred and nine;

shall be admissible as evidence of the documents and facts stated in them.

1960

Charities , 1960

Ch. 58

727

(3) Evidence of any order, certificate or other document issued Part IV by the Commissioners may be given by means of a copy retained by them, or taken from a copy so retained, and certified to be a true copy by any officer of the Commissioners generally or specially authorised by them to act for this purpose; and a document purporting to be such a copy shall be received in evidence without proof of the official position, authority or handwriting of the person certifying it.

37.—(1) Where trustees hold any property for the purposes of Parochial a public recreation ground, or of allotments (whether undercharities inclosure Acts or otherwise), for the benefit of inhabitants of a rural parish having a parish council, or for other charitable purposes connected with such a rural parish, except for an ecclesiastical charity, they may with the approval of the Commissioners and with the consent of the parish council transfer the property to the parish council or to persons appointed by the parish council; and the council or their appointees shall hold the property on the same trusts and subject to the same conditions as the trustees did.

This subsection shall apply to property held for any public purposes as it applies to property held for charitable purposes, and shall apply in relation to a borough included in a rural district as if the borough were a rural parish.

(2) Where the charity trustees of a parochial charity in a rural parish, not being an ecclesiastical charity nor a charity founded within the preceding forty years, do not include persons elected by the local government electors, ratepayers or inhabitants of the parish or appointed by the parish council or parish meeting, the parish council or parish meeting may appoint additional charity trustees, to such number as the Commissioners may allow; and if there is a sole charity trustee not elected or appointed as aforesaid of any such charity, the number of the charity trustees may, with the approval of the Commissioners, be increased to three of whom one may be nominated by the person holding the office of the sole trustee and one by the parish council or parish meeting.

This subsection shall apply in relation to a borough included in a rural district as if it were a rural parish (but with the omission of references to the parish meeting).

(3) Where, under the trusts of a charity other than an ecclesiastical charity, the inhabitants of a rural parish (whether in vestry or not) or a select vestry were formerly (in 1894) entitled to appoint charity trustees for, or trustees or beneficiaries of, the charity, then—

(a) in a parish having a parish council, the appointment shall be made by the parish council or, in the case of

728

Ch. 58

Charities Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

Part IV

beneficiaries, by persons appointed by the parish council; and

(b) in a parish not having a parish council, the appointment shall be made by the parish meeting.

(4) Where overseers as such or, except in the case of an ecclesiastical charity, churchwardens as such were formerly tin 1894) charity trustees of or trustees for a parochial charity in a rural parish, either alone or jointly with other persons, then instead of the former overseer or churchwarden trustees there shall be trustees (to a number not greater than that of the former overseer or churchwarden trustees) appointed by the parish council or, if there is no parish council, by the parish meeting.

(5) Where, outside the county of London, overseers of a parish as such were formerly tin 1927) charity trustees of or trustees for any charity, either alone or jointly with other persons, then instead of the former overseer trustees there shall be trustees (to a number not greater than that of the former overseer trustees) appointed—

(a) where the parish is a rural parish, by the parish council

or, if there is no parish council, by the parish meeting; and

(b) where the parish is an urban parish, but is comprised

in a borough included in a rural district, by the borough council; and

(c) where the parish is an urban parish not so comprised, by

the rating authority;

but, if in the case of an urban parish the area of the council making the appointment comprises other parishes also and is divided into wards for the election of councillors, the appointment shall be made on the nomination of the councillors for the ward or wards comprising the parish.

(6) Any appointment of a charity trustee or trustee for a charity which is made by virtue of this section shall be for a term of four years, but a retiring trustee shall be eligible for re-appointment:

Provided that—

(a) on an appointment under subsection (2), where no

previous appointments have been made by virtue of that subsection or of the corresponding provision of the Local Government Act, 1894, and more than one trustee is appointed, half of those appointed (or as nearly as may be) shall be appointed for a term of two years; and

(b) an appointment made to fill a casual vacancy shall be

for the remainder of the term of the previous appointment.

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

729

(7) This section shall not affect the trusteeship, control or Part rv management of any voluntary school within the meaning of the Education Act, 1944.

(8) The provisions of this section shall not extend to the Isles of Scilly, and shall have effect subject to any order (including any future order) made under any enactment relating to local government with respect to local government areas or the powers of local authorities.

(9) In this section the expression " formerly (in 1894) " relates to the period immediately before the passing of the Local Government Act, 1894, and the expression " formerly (in 1927) " to the period immediately before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven; and the word "former " shall be construed accordingly.

38.—(1) The Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888, the Repeal of tow Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1891, and the Mortmain of mortmain, and Charitable Uses Act Amendment Act, 1892, together with any enactments amending those Acts (and in particular section eighty-seven of the Education Act, 1944, and sections fourteen and four hundred and eight of the Companies Act, 1948) shall cease to have effect.

(2) No right or title to any property shall be defeated or impugned, and no assurance or disposition of property shall be treated as void or voidable, by virtue of any of the enactments mentioned in the foregoing subsection, or of any other enactment relating to mortmain, if at the passing of this Act the possession is in accordance with that right or title or with that assurance or disposition, and no step has been taken to assert a claim by virtue of any such enactment:

Provided that this subsection shall not validate any assurance or disposition so as to defeat a right or title acquired by adverse possession before the passing of this Act.

(3) The repeal by this Act of the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1891, shall have effect in relation to the wills of persons dying before the passing of this Act so as to abrogate any requirement to sell land then unsold, but not so as to enable effect to be given to a direction to lay out personal estate in land without an order under section eight of that Act or so as to affect the power to make such an order.

(4) Any reference in any enactment or document to a chanty within the meaning, purview and interpretation of the Charitable Uses Act, 1601, or of the preamble to it, shall be construed as a reference to a charity within the meaning which the word bears as a legal term according to the law of England and Wales.

(5) No repeal made by this Act shall affect any power to hold land in Northern Ireland without licence in mortmain; but (without prejudice to the general provision made later in this Act

730

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Elk. 2

Part IV

Repeal of

obsolete

enactments.

Miscellaneous provisions as to orders of Commissioners or Minister.

about the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) if that Parliament repeals any of the Acts relating to mortmain in Northern Ireland, then notwithstanding any enactment limiting the powers of that Parliament the repeal may extend to sections fourteen and four hundred and eight of the Companies Act, 1948, as they affect land in Northern Ireland, and to any corresponding enactments of that Parliament as those enactments affect land in Great Britain, and may also extend to any other enactment of the Parliament of the United Kingdom so far as it relates to holding land in mortmain in Northern Ireland.

39.—(1) The enactments specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act, being to the extent there specified in the third column obsolete or no longer required, shall to that extent cease to have effect and be hereby repealed.

(2) Where the trusts of a charity are at the commencement of this Act wholly or partly comprised in an enactment specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act, or in an instrument having effect under such an enactment, the operation of those trusts shall not be affected by the repeal of that enactment by this Act.

Part V Supplementary

40.—<1) Any order made by the Commissioners under this Act may include such incidental or supplementary provisions as the Commissioners think expedient for carrying into effect the objects of the order, and where the Commissioners exercise any jurisdiction to make such an order on an application or reference to them, they may insert any such provisions in the order notwithstanding that the application or reference does not propose their insertion.

(2) Where the Commissioners make an order under this Act, then (without prejudice to the requirements of this Act where the order is subject to appeal) they may themselves give such public notice as they think fit of the making or contents of the order, or may require it to be given by any person on whose application the order is made or by any charity affected by the order.

(3) The Commissioners at any time within twelve months after they have made an order under this Act, if they are satisfied that the order was made by mistake or on misrepresentation or otherwise than in conformity with this Act, may with or without any application or reference to them discharge the order in whole or in part, and subject or not to any savings or other transitional provisions.

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

731

(4) Except for the purposes of subsection (3) above or of an appeal under this Act, an order made by the Commissioners under this Act shall be deemed to have been duly and formally made and not be called in question on the ground only of irregularity or informality, but (subject to any further order) have effect according to its tenor.

(5) This section shall apply to orders made under any Act amended by this Act, if made by virtue of that amendment, as it applies to orders made under this Act

41. A person guilty of disobedience—

ia) to an order of the Commissioners under subsection (3) of section six or under section seven of this Act or to a precept under that subsection; or

(b) to an order of the Commissioners under section eighteen

or twenty of this Act requiring a transfer of property or payment to be called for or made; or

(c) to an order of the Commissioners requiring a default

under this Act to be made good;

may on the application of the Commissioners to the High Court be dealt with as for disobedience to an order of the High Court.

42. —(1) Provision shall be made by rules of court for regulating appeals to the High Court under this Act against orders or decisions of the Commissioners.

(2) On such an appeal the Attorney General shall be entitled to appear and be heard, and such other persons as the rules allow or as the court may direct

(3) Subsection (1) of section sixty-three of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, shall not apply to such an appeal in so far as it requires an appeal from any person to the High Court to be heard and determined by a divisional court

43. —(1) Save as otherwise provided by this Act, any power to make regulations which is conferred by this Act shall be exercisable both by the Secretary of State and by the Minister of Education.

(2) Regulations may be made for prescribing anything which is required or authorised by this Act to be prescribed.

(3) Any power of the Treasury, the Secretary of State or the Minister of Education to make regulations under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

Part V

Enforcement of orders of Commissioners or Minister.

Appeals from Commissioners or Minister.

Regulations.

732

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

Part V 44.—(1) There shall be defrayed out of monies provided by

Expenses. Parliament—

(a) the remuneration and allowances payable under this Act

to the Commissioners and to their officers and servants, and any increase attributable to a person’s service as a Commissioner or as such an officer or servant in the sums payable out of monies so provided under die Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950; and

(b) any administrative expenses incurred for the purposes

of this Act by the Secretary of State, the Minister of Education or the Commissioners.

(2) Any fees received by the Minister of Education or by the Commissioners under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) There shall also be defrayed out of monies provided by Parliament any increase in the sums payable out of monies so provided by way of rate-deficiency grant or exchequer equalisation grant under the enactments relating to local government in England and Wales or in Scotland, being an increase attributable to the expenditure under this Act of any council or joint board—

(a) in contributing to the expenses of inquiries instituted under this Act by the Commissioners or the Minister of Education in relation to charities; or (b)in or in connection with the establishment or maintenance of an index of local charities; or

(c) in carrying out or co-operating in a review of local charities.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall authorise the council of a borough which has been included in a rural district or of a rural parish to incur expenditure otherwise than in accordance with section one hundred and ninety-three of the Local Government Act, 1933, as amended.

Construction of references^ ' to a M charity *’ or to particular classes of charity.

45.—(1) In this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise requires,—

" charity " means any institution, corporate or not, which is established for charitable purposes and is subject to the control of the High Court in the exercise of the court's jurisdiction with respect to charities;

"ecclesiastical charity" has the same meaning as in the Local Government Act, 1894;

" exempt charity " means (subject to subsection (9) of section twenty-two of this Act) a charity comprised in the Second Schedule to this Act;

" local charity " means, in relation to any area, a charity established for purposes which are by their nature or by the trusts of the charity directed wholly or mainly to the benefit of that area or of part of it;

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

733

"parochial charity" means, in relation to any parish, a charity the benefits of which are, or the separate distribution of the benefits of which is, confined to inhabitants of the parish, or of a single ancient ecclesiastical parish which included that parish or part of it, or of an area consisting of that parish with not more than four neighbouring parishes.

(2) The expression " charity " is not in this Act applicable—

(a) to any ecclesiastical corporation (that is to say, any

corporation in the Church of England, whether sole or aggregate, which is established for spiritual purposes) in respect of the corporate property of the corporation, except to a corporation aggregate having some purposes which are not ecclesiastical in respect of its corporate property held for those purposes; or

(b) to any trust of property for purposes for which the property has been consecrated.

(3) Subject to subsection (9) of section twenty-two of this Act, a charity shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have a permanent endowment unless all property held for the purposes of the charity may be expended for those purposes without distinction between capital and income, and in this Act "permanent endowment " means, in relation to any charity, property held subject to a restriction on its being so expended.

(4) References in this Act to a charity not having income from property to a specified amount shall be construed by reference to the gross revenues of the charity, but without bringing into account anything for the yearly value of land occupied by the charity apart from the pecuniary income (if any) received from that land; and any question as to the application of any such reference to a charity shall be determined by the Commissioners, whose decision shall be final.

(5) The Commissioners may direct that for all or any of the purposes of this Act an institution established for any special purposes of or in connection with a charity (being charitable purposes) shall be treated as forming part of that charity or as forming a distinct charity.

(6) Any reference in this Act to a charity which is excepted by order or regulations shall be construed as referring to a charity which is for the time being permanently or temporarily excepted by order of the Commissioners, or is of a description permanently or temporarily excepted by regulations, and which complies with any conditions of the exception; and any order or regulation made for this purpose may limit any exception so that a charity may be excepted in respect of some matters and not in respect of others.

Part V

734

Ch. 58

Charities Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V

Other

definitions.

Powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland.

46. In this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise requires,—

" Attorney General " means, in relation to proceedings in the court of chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster, the Attorney General of the Duchy of Lancaster and, in relation to proceedings in the court of chancery of the county palatine of Durham, the Attorney General of the county palatine of Durham;

" charitable purposes " means purposes which are exclusively charitable according to the law of England and Wales;

"charity trustees" means the persons having the general control and management of the administration of a charity;

"the Commissioners" means the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales;

" the county of London " means the administrative county of London;

" the court " means the High Court and, within the limits of its jurisdiction, any other court in England or Wales having a jurisdiction in respect of charities concurrent iwithin any limit of area or amount) with that of the High Court, and includes any judge or officer of the court exercising the jurisdiction of the court;

" institution " includes any trust or undertaking;

" permanent endowment " shall, subject to subsection (9) of section twenty-two of this Act, be construed in accordance with subsection (3) of the last foregoing section;

" trusts," in relation to a charity, means the provisions establishing it as a charity and regulating its purposes and administration, whether those provisions take effect by way of trust or not, and in relation to other institutions has a corresponding meaning.

47. —(1) Subject to the following subsections, no limitation imposed by any enactment on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall preclude that Parliament from enacting provisions for purposes similar to any provision of this Act

(2) If any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland provides for the registration of institutions established for charitable purposes and for the determination by the High Court in Northern Ireland (on appeal or otherwise) of any question whether an institution ought to be or continue to be registered as an institution so established, the Act may provide for any purpose of the law of the United Kingdom or of any part of the United Kingdom that an institution so registered is to be treated as an institution established for charitable purposes; but, subject

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

735

to that, nothing in this section shall authorise the Parliament of Part V Northern Ireland to amend the law as respects any reserved tax.

(3) Nothing in this section shall authorise the provisions of any enactment to be altered by scheme made under an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland in any respect in which those provisions could not be altered by such an Act.

48.—(1) The enactments mentioned in the first column of Consequential the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall be amended as provided in amendments, the second column of that Schedule. repeal and

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section and to any other provision of this Act as to the effect of any repeal, p the enactments mentioned in the Seventh Schedule to this Act are (in addition to the repeals in the Fifth Schedule) hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of the Schedule.

(3) The Commissioners may take the like action under this Act in consequence of any application or enquiry under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1939, as if the application or enquiry had been made for the corresponding purpose under this Act; and subsections (3) to (5) of section twenty-five of this Act shall extend (with any necessary adaptations) to documents enrolled by the Commissioners or deposited with them under those Acts.

(4) The repeal by this Act of the Charitable Trusts Acts,

1853 to 1939, shall not invalidate any scheme, order, certificate or other document issued under or for the purposes of those Acts, so far as the document is capable after the commencement of this Act of having effect either for its original purpose or for any corresponding purpose of this Act; but any such documents shall continue to have effect for any such purpose (except in so far as they are modified or superseded under the powers of this Act), and shall in the case of an order be appeal-able, enforceable and liable to be discharged as if this Act had not been passed; and any such document, and any document under the seal of the official trustees of charitable funds, may be proved as if this Act had not been passed.

(5) The repeal by this Act of any enactment which authorises the taking of legal proceedings, or regulates any legal proceedings, shall not affect the operation of that enactment in relation to proceedings begun before the commencement of this Act, nor shall section twenty-eight of this Act apply to any proceeding so begun.

(6) The official custodian for charities shall be treated as the successor for all purposes both of the official trustee of charity lands and of the official trustees of charitable funds, as if the

736

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V

Short title, extent and commence meat

functions of the said trustee or trustees had been functions of the official custodian, and as if any such trustee or trustees had been, and had discharged his or their functions as, holder of the office of the official custodian; and accordingly (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, and subject to any express amendment or repeal made by this Act) as from the commencement of this Act—

(a) all property vested in the said trustee or trustees shall

vest in the official custodian, and shall be held by him as if vested in him under section sixteen of this Act for the purposes for which it was held by the said trustee or trustees; and

(b) any Act, scheme, deed or other document referring or

relating to the said trustee or trustees shall, in so far as the context permits, have effect as if the official custodian had been mentioned instead.

(7) The specific provisions of this Act as to the effect of any repeal shall not be taken to exclude the general provisions contained in section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, except in so far as those general provisions are inconsistent with the specific provisions in this Act.

49.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Charities Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall extend—

(a) to Scotland and Northern Ireland in so far as it amends

the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957, or extends the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland; and

(b) to Scotland in so far as Part II of the Seventh Schedule

repeals any enactment having any application in Scotland; and

(c) to Northern Ireland in so far as it relates to the amend-

ment of Royal Charters;

but, subject to that, this Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

(3) The following provisions of this Act shall come into force on the date it is passed, that is to say, section one with the First Schedule, section thirty-eight with the repeals in Part II of the Seventh Schedule, and section forty-seven; but, save as aforesaid, this Act shall not come into force until the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

1960

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

737

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Constitution, etc., of Charity Commissioners

Section 1.

1. —(1) There shall be a Chief Charity Commissioner, and two other commissioners.

(2) Two at least of the commissioners shall be barristers or solicitors.

(3) Subject to sub-paragraph (6) below, the chief commissioner and the other commissioners shall be appointed by the Secretary of State, and shall be deemed for all purposes to be employed in the civil service of the Crown.

(4) There may be paid to each of the commissioners such salary and allowances as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

(5) If at any time it appears to the Secretary of State that there should be more than three commissioners, he may with the approval of the Treasury appoint not more than two additional commissioners.

(6) Any person holding office as paid commissioner at the passing of this Act shall be entitled to continue in that office on the same conditions as if this Act had not been passed.

2. —(1) The chief commissioner may, with the approval of the Treasury as to number and conditions of service, appoint such assistant commissioners and other officers and such servants as he thinks necessary for the proper discharge of the functions of the Commissioners and of the official custodian for charities.

(2) There may be paid to officers and servants so appointed such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may determine.

(3) Any secretary of the Commissioners holding office on the appointment of Her Majesty at the passing of this Act shall be entitled to continue in that office without re-appointment.

3. -—(l) The Commissioners may use an official seal for the authentication of documents, and their seal shall be officially and judicially noticed.

(2) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as amended by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall have effect as if in the Schedule to the Act of 1868 the Commissioners were included in the first column and any commissioner or assistant commissioner and any officer authorised to act on behalf of the Commissioners were mentioned in the second column.

(3) The Commissioners shall have power to regulate their own procedure and, subject to any such regulations and to any directions of the chief commissioner, any one commissioner or any

2 A

738

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Euz.2

1st Sch.

Sections 4 & 45.

assistant commissioner may act for and in the name of the Commissioners.

(4) Where the Commissioners act as a board, two shall be a quorum; and in the case of an equality of votes the chief commissioner or in his absence the commissioner presiding shall have a second or casting vote.

(5) The Commissioners shall have power to act notwithstanding any vacancy in their number.

4. Legal proceedings may be instituted by or against the Commissioners by the name of the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, and shall not abate or be affected by any change in the persons who are the commissioners.

SECOND SCHEDULE Exempt Charities

The following institutions, so far as they are charities, are exempt charities within the meaning of this Act, that is to say—

(a) any institution which, if this Act had not been passed, would be exempted from the powers and jurisdiction under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1939, of the Commissioners or Minister of Education (apart from any power of the Commissioners or Minister to apply those Acts in whole or in part to charities otherwise exempt) by the terms of any enactment not contained in those Acts other than section nine of the Places of Worship Registration Act, 1855;

(b) the universities of Oxford, Cambridge, London and Durham,

the colleges and halls in the universities of Oxford, Cambridge and Durham and the colleges of Winchester and Eton;

(c) any university, university college, or institution connected with a university or university college, which Her Majesty declares by Order in Council to be an exempt charity for the purposes of this Act;

() the British Museum;

(e) any institution which is administered by or on behalf of an

institution included above and is established for the general purposes of, or for any special purpose of or in connection with, the last-mentioned institution;

(f) the Church Commissioners and any institution which is

administered by them;

(g) any registered society within the meaning of the Industrial

and Provident Societies Act, 1893, and any registered society or branch within the meaning of the Friendly Societies Act. 1896.

i960

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

739

THIRD SCHEDULE

Enlargement of Areas of Local Charities

Section IS.

Existing area Permissible enlargement

1. The county of London... Any area comprising the county of London.

2. Any area in the county of London and not in, or partly in, the city of London. (i) Any area in the county of London and not in, or partly in, the city of London; (ii) the area of the county of London, exclusive of the city of London; (iii) any area comprising the area of the county of London, exclusive of the city of London; (iv) any area partly in the county of London and partly in any adjacent parish or parishes (civil or ecclesiastical), and not partly in the city of London.

3. A borough Any area comprising the borough.

4. Any area in a borough ... (i) Any area in the borough; (ii) the borough; (iii) any area comprising the borough; (iv) any area partly in the borough and partly in any adjacent pansh or parishes (civil or ecclesiastical).

5. A parish (civil or ecclesiastical), or two or more parishes, or an area in a parish, or partly in each of two or more parishes. Any area not extending beyond the parish or parishes comprising or adjacent to the area in column 1.

2 A 2

740

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section IS.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Court’s Jurisdiction over Certain Charities Governed

BY OR UNDER STATUTE

1. The court may 'by virtue of subsection (3) of section fifteen of this Act exercise its jurisdiction with respect to charities—

(a) in relation to charities established or regulated by any provision of the Seamen's Fund Winding-up Act, 1851, which is repealed by this Act;

(b) in relation to charities established or regulated by schemes under the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 to 1948, or section seventy-five of the Elementary Education Act, 1870;

(c) in relation to allotments regulated by sections three to nine of the Poor Allotments Management Act, 1873;

() in relation to fuel allotments, that is to say, land which, by any enactment relating to inclosure or any instrument having effect under such an enactment, is vested in trustees upon trust that the land or the rents and profits of the land shall be used for the purpose of providing poor persons with fuel;

(e) in relation to charities established or regulated by any

provision of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1883, which is repealed by this Act, or by any scheme having effect under any such provision;

(/) in relation to charities regulated by schemes under the London Government Act, 1899;

(g) in relation to charities established or regulated by orders or regulations under section two of the Regimental Charitable Funds Act, 1935;

(h) in relation to charities regulated by section thirty-seven of this Act, or by any such order as is mentioned in that section.

2. Notwithstanding anything in section nineteen of the Commons Act, 1876, a scheme for the administration of a fuel allotment (within the meaning of the foregoing paragraph) may provide—

(a) for the sale or letting of the allotment or any part thereof, for the discharge of the land sold or let from any restrictions as to the use thereof imposed by or under any enactment relating to inclosure and for the application of the sums payable to the trustees of the allotment in respect of the sale or lease; or

(b) for the exchange of the allotment or any part thereof for

other land, for the discharge as aforesaid of the land given in exchange by the said trustees, and for the application of any money payable to the said , trustees for equality of exchange; or

(c) for the use of the allotment or any part thereof for any

purposes specified in die scheme.

1960

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

741

FIFTH SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed as Obsolete

Session and Chapter 1 | Short Title Extent of Repeal

33 Hen. 8. The Leases by Corpora- The whole Act

c. 27. tions Act, 1541.

1 Edw. 6. c. 14. The Dissolution of Colleges Act 1547. The whole Act

13 Eliz. 1. The Ecclesiastical Leases In section two, the words

c. 10. Act, 1571. " master or guardian of any hospital " and the word "hospital ".

14 Eliz. 1. The Hospitals for the The whole Act

c. 14. Poor Act 1572.

39 Eliz. 1. The Hospitals for the The whole Act

c.5. Poor Act, 1597.

2 & 3 Anne The Queen Anne’s Bounty Section one.

c. 20. Act, 1703.

9 Geo. 2. The Charitable Uses Act, Section five.

c. 36. 1735.

52 Geo. 3. The Charitable Donations The whole Act

c. 102. Registration Act 1812.

1 A 2 Will. 4. c. 60. The Vestries Act 1831. Section thirty-nine.

2 A 3 Will. 4. The Charities Procedure Section three.

c. 57. Act, 1832.

6 A 7 WOl. 4. The Ecclesiastical Com- Sections one to eight.

c. 77. missioners Act 1836.

3 & 4 Vict. The Grammar Schools The whole Act.

c. 77. Act 1840.

7 & 8 Vict The Nonconformists The whole Act but without

c. 45. Chapels Act, 1844. prejudice to the operation of section two as it applies to charities taking effect before the commencement of that Act

14 & 15 Vict The Seamen's Fund The whole Act

c. 102. Winding-up Act 1851.

18 & 19 Vict The Metropolis Manage- Section one hundred and

c. 120. ment Act 1855. ninety-nine.

22 Vict c. 27. The Recreation Grounds Act 1859. The whole Act

23 & 24 Vict The Endowed Schools The whole Act

c. 11. Act 1860.

23 & 24 Vict The Roman CathoUc The whole Act, but without

c. 134. 1 Charities Act. prejudice to the operation of section five as it applies to charities taking effect before the commencement of that Act.

Section 39.

742

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

5th Sch.

Session and Chapter

32 & 33 Vict c. 56.

33 & 34 Vict c. 75.

36 & 37 Vict c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict

3*'&739 Vict c. 29.

45 & 46 Vict c. 80.

46 & 47 Vict c. 18.

59 & 60 Vict c. 25.

62 & 63 Vict c. 14.

8 Edw. 7. c. 39.

Short Title

The Endowed Schools Act 1869.

The Elementary Education Act, 1870.

The Endowed Schools Act 1873.

The Endowed Schools Act 1874.

The Endowed Schools (Vested Interests) Act Continuance Act 1875.

The Allotments Extension Act 1882.

The Municipal Corporations Act 1883.

The Friendly Societies Act 1896.

The London Government Act 1899.

The Endowed Schools (Masters) Act 1908.

Extent of Repeal

Paragraph (3) of section eight; section thirteen; section twenty-seven; section thirty; section thirty-two from M subject * onwards; section forty-two; section fifty-two; section fifty-five from "and* onwards.

Section seventy-five.

Section three.

Section ^ix.

The whole Act

The whole Act, except section six.

In section three, paragraph (b) of subsection (1) and subsection (2); subsection (2) of section four; sections eight to eleven; in section twelve, the words " or the Charity Commissioners*, the words M and Charity Commissioners * and the words44 and charities respectively*; section fourteen to the words 44scheme; and*; section twenty; in section twenty-seven the definition of 44official trustees*.

Subsection (3) of section forty-seven.

Subsections (4) to (6) of section twenty-three.

The whole Act

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

743

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Section 48.

Consequential Amendments

Enactment amended, and subject matter

Amendment

The Places of Worship Registration Act, 1855—

Section nine (exemption from Charitable Trusts Acts).

For the words from "wholly freed" onwards there shall be substituted the words " excepted under subsection (4) of section four of the Charities Act, 1960, from registration under that section; and where a building recorded and used as aforesaid is so excepted, there shall be excepted with it—

(a) any forecourt, yard, garden, burial ground, vestry, or caretaker’s house, in respect of situation connected with, and held upon the same trusts as, the building so recorded; and

(b) any Sunday-school house or other land or building which is certified by an order of the Charity Commissioners, made upon the application of one or more of the charity trustees, to be held upon the same trusts as the building so recorded or upon the like trusts, and to be in respect of situation so connected with or held or used in con-

The Charitable Trustees Incor-

nection with that building that it cannot conveniently be separated from that building.

In this section * building * includes part of a building."

poration Act, 1872—

Section two (estate to vest in body corporate).

The Schedule (applications for incorporation).

The National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888-Subsection (2) of section twenty-eight (orders of Commissioners as to questions arising out of conversion or exchange).

For the words "except as hereinafter provided " there shall be substituted the words " except that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to property vested in the official custodian for charities ".

The words "and ‘registered’" shall be omitted.

For the words " subject to the provisions of the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1887," there shall be substituted the words " not being an exempt charity within the meaning of the Charities Act, 1960".

744

Ch. 58

Charities Act, 1960

8 & 9 ELiz. 2

Enactment amended, and subject matter

Amendment

6th Sch.

The Public Libraries Act, 1892— Subsection (2) of section sixteen (agreements for use of charity library as public library).

The Copyhold Act, 1894— Sections seventy-six and seventy-seven (enfranchisement money payable to charities or corporations).

The Open Spaces Act, 1906— Subsection (1) of section four (transfer by charity trustees of open space to local authority).

The Land Registration Act, 1925-

Section ninety-eight (land subject to charitable trusts).

The Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927-

Section twenty-four (application to charity lands).

The Administration of Justice Act, 1928-Subsection (1) of section fifteen (transfer of funds in court to official trustees of charitable funds).

For the words " funds subject to the jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners " there shall be substituted the words " funds of a charity other than an exempt charity within the meaning of the Charities Act, 1960 ".

Section seventy-six, and in section seventy-seven the words " within the meaning of the Charitable Trusts Act, 1853, and the Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855," shall be omitted; and these amendments shall apply to the said sections seventy-six and seventy-seven as applied by subsection (4) of section one hundred and thirty-eight or subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty-nine of the Law of Property Act, 1922.

For the words "and where the open space is subject to the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1894, with such authority or approval as is required by those Acts for a sale of the open space and in other cases in pursuance of an order of the court " there shall be substituted the words " and with the sanction of an order of the Charity Commissioners or with that of an order of the court ".

For the words " official trustee of charity lands " there shall be substituted the words " official custodian for charities ".

In subsection (4), for the words " official trustee of charity lands " there shall be substituted the words " official custodian for charities " and for the words " official trustee " there shall be substituted the word "custodian ".

The words " subject to the jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners or of the Board of Education" shall be omitted, and for the words " official trustees of charitable funds " there shall in both places be substituted the words "official custodian for charities ".

1960

Charities Act, 1960

Ch. 58

745

Enactment amended, and subject matter 6th Sch. Amendment

The Local Government Act, 1933- Section one hundred and sixty* nine (power of parish council to let land). For the words from " with such consent or approval* to "charity estates* there shall be substituted the words " with the sanction of an order of the Charity Commissioners *, and in the proviso for the words "no consent or approval * there shall be substituted in the first place the words " no order or consent * and in the second place the words " no order *.

Section one hundred and seventy (power of parish council to sell or exchange land). In subsection (1), for the words " without such consent or approval as is required under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1925, as amended by the Board of Education Act, 1899 * there shall be substituted the words " without the sanction of an order of the Charity Commissioners *; and in subsection (2), for the words " the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1925, as amended by the Board of Education Act, 1899 * there shall be substituted the words " the Charities Act, 1960 *.

The War Charities Act, 1940— Section five (powers of Charity Commissionen). In subsection (2), for paragraphs (ii) and (iii) there shall be substituted— " (ii) order any money or securities held on behalf of the charity to be paid or transferred to the official custodian for charities as in a case falling within subsection (1) of section twenty of the Charities Act, 1960; "(iii) establish a scheme for the regulation of the charity as in a case falling within section eighteen of that Act, but without the necessity of any application or reference being made to them for the purpose*; and in subsection (5) for the words from "under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1939* onwards there shall be substituted the words "in relation to charities under the Charities Act, 1960, and that Act shall apply accordingly *.

2 A*

746

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

6th Sch.

Enactment amended, and subject matter

The Income Tax Act, 1952— The Eighth Schedule (machinery for collection etc. of tax under Schedule C).

The Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954-Section thirty-three (exclusion from Rent Acts of certain lettings).

The Administration of Justice Act, 1956-Subsection (1) of section fifty-two (transfer of funds in court to official trustees of charitable funds).

The Cathedrals Measure, 1931— Section twenty-six (exclusion of charities, except as determined by Charity Commissioners).

The New Parishes Measure, 1943-

Section fourteen (power of corporations etc. to give or grant land for sites of churches etc.).

Section thirty-one (saving for charities).

56

Amendment

For paragraph 8 of Part I there shall be substituted—

*8. No deduction of tax under this Part of this Schedule shall be made from any dividends payable in respect of stock, securities or annuities standing in the name of the official custodian for charities, nor from any dividends in respect of which there is given to the Bank of England a certificate from the Charity Commissioners that the dividends are subject only to charitable trusts and are exempt from

In subsection (1), in paragraph (), for the words from "subject" onwards there shall be substituted the words " a charity within the meaning of the Charities Act, 1960 ".

The words " subject to the jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners or of the Minister of Education " shall be omitted, and for the words " official trustees of charitable funds" there shall be substituted the words " official custodian for charities ".

For the words from " any charity " to " 1889 " there shall be substituted the words " any charity within the meaning of the Charities Act, 1960, or endowment of such a charity ".

At the end of paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) there shall be added the words " but (except in the case of an exempt charity within the meaning of the Charities Act, 1960) only with the sanction of an order of the Charity Commissioners ".

For the words from " to deal with any endowment " onwards there shall be substituted the words " to deal with any endowment belonging to a charity within the meaning of the Charities Act, 1960, except with the consent of the Charity Commissioners or Minister of Education ".

1960

Charities , 1960

Ch. 58

747

Enactment amended, and subject matter Amendment

The Re-organisation Areas Measure, 1944-Section forty-eight (saving for charities). For the words from " to deal with any endowment ’* onwards there shall be substituted the words " to deal with any endowment belonging to a charity within the meaning of the Charities Act, 1960, except with the consent of the Charity Commissioners or Minister of Education *.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE Section 48.

Enactments Repealed as Superseded Part I Principal Repeals A. Acts of Parliament

Session and

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

Chapter

14Eliz. l. c. 11

52 Geo. 3.

c. 101.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 20.

The Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1572.

The Charities Procedure Act, 1812.

In section five the words " masters or guardians of any hospital " and the words " and hospitals '*. The whole Act

The Ecclesiastical The words " nor any master or Leases Act, 1836. guardian of any hospital * in

section one, and the words Mor hospital* and the words

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 64.

13 & 14 Vict c. 28.

14 & 15 Vict c. 56.

16 & 17 Vict c. 137.

17 & 18 Vict c. 112.

18 & 19 Vict c. 124.

23 & 24 Vict, c. 136.

The Ecclesiastical Leases (Amendment) Act 1836.

The Trustee Appointment Act, 1850.

The Charities (Service of Notice) Act 1851.

The Charitable Trusts Act 1853.

The Literary and Scientific Institutions Act 1854.

The Charitable Trusts Amendment Act 1855.

The Charitable Trusts Act 1860.

* master or guardian ", wherever occurring in sections one, two, four and five.

In section one, the words " master or guardian *, in both places.

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act.

Section twelve.

The whole Act The whole Act

2 A* 2

Ch. 58

Charities Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

25 & 26 Vict The Charitable Trusts The whole Act

c. 112. Act 1862.

32 & 33 Vict. The Trustee Appoint- The whole Act

c. 26. ment Act 1869.

32 at 33 Vict The Endowed Schools Section twenty-eight; section

c. 56. Act 1869. thirty-six from 44and submit* onwards; section thirty-seven; paragraph (2) of section thirty-nine; in section forty the words from " submit * to " The Committee may*, and the word 44 such section forty-nine.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict The Charitable Trusts The whole Act

c. 110. Act 1869.

33 & 34 Vict The Elementary Educa- The whole Act so far as not

c. 75. tion Act 1870. otherwise repealed.

35 & 36 Vict The Charitable Trustees Section two from M Provided

c. 24. Incorporation Act, always * onwards; in the

1872. Schedule, the words M and 4 Registered*.

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict The Poor Allotments Section sixteen.

c. 19. Management Act, 1873.

36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict The Endowed Schools Section ten; section thirteen to

c. 87. Act 1873. the word 44 apply *; section sixteen.

37 & 38 Vict The Endowed Schools The whole Act so far as not

c. 87. Act 1874. otherwise repealed.

45 & 46 Vict The Prison Charities The whole Act

c. 65. Act 1882.

50 & 51 Vict The Charitable Trusts The whole Act

c. 49. Act 1887.

51 & 52 Vict The Local Government In section three, in paragraph (xv).

c. 41. Act 1888. the words 44 the registration of charitable gifts under the Charitable Donations Registration Act 1812*.

52 & 53 Vict The Palatine Court of Section nine.

c. 47. Durham Act 1889.

53 & 54 Vict The Trustees Appoint- The whole Act

c. 19. ment Act 1890.

54 & 55 Vict The Charitable Trusts The whole Act.

c. 17. (Recovery) Act, 1891.

55 & 56 Vict The Charity Inquiries The whole Act

c. 15. (Expenses) Act 1892.

56 & 57 Vict The Local Government Section fourteen; paragraph (5)

C. 73. Act, 1894. of section nineteen, so far as unrepealed; subsection (4) of section fifty-two.

57 & 58 Vict The Charitable Trusts The whole Act.

c. 35. (Places of Religious Worship) Amendment Act, 1894.

1960

Charities , 1960

Ch. 58

749

Session and

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

Chapter

57 & 58 Vict c. 46.

59 & 60 Vict c. 35.

8 Edw. 7. c. 36

The Copyhold Act 1894.

The Judicial Trustees Act 1896.

The Small Holdings and Allotments Act,

4 A 5 Geo. 5. c. 56.

8 A 9 Geo. 5. c. 39.

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 65.

15 A16 Geo. 5. c. 18.

1908.

The Charitable Trusts Act 1914.

The Education Act,

1918.

The Welsh Church (Temporalities) Act

1919.

The Settled Land Act 1925.

15 A16 Geo. 5.

c. 27.

18 A19 Geo. 5. c. 26.

The Charitable Trusts Act 1925.

The Administration of Justice Act 1928.

Section seventy-six; in section seventy-seven, the words from "within" to " 1855".

In section six, subsection (2) from " whether " onwards.

Subsection (2) of section thirty-three.

The whole Act

Section forty-five.

Subsection (1) of section seven, from " except " onwards.

In section twenty-nine, in subsection (2), the words "the official trustee of charity lands or any other" and the words "official trustee or other", and in subsection (5) the words " including the official trustee of charity lands ".

The whole Act

In section fifteen, in subsection (1), the words "subject to the jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners or of the Board of Education ".

25 A 26 Geo. 5. c. 11.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 63.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 26.

10 All Geo.6. c. 44.

11 A12 Geo.6. c. 40.

14 A15 Geo. 6. c. 39.

The Regimental Charitable Funds Act, 1935.

The Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1938.

The Charities (Fuel Allotments) Act 1939.

The Crown Proceedings Act 1947.

The Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948.

The Common Informers Act 1951.

Subsection (3) of section two.

In section fifteen, paragraph (a) of subsection (4).

The whole Act

In section twenty-three, in subsection (3), paragraph () and the word "educational " in paragraph (e).

Section one.

In the Schedule, the reference to the Leases by Corporations Act 1541.

4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 46.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

The Administration of Justice Act 1956.

The House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957.

In section fifty-two, in subsection (1), the words "subject to the jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners or of the Minister of Education ".

In Part m of the First Schedule, the entry beginning "Charity Commissioner".

7th Sea.

750

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The Parish Councils Section eleven.

c. 42. Act, 1957.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The County Courts In section two hundred and five,

c. 22. Act, 1959. paragraph (a) of subsection (5).

B. Church Assembly Measures

Session and Short Title Extent of Repeal

Number

lO&llGeo. 6. The Church Commis- Subsection (3) of section eight.

No. 2. sioners Measure, 1947.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Church Funds In- Subsection (2) of section five,

No. 1. vestment Measure, 1958. from " except " onwards.

C. Orders in Council

Year and Number Short Title Extent of Repeal

.R.&O. 1900 No. 600. The Board of Education (Powers) Order in Council, 1900. The whole Order.

.R.&O. 1901 No. 587. The Board of Education (Powers) Order in Council, 1901. The whole Order.

.R.&O. 1902 No. 647. The Board of Education (Powers) Order in Council, 1902. The whole Order.

.R.AO. 1927 The Overseers Order, Articles 9 to 11; in Article 12,

No. 55. 1927. in paragraph (5), the words 44 the Board of Education or the Charity Commissioners

.I. 1949 No. 1845. The Minister of Education (Transfer of Functions) Order, 1949. The whole Order.

.I. 1950 No. 520. The Minister of Education (Transfer of Functions) (Removal of Doubt) Order, 1950. The whole Order.

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

751

Part II Mortmain Repeals A. Acts of Parliament

7th Sch.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

18 Edw. 1. Stat. 1.

17 Car. 2. c. 3

29 Car. 2. c. 8

The Statute of Westminster the Third (Quia Emptores).

The Augmentation of Benefices Act, 1665. The Augmentation of Benefices Act, 1677.

Section three, to the words " of late*.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

In section one the words " the statute of mortmain or* and the word * other * where next

2 & 3 Anne c. 20.

42 Geo. 3. c. 116.

The Queen Anne*s Bounty Act, 1703. The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1802.

43 Geo.

c. 107. 43 Geo. c. 108.

3. The Queen Anne’s Bounty Act, 1803.

3. The Gifts for Churches Act, 1803.

51 Geo. 3. c. 115.

The Gifts for Churches Act, 1811.

55 Geo. c. 147.

3.

The Glebe Exchange Act, 1815.

7 Geo. c. 16.

4.

The Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals Act, 1826.

7 Geo. 4.

c. 66.

2*3 Will. 4.

c. 115.

4 & 5 Vict c. 39.

The Clergy Residence Act 1826.

The Roman Catholic Charities Act, 1832. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act 1841.

7 & 8 Vict c. 37.

12 & 13 Vict c. 49.

The School Sites Act. 1844.

The School Sites Act 1849.

occurring.

The whole Act so far as not otherwise repealed.

In section nine the words " statutes of mortmain or other*; section fifty; sections one hundred and sixty-one and one hundred and sixty-two.

The preamble and section one.

Sections one to three; section four from " and such last-mentioned person * onwards.

The preamble; in section one the words from " and such person *’ to "mortmain or* except the word "notwithstanding*, and the words from "or to alter* onwards; in section two, the words " statute prohibiting any alienation in mortmain or other *.

In section one, the words from " without any licence ’’ to " notwithstanding *; section four; section five; section six from " without any licence* onwards.

In section forty-four, the words " the statutes of mortmain or *’ and the word "other* where next occurring.

Section one from " without any licence ’* to " notwithstanding *.

Section five.

In section thirteen, the words from "the statutes of mortmain* to "notwithstanding*, and the words " of holding in mortmain *.

Section three.

In section four, the words from "and such* to "thereof*.

752

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 &9Euz.2

7th Sch.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

17 & 18 Vict

c. 112.

21 & 22 Vict c. 57.

26 A27

c. 106.

26 & 27 c. 120.

28 A 29 c. 89.

29 A 30 c. 111.

Vict

Vict

Vict

Vict

29 & 30 Vict c. 122.

30 & 31 Vict c. 133.

31 & 32 Vict c. 118.

32 & 33 Vict c. 58.

33 & 34 Vict c. 34.

33 & 34 Vict c. 39.

35 & 36 Vict c. 24.

36 & 37 Vict c. 50.

38 & 39 Vict c. 34.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 68.

39 & 40 Vict c. 54.

39 & 40 Vict c. 56.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 48.

41 & 42 Vict c. 68.

50 & 51 Vict c. 12.

The Literary and Scientific Institutions Act 1854.

The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858.

The Charity Lands Act 1863.

The Lord Chancellor’s Augmentation Act The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1866.

The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866. The Consecration of Churchyards Act,

1867.

The Public Schools Act

1868.

The Public Schools Act 1869.

The Charitable Funds Investment Act 1870. The Church Patronage Act, 1870.

The Charitable Trustees Incorporation Act, 1872.

The Places of Worship Sites Act 1873.

The Bishopric of St. Albans Act 1875.

The Department of Science and Art Act

1875.

The Bishopric of Truro Act 1876.

The Commons Act

1876.

The Universities of Oxford and Cambridge Act 1877.

The Bishoprics Act 1878.

The Truro Bishopric and Chapter Acts Amendment Act 1887.

Section fourteen.

In section two, the words from " the statute of mortmain " to " notwithstanding ".

The whole Act

In section twenty, the words " without licence in mortmain."

Section forty-three.

In section nine the words "and hold without licence in mortmain ".

Section thirty-one.

Section four from " and such conveyance " onwards.

In section five the words " with power to hold land for the purposes of the school without licence of mortmain ".

Section two from "and with" onwards.

The whole Act

Section one from " and provided" onwards.

In section one the words "notwithstanding the statutes of mortmain ".

Section four, from " One witness " onwards.

In section thirteen, the words " and may hold such land without any license in mortmain

The whole Act

In section eight, the words " and may hold such land without any license in mortmain ".

In section eight, the words " without license in mortmain Section sixty.

Section two from " Such contributions mayM onwards; in section eight, the words "and may hold such land without any licence in mortmain'*.

In section three, the words from "and the bishop" to "notwithstanding ".

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

753

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

51 & 52 Vict The Local Government c. 41. Act 1888.

In section sixty-four, subsection (5), from "and with power*

51 & 52 Vict c. 42.

onwards.

The Mortmain and The whole Act Charitable Uses Act 1888.

53 & 54 Vict c. 16.

54 & 55 Vict c. 40.

54 & 55 Vict c. 73.

55 & 56 Vict, c. 11.

55 & 56 Vict c. 29.

55 & 56 Vict, c. 53.

The Working Classes Dwellings Act 1890. The Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) Act 1891. The Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act

1891.

The Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act Amendment Act,

1892.

The Technical and Industrial Institutions Act 1892.

The Public Libraries Act 1892.

The whole Act

In section ten, subsection (1), from "and with power* onwards.

The whole Act

The whole Act

Section ten.

Subsection (2) of section five from "with power* onwards; subsection (3) of section thirteen.

61 & 62 Vict.

The

Greenwich

Section one.

c* 24.

2 Edw. 7. c. 41

3 Edw. 7. c. 20

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 32.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 91.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 60.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 16.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 16.

Hospital Act 1898. The Metropolis Water Act 1902.

The Patriotic Fund Reorganisation Act 1903. The Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act

1913.

The Welsh Church Act,

1914.

The Sailors and Soldiers (Gifts for Land Settlement) Act 1916.

The Imperial War Museum Act, 1920. The Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act

Subsection (2) of section one from " having * onwards.

Subsection (1) of section one from " and power * onwards.

Section twenty.

Subsection (2) of section thirteen from " with power * onwards. Subsection (2) of section one.

Subsection (1) of section one from " and power *’ onwards.

In section fifty-two, the words 44 without licence in mortmain *.

13 A 14 Geo. 5. c. 33.

15 A16 Geo. 5.

c. 18.

17 A18 Geo. 5. c. 40.

20 A 21 Geo. 5. c. 44.

21 A 22* Geo. 5. c. 32.

1923.

The Universities of Oxford and Cambridge Act, 1923.

The Settled Land Act, 1925.

The Indian Church Act, 1927.

The Land Drainage Act, 1930.

The Architects (Registration) Act, 1931.

Section nine.

Subsection (4) of section twenty-nine.

In subsection (1) of section six, the words " with power to hold land without licence in mortmain *.

Subsection (2) of section one from " with power * onwards.

Subsection (1) of section three from " and power * onwards.

7th Sch

754

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

7ra Sch.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

23 Sc24 Geo. 5. The Local Government c. 51. Act, 1933.

25 &26 Geo. 5. c. 9.

26 & 27 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 49.

The Herring Industry Act, 1935.

The Public Health Act, 1936.

26 Geo. 5 & The Public Health 1 Edw. 8. c. (London) Act, 1936.

In section two, subsection (2) from "and power" onwards; in section seventeen, subsection (3); in section thirty-one and In section thirty-two, subsection (2) from "and power" onwards; in section forty-seven, in subsection (3) the words from " and power " to " mortmain in section forty-eight, subsection (2) from " and power " onwards.

Subsection (1) of section one from " and power " onwards.

Subsection (3) of section six from "and power" onwards; subsection (2) of section eight from "and power" onwards; subsection (3) of section three hundred and fifteen from " and power " onwards.

Section two hundred and seventy-three.

50.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The London Govem-c. 40. ment Act, 1939.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 5.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

c. 46.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 59.

The Minister of Town and Country Planning Act, 1943.

The Education Act, 1944.

The Police Act, 1946...

The Coal Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The New Towns Act, c. 68. 1946.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The National Health c. 81. Service Act, 1946.

Subsection (2) of section two from "with power" onwards; subsection (2) of section seventeen from "with power" onwards.

In section eight, paragraph (</) of subsection (1).

Section eighty-seven; in the First Schedule, paragraph 2, from " and power " onwards.

Subsection (1) of section five from " and with " onwards.

Subsection (1) of section two from "and power" onwards; subsection (4) of section forty-one.

Subsection (1) of section two from "and power" onwards; subsection (4) of section twenty-five.

In subsection (1) of section fifteen, the words from "with power " to " mortmain "; subsection (2) of section fifty-nine; in the Third Schedule, paragraph 1 of Part IV from " and power" onwards; in the Fourth Schedule, paragraph 1 of Part I from " and power " onwards; in the Fifth Schedule, in paragraph 2, the words from "and with" to "Provided that".

1960

Charities , 1960

Ch. 58

755

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 54.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 29.

11 &12 Geo.6. c. 32.

The Transport Act, 1947.

The Electricity Act,

1947.

The National Assistance Act, 1948.

The River Boards Act,

1948.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 1 from " and power " onwards.

Subsection (1) of section three from " and power " onwards.

In the Third Schedule, paragraph 10 from " and power " onwards.

In the Second Schedule, paragraph 1 from "and power"

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Companies Act, c. 38. 1948.

onwards.

Section fourteen; section four hundred and eight; in section four hundred and fifty-four, in paragraph (b) of subsection (2), the words " the Second Schedule

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 60.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 67.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 20.

The Development of Inventions Act, 1948. The Gas Act, 1948.

The Cinematograph Films Production

and "; the Second Schedule.

In the Schedule, paragraph 1 from " and " onwards.

Subsection (1) of section five from " and power " onwards.

In paragraph 1 of the Schedule, the words " to hold land and ".

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 51.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.C.91.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 30.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 53.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 52.

(Special Loans) Act, 1949.

The Legal Aid and Advice Act, 1949.

The Air Corporations Act, 1949.

The Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951.

The Midwives Act, 1951.

The Prison Act, 1952.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

The Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953.

The Television Act, 1954.

The Sugar Act, 1956...

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 76.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 15.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 28.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 56.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 32.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 47.

The Medical Act, 1956.

The Nurses Act, 1957...

The Dentists Act, 1957.

The Housing Act, 1957.

The Opticians Act, 1958.

The Agricultural Marketing Act, 1958.

Subsection (10) of section eight

Paragraph 15 of the First Schedule.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 1 from * and power " onwards.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 5 from " and power " onwards.

In subsection (4) of section two, the words * with power to hold land so far as may be necessary for the purposes of this Act".

Section fifteen.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 1 from " and power " onwards.

In the Second Schedule, paragraph 1 from "and power" onwards.

Subsection (2) of section one from " with power " onwards.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 8 from " and power " onwards.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 1 from " and shall " onwards.

Section one hundred and fifty-three.

In the Schedule, paragraph 10 from " and power " onwards.

In the Second Schedule, paragraph 1 from "and power" onwards.

7th Sch.

756

Ch. 58

Charities A, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 55. The Local Government Act, 1958. In the Seventh Schedule, sub* paragraph (1) of paragraph 13.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 23. The Overseas Resources Development Act, 1959. In the First Schedule, paragraph 1 from " and power * onwards.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 62. The New Towns Act, 1959. In subsection (1) of section two the words " and power to hold land without licence in mortmain ’*.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 18. The Local Employment Act, 1960. In the First Schedule, paragraph 1 from "and power" onwards, and paragraph 10.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. a 22. The Horticulture Act, 1960. In subsection (1) of section nine, the words " and power to hold land without licence in mortmain "; subsection (1) of section fifteen, from "and power* onwards.

B. Church Assembly Measures

Session and Number

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

14 & 15 Geo. 5. The Bishopric of Black-No. 4. bum Measure, 1923.

Section two from " Such contributions may * onwards; in subsection (3) of section ten, the words " and may hold such land 'without any licence in mart-

14 & 15 Geo. 5. The Diocese of South-No. 5. well (Division)

Measure, 1923.

main ".

Section two from " Such contributions may*' onwards; in subsection (3) of section ten, the words " and may hold such land without any licence in mort-

14 & 15 Geo. 5. The Diocese of Win-No. 6. Chester (Division)

Measure, 1923.

15 & 16 Geo.5. The Bishopric of No. 2. Leicester Measure,

1925.

main *’.

Section two from "Such contributions may’* onwards; in section thirteen, the words " and may hold such land without any licence in mortmain

Section two from " Such contributions may* onwards; in subsection (3) of section twelve, the words " and may hold such land without any licence in mortmain

22 & 23 Geo. 5. No. 1.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. No. 3.

The Benefices (Diocesan Boards of Patronage) Measure, 1932.

The Cathedrals (Amendment) Measure, 1934.

In section two, the words " without any licence in mortmain being required.*'

In paragraph (i) of section one, the words from " with power * to " mortmain *.

1960

Charities A, 1960

Ch. 58

757

Session and Number Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 A 2 Geo. 6. The Parsonages In subsection (1) of section nine.

No. 3. Measure, 1938. paragraph (ii), with the preceding "and". In section three, paragraph (6) from "with power" onwards;

6 A7 Geo. 6. The New Parishes

No. 1. Measure, 1943.

10 All Geo.6. The Church Commis- in section four, paragraph (2) from " and shall have power " onwards; in section thirteen, in subsection (1) the words from "and may hold" to "that Act", and subsection (2) from "and may hold" onwards; in subsection (3) of section fourteen, the words from " for any" to "and". In section one, in subsection (1),

No. 2. sioners Measure, 1947. the words " and power to

11 A12 Geo.6. The Clergy Pensions acquire and hold land without licence in mortmain ". Subsection (1) of section thirty-six from " and may " onwards.

No. 1. Measure, 1948.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Church Property Section twenty-three.

No. 1. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Measure, 1960.

7th Sch

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1571

Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1572

Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1575

Charitable Uses Act, 1601

Charities Procedure Act, 1812

Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1836

Trustee Appointment Act, 1850

Seamen's Fund Winding-up Act, 1851

School Sites Act, 1852

Charitable Trusts Act, 1853

Literary and Scientific Institutions Act, 1854 Places of Worship Registration Act, 1855 ... Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855 ...

Documentary Evidence Act, 1868

Trustee Appointment Act, 1869

Endowed Schools Act, 1869

Elementary Education Act, 1870

Charitable Trustees Incorporation Act, 1872

13 Eliz. 1. c. 10.

14 Eliz. 1. c. 11.

18 Eliz. l. c. 11.

43 Eliz. 1. c. 4.

52 Geo. 3. c. 101.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 20.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 28.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 102.

15 & 16 Vict c. 49.

16 & 17 Vict c. 137.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 112.

18 A19 Vict c. 81.

18 & 19 Vict c. 124.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 37.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 26.

32 & 33 Vict c. 56.

33 & 34 Vict c. 75. 35 & 36 Vict c. 24.

758

Ch. 58

Charities , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Poor Allotments Management Act, 1873

Commons Act, 1876

Documentary Evidence Act, 1882

Municipal Corporations Act, 1883

National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888

Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888

Interpretation Act, 1889

Trustees Appointment Act, 1890

Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1891

Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act Amendment

Act, 1892

Public Libraries Act, 1892

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893

Local Government Act, 1894

Copyhold Act, 1894

Friendly Societies Act, 1896

London Government Act, 1899

Board of Education Act, 1899

Open Spaces Act, 1906

Public Trustee Act, 1906

Law of Property Act, 1922

Trustee Act, 1925

Land Registration Act, 1925

Land Charges Act, 1925

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act,

1925

Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927

Administration of Justice Act, 1928

Local Government Act, 1933

Regimental Charitable Funds Act, 1935

War Charities Act, 1940

Education Act, 1944

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

Companies Act, 1948

Income Tax Act, 1952

Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954

Administration of Justice Act, 1956

House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 ... Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958 Mental Health Act, 1959

36 & 37 Vict c. 19.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 56.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 9.

46 & 47 Vict c. 18.

51 & 52 Vict c. 2.

51 & 52 Vict c. 42.

52 & 53 Vict c. 63.

53 & 54 Vict c. 19.

54 & 55 Vict c. 73.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 11.

55 & 56 Vict c. 53.

56 & 57 Vict c. 39.

56 & 57 Vict c. 73.

57 & 58 Vict c. 46.

59 & 60 Vict c. 25.

62 & 63 Vict c. 14.

62 & 63 Vict. c. 33.

6 Edw. 7. c. 25.

6 Edw. 7. c. 55.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 16. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 19. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.C.21. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.C.22.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.C.49.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.C.36.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 26. 23 & 24 Geo. 5.C.51. 25 & 26 Geo. 5.C.11.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 31.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. 15 & 16 Geo. 6. and

1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 46.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 45.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

1960

Adoption , 1960

Ch. 59, 60

759

CHAPTER 59

An Act to amend the law with respect to the revocation of adoption orders in cases of legitimation, and to make further provision in connection with the revocation of such orders under section twenty-six of the Adoption Act, 1958.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where any person legitimated by virtue of section one Further of the Legitimacy Act, 1959, had been adopted by his father and provision for mother before the commencement of that Act, the court by which revocation of the adoption order was made may, on the application of any of ^denTin cases the parties concerned, revoke that order. of

(2) The revocation of an adoption order under this section, m^on’ or under section twenty-six of the Adoption Act, 1958, shall not1 *38 Eliz* 2> affect the operation of sections sixteen and seventeen of that Act 7 & g 2. in relation to an intestacy which occurred, or a disposition c. 5. which was made, before the revocation.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with section twenty-six of the Adoption Act, 1958; and any reference in that Act to that section or to subsection (1) of that section shall be construed as including a reference to subsection (1) of this section.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Adoption Act, 1960 Short title

and extent.

(2) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 60

Betting and Gaming , 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Part I

Betting

Section

1. Replacement of Betting Act, 1853, etc., by new provision.

2. Bookmaker's permits.

3. Authorisation and registration of agents by bookmakers and Board.

4. Betting office licences and betting agency permits.

760

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

Section

5. Conduct of licensed betting offices.

6. Increase of penalties for street betting.

7. Betting with young persons.

8. Cancellation of and disqualification for bookmaker’s or betting agency

permit.

9. Offences by holder of bookmaker’s or betting agency permit

10. Provision of information relating to betting.

11. Amendment of powers, rights and duties of Racecourse Betting Control

Board.

12. Restriction on pool betting and offering of tote odds on certain dog

races.

13. Appointment of accountant under Pool Betting Act, 1954.

14. Additional rule concerning prizes under Pool Betting Act, 1954.

Part II Gaming

15. Repeal of existing law relating to gaming.

16. General provisions as to gaming.

17. Gaming machines.

18. Gaming in public places.

19. Saving for dominoes and cribbage on licensed premises, etc.

20. Saving for entertainments not held for private gain.

21. Supplementary provisions with respect to gaming.

22. Local authorities not to subsidise premises for gaming.

Part HI Amusements with Prizes

23. Provision of amusements with prizes at certain non-commercial

entertainments.

24. Provision of amusements with prizes at certain commercial entertain-

ments.

25. Amusement machines.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

26. Playing of games on certain premises.

27. Enforcement and penalties.

28. Interpretation.

29. Amendments and repeals in other Acts.

30. Expenses.

1960

Belling and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

761

Section

31. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Bookmaker's permits, betting agency permits and betting office licences.

Second Schedule—Rules for licensed betting offices.

Third Schedule—Permits for provision of amusements with prizes.

Fourth Schedule—Consequential provisions.

Fifth Schedule—Amendments to secure consistency and uniformity and facilitate consolidation.

Sixth Schedule—Repeals.

Part I—Enactments relating to gaming.

Part II—Other enactments.

An Act to amend the law with respect to betting and gaming and to make certain other amendments with a view to securing consistency and uniformity in, and facilitating the consolidation of, the said law and the law with respect to lotteries; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I Betting

1.—(1) The Betting Acts, 1853 and 1874, and, so far as it relates to betting, section four hundred and seven of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, shall cease to have effect, and the following provisions of this section shall have effect in place thereof.

(2) Save as permitted by virtue of subsection (5) of this section or subsection (1) of section four of this Act, no person shall use, or cause or knowingly permit any other person to use, any premises for the purpose of the effecting by that person or, as the case may be, by that other person of betting transactions with persons resorting to those premises; and any person who contravenes the provisions of this subsection shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where both the person so using the premises and all the persons with whom the

Replacement of Betting Act, 1853, etc., by new provision

762

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 &9 Euz.2

Part I

Bookmaker's

permits.

betting transactions are effected—

(a) either reside or work on those premises or on premises

of which those premises form part; or

(b) are, or are acting on behalf of, holders of bookmaker’s

permits which are for the time being in force,

and, without prejudice to section three of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, shall also not apply in relation to pool betting transactions.

(3) Any person who, for any purpose connected with the effecting of a betting transaction, resorts to any premises which are being used in contravention of the last foregoing subsection or of subsection (2) of section three of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934 (which restricts the premises which may be used as a place where persons resorting thereto may effect pool betting transactions) shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(4) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection proof that any person was on any premises while they were being used as mentioned in that subsection shall be evidence that he resorted to the premises for such a purpose as is so mentioned unless he proves that he was on the premises for bona fide purposes which were not connected with the effecting of a betting transaction.

(5) In subsection (1) of section one of the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928, and in section twelve of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934 (which provide for certain exemptions from the Betting Act, 1853, in the case of approved horse racecourses and licensed tracks), for any reference to the said Act of 1853 there shall be substituted a reference to subsection (2) of this section; and in the said section twelve for the words " anything done on any licensed track by a bookmaker " there shall be substituted the words " anything done on any track which is not an approved horse racecourse

(6) Subsection (4) of this section shall not apply to Scotland, but, in any proceedings in Scotland under subsection (3) of this section, if any person is proved to have been on any premises while they were being used as mentioned in the said subsection

(3), that person shall be held to have resorted to the premises for such a purpose as is so mentioned unless he proves that he was on the premises for bona fide purposes which were not connected with the effecting of a betting transaction.

2.—(1) No person shall act as a bookmaker on his own account unless he is the holder of a permit authorising him so to act (in this Act referred to as a " bookmaker's permit ") which is for the time being in force; and if any person acts as a bookmaker in contravention of this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence:

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

763

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to the receiving or negotiating by a person registered under the Pool Betting Act, 1954, of bets made by way of pool betting.

(2) The First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of bookmaker’s permits.

3.—(1) No person shall by way of business receive or negotiate bets as servant or agent to another bookmaker or to the Board unless—

(a) he has attained the age of twenty-one years; and

(b) he is authorised in that behalf in writing in the pre-

scribed form by that other bookmaker or, as the case may be, by the Board; and

(c) in the case of a person acting as servant or agent to

another bookmaker, that other bookmaker is the holder of a bookmaker’s permit or betting agency permit:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any person who is the holder of such a permit as aforesaid, or who receives or negotiates bets as aforesaid on premises occupied by the holder of such a permit or by the Board.

(2) If any bet is received or negotiated by any person as servant or agent to another bookmaker or to the Board in contravention of the foregoing subsection, both that person and that other bookmaker or, as the case may be, the Board shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) The Board and every bookmaker who is the holder of a bookmaker’s permit or betting agency permit shall keep a register in the prescribed form showing every person who is for the time being authorised for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section by the Board or, as the case may be, by that bookmaker, and shall not grant any such authorisation without making the appropriate entry in that register; and if any person contravenes any of the requirements of this subsection he shall, in respect of each contravention, be guilty of an offence.

(4) If any person who holds any authority in writing issued for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section or who is required by subsection (3) of this section to keep a register, on being required by a constable to produce that authority or, as the case may be, register for examination, refuses or without reasonable cause fails so to do, he shall be guilty of an offence.

(5) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or, in the case of offences under subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section, on a second or any subsequent conviction under the same subsection, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

Part 1

Authorisation and registration of agents by bookmakers and Board.

764

Part 1

Betting office licences and betting agency permits.

Conduct of licensed betting offices.

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(6) Nothing in this section shall apply to the receiving or negotiating by any person as servant or agent to a person registered under the Pool Betting Act, 1954, of bets made by way of pool betting.

4. —(1) Where in the case of any premises there is for the time being in force a licence authorising the holder of the licence to use those premises as a betting office (in this Act referred to as a " betting office licence "), then—

(a) subsection (2) of section one of this Act shall not apply

to the use of those premises for the effecting of any betting transaction with or through the holder of the licence or any servant or agent of his; and

(b) subsection (2) of section three of the Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934, shall not apply to the use of those premises for the effecting of any such betting transaction by way of sponsored pool betting.

(2) The following persons, and the following persons only, may apply for the grant or renewal of a betting office licence in respect of any premises, that is to say—

(a) a person who is for the time being the holder of, or an

applicant for, a bookmaker’s permit;

(b) the Board;

(c) a person who, not being the holder of, or an applicant

for, a bookmaker’s permit, is for the time being both—

(i) accredited by a bookmaker who is the holder of a bookmaker’s permit or by the Board as an agent for the purpose of receiving or negotiating bets by way of business with a view to those bets being made with that bookmaker or, as the case may be, with or through the Board; and

(ii) the holder of, or an applicant for, a permit (in this Act referred to as " a betting agency permit ") authorising him to hold a betting office licence.

(3) An application for the grant of a betting office licence in respect of any premises may be made notwithstanding that the premises have still to be constructed or are still in the course of construction.

(4) Subject to the two last foregoing subsections, the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of betting office licences and betting agency permits.

5. —(1) A licensed betting office shall be managed in accordance with the rules set out in the Second Schedule to this Act, and in the case of any contravention of any of those rules the

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

765

licensee and any servant or agent of the licensee by whom the Part 1 contravention was committed shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds:

Provided that, where any person is charged with an offence under this subsection by reason only of his being the licensee, it shall be a defence to prove that the contravention took place without Ms consent or connivance and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent it.

(2) Without prejudice to any other right to refuse a person admission to premises or to expel a person from premises, in the case of a licensed betting office the licensee or any servant or agent of his may refuse to admit to, or may expel from, the licensed premises any person who is drunken, violent, quarrelsome or disorderly, or whose presence on those premises would subject the licensee or any servant or agent of his to a penalty under the foregoing subsection; and if any person liable to be expelled from the licensed premises under this subsection, when requested by the licensee, any servant or agent of the licensee or any constable to leave those premises, fails to do so, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) Any constable may, on the request of the licensee or any servant or agent of the licensee, help to expel from a licensed betting office any person whom the constable has reasonable cause to believe to be liable to be expelled therefrom under the last foregoing subsection; and the constable may use such force as may be required for that purpose.

(4) Any constable may enter any licensed betting office for the purpose of ascertaining whether the provisions of subsection

(1) of this section are being complied with, and any person who obstructs any constable in the exercise of his powers under this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(5) If, save in a licensed betting office or in such manner as may be prescribed on premises giving access to such an office, any advertisement is published—

(a) indicating that any particular premises are a licensed

betting office; or

(b) indicating where any such office may be found; or

(c) drawing attention to the availability of, or to the facilities

afforded to persons resorting to, such offices, then, in the case of an advertisement in connection with the office or offices of a particular licensee, that licensee, and in every case any person who published the advertisement or caused or permitted it to be published, shall be guilty of an offence:

766

Part I

Increase of penalties for street betting.

Betting with young persons.

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

Provided that ift shall be a defence for any person charged with an offence under this subsection to prove—

(i) that he did not know and had no reasonable cause to suspect that the advertisement was, and that he had taken all reasonable steps to ascertain that it was not, such an advertisement as aforesaid; or

(H) if he is charged by reason only of being a licensee, that the advertisement was published without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent the publishing of any such advertisement in connection with his office or offices.

6. —(1) Any person who commits an offence under subsection

(1) of section one of the Street Betting Act, 1906, after the appointed day shall, instead of being liable to the penalty provided by paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of the said subsection (1), be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or, in the case of a second conviction for such an offence committed after that day, to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or, in the case of a third or any subsequent conviction for such an offence so committed, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to both.

(2) The day appointed for the purposes of this section shall not be earlier than six months after the day appointed for the coming into force of section four of this Act.

7. —(1) If any person—

(a) has any betting transaction with a young person; or

(b) employs a young person in the effecting of any betting transaction or in a licensed betting office; or

(c) receives or negotiates any bet through a young person, he shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that a person shall not be guilty of an offence under this subsection by reason of—

(i) the employment of a young person in the effecting of

betting transactions by post; or

(ii) the carriage by a young person of a communication

relating to a betting transaction for the purposes of its conveyance by post.

(2) In this section, the expression " young person " means a person—

(a) who is under the age of eighteen years and whom the person committing an offence in relation to him under this section knows, or ought to know, to be under that age; or

(b) who is apparently under the said age:

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act% 1960

Ch. 60

767

Provided that in the case of any proceedings under this section Part I for an offence in respect of a person apparently under the said age it shall be a defence to prove that ait the time of the alleged offence he had in fact attained that age.

(3) In paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section seven, and in paragraph id) of subsection (1) of section sixteen, of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934 (which empower the licensing authority to refuse to grant or, as the case may be, to revoke a licence in respect of any track on the ground of a conviction of the applicant for or holder of the licence, or, where the applicant or holder is a corporate body, any director or the manager thereof, for an offence under Part I of that Act) the reference to an offence under that Part of that Act shall be construed as including a reference to any offence under this section.

8.—(1) If the holder of a bookmaker’s permit or of a betting Cancellation agency permit is convicted— agitation

(a) of an offence under the Street Betting Act, 1906, being for book, an offence the penalty for which falls to be determined maker's or under section six of this Act; or betting agency

(b) of an offence under subsection (2) of section one of this Act committed after the day appointed for the purposes of the said section six; or

(c) of an offence under section one, two or three of the

Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934; or

() of an offence under section seven of this Act; or

(e) of any offence involving fraud or dishonesty,

or if the holder of a betting agency permit is convicted of an offence under section two of this Act, the court by or before which he is convicted may, if the court thinks fit, order that his permit shall be forfeited and cancelled.

(2) An order under the foregoing subsection shall be deemed for the purposes i of any appeal to be part of the sentence for the offence; and the permit shall not be forfeited or cancelled under that order—

(a) until the date of expiration of the period within which

notice of appeal against the conviction or sentence may be given; nor

(b) if notice of appeal against the conviction or sentence is duly given within the period aforesaid, until the date of the determination or abandonment of the appeal.

(3) A person whose bookmaker’s permit or betting agency permit is forfeited and cancelled in pursuance of an order under subsection (1) of this section shall, by virtue of that order, oe disqualified for holding or obtaining a permit of either description for a period of five years beginning with the date of the conviction which gave rise to the order:

768

Part 1

Offences by holder of bookmaker’s or betting agency permit.

Provision of information relating to betting.

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Buz. 2

Act, 1960

Provided that, in a case where it appears to the court making the order to be just in all the circumstances, that court may include in the order a direction that the period of disqualification shall be such period shorter than five years as the court may specify.

(4) Where a bookmaker’s permit or betting agency permit is forfeited and cancelled in pursuance of an order under subsection

(1) of this section, the clerk of the court by which the order was made shall, unless he is also clerk to the authority which last either granted or renewed the permit, send a copy of the order to the clerk to that authority.

(5) Subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to Scotland, but the holder of a permit in respect of which an order under subsection (1) of this section is made by a court in Scotland may, without prejudice to any other form of appeal under any rule of law, appeal against the order in the same manner as against a conviction; and a permit shall not be forfeited or cancelled under an order so made—

(a) until the expiration of the period of fourteen days com-

mencing with the date on which the order was made; nor

(b) if an appeal against the order or the conviction which

gave rise thereto is taken within the said period, until the date when that appeal is determined or abandoned or deemed to have been abandoned.

9. —(1) Any holder of a bookmaker’s permit or betting agency permit who employs in his bookmaking business any person known to him to be for the time being disqualified under subsection (3) of section eight of this Act shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) If the holder of a bookmaker's permit or betting agency permit, on being required by a constable to produce his permit for examination, refuses or without reasonable cause foils so to do, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

10. The clerk to any appropriate authority within the meaning of the First Schedule to this Act shall furnish the Secretary of State with such statistical information at such times as the Secretary of State may from time to time require with respect to the performance by the authority of their functions under that Schedule; and the Secretary of State shall in respect of each period of twelve months ending with the thirty-first day erf May in any year lay before each House of Parliament a report containing, in such form as may appear to him convenient, statistical information with respect to the grant, renewal, cancellation and expiry without renewal of bookmakers’ permits, betting agency

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

769

permits and betting office licences respectively in England or, as Part 1 the case may be, Scotland during that period.

11.—(1) The Board shall have power and the exclusive right Amendment to do, and to authorise other persons to do, either of the following things, that is to say-

(a) to carry on pool betting business in any form on a Racecourse recognised horse race; and Betting

(b) by way of business to receive or negotiate bets on a Contro oar recognised horse race on terms that the winnings or any part thereof shall be calculated or regulated directly or indirectly by reference to the amounts or rates of any payments or distributions in respect of winning bets on that race made by way of sponsored pool betting;

and in giving any authority under this subsection the Board may do so on such terms, including terms as to payments to the Board, as the Board may think fit.

(2) Any infringement of the right conferred on the Board by the foregoing subsection shall be actionable at the suit of the Board; and in any action for such an infringement all such relief, by way of damages, injunction, accounts or otherwise, shall be available to the Board as is available to the plaintiff in any corresponding proceedings in respect of infringements of proprietary rights and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any enactment or rule of law relating to the jurisdiction of county courts, a county court may, on the application of the Board, grant an injunction restraining an infringement or apprehended infringement of the right aforesaid whether or not any other relief is claimed; and for the purposes of this subsection the right aforesaid is infringed by any person who, without the authority of the Board—

(a) does or authorises any other person to do any thing such

as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or ( of the foregoing subsection; or

(b) by way of business holds himself out as willing to enter

into any pool betting transaction on a recognised horse race, whether by way of sponsored pool betting or otherwise, or to receive or negotiate a bet on a recognised horse race on such terms as are mentioned in the said paragraph (b).

In the application of this subsection to Scotland, " suit " means instance, " injunction " means an interdict, " accounts " means count, reckoning and payment and "plaintiff" means pursuer.

(3) The Board shall have power—

(a) with the approval of, and subject to any conditions imposed by, the Secretary of State, to engage in any activity connected with—

2 B

770

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

Part I

(i) the improvement of breeds of horses;

(ii) the advancement or encouragement of veterinary science or veterinary education; or

(iii) the improvement of the sport of horse racing;

(b) to acquire and hold such land as may be reasonably required for the purposes of any of the Board's functions and to sell or lease any land held by them which is not required for those purposes;

(c) to borrow for the purposes of any of their functions and

to give security for any moneys borrowed by them;

() to lend or invest money for the purposes of or in connec-

tion with any activity in which the Board have power under paragraph (a) of this subsection to engage, and to make such other loans or investments as they judge desirable for the proper conduct of their affairs;

(e) to do all such things as are incidental to, or conducive

to the attainment of the purposes of, any of their functions;

and nothing in this Act or in the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928, shall be construed as restricting the betting transactions which may be effected by way of sponsored pool betting to betting transactions upon the result of a single race, or upon the resuks of races run on a particular racecourse or on a particular day, or as preventing the Board from giving credit in any betting transaction.

(4) Subject to paragraph (3) of section three of the said Act of 1928 and to subsections (1) and (2) of section eighteen of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, the Board shall apply any moneys from time to time available in their hands (including any moneys in the totalisator fund immediately before the commencement of this section)—

(a) in providing for the payment of rates, taxes, charges, expenses and other outgoings;

(b) in retaining such sums and making provision for such matters as they think proper in connection with any of their functions;

(c) in making such payments as they think fit for charitable

purposes;

() subject to the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection, in

making payments, in accordance with schemes from time to time prepared by the Board and approved by the Secretary of State, for purposes conducive to the improvement of breeds of horses or of the sport of horse racing or to the advancement or encouragement of veterinary science or veterinary education.

1960

Betting and Gaming AcU I960

Ch. 60

771

12.—(1) The provisions of this section shall apply in relation Part 1 to any dog race on a licensed track in connection with which Restriction on betting takes place by means of a totalisator on the track in pool betting accordance with the provisions in that behalf of the Betting and Lotteries Act. 1934. on certain

(2) The occupier of the track shall have the exclusive right to dog raccs' authorise any person—

(a) to carry on pool betting business on any such race as aforesaid;

(b) by way of business to receive or negotiate bets on any such race on terms that the winnings or any part thereof shall be calculated or regulated directly or indirectly by reference to the amounts or rates of any payments or distributions in respect of winning bets on that race made by means of the totalisator.

and no person shall have the right to carry on any form of pool betting business on any such race or by way of business to receive or negotiate bets on any such race on such terms as aforesaid except with the authority of the occupier; and in giving any authority under this subsection the occupier may do so on such terms, including terms as to payments to the occupier, as the occupier may think fit.

(3) Subsection (2) of section eleven of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as if it were incorporated in this section and as if—

(a) any reference therein to the right conferred on the Board by subsection (1) of that section were a reference to the right conferred on the occupier of the track by the last foregoing subsection; and

(b) any other reference therein to the Board were a reference to the occupier of the track; and

(c) for paragraphs (a)and (b) thereof there were substituted the following—

44 (a) carries on any form of pool betting business on any such race as aforesaid or by way of business holds himself out as willing to enter into any pool betting transaction on any such race; or

(b) by way of business, receives or negotiates, or holds himself out as willing to receive or negotiate, any bet on any such race on such terms as are mentioned in paragraph ( of subsection (2) of this section ".

(4) In this section, the expressions 44 dog race " and 44 licensed track " have the same meanings respectively as in Part I of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934.

2 B 2

772

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part I 13. At the end of subsection (1) of section two of the Pool Appointment Betting Act, 1954, there shall be added the words: — of accountant "Provided that the local authority shall not appoint a

Betting Act person who is employed by the registered pool promoter in

1954. connection with his pool betting business

Additional 14. At the end of paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section rule concerning three of the Pool Betting Act, 1954, there shall be added the pnzes under Words " and being a percentage which is determined and notified to the accountant appointed under section two of this Act before that day ".

Pool Betting Act, 1954.

Repeal of existing law relating to gaming.

General provisions as to gaming.

Part II Gaming

15. The enactments specified in Part I of the Sixth Schedule to this Act (including any of those enactments as incorporated in, or adopted by or under, any local Act), being enactments relating wholly or mainly to gaming, unlawful games or gaming houses, are hereby repealed to the extent respectively specified in the third column of the said Part I; and, notwithstanding any rule of law, premises shall not be a common gaming-house by reason of the carrying on of gaming thereon.

16. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any gaming shall be lawful if, but only if, it is conducted in accordance with the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that either—

(i) the chances in the game are equally favourable to all the players; or

(ii) the gaming is so conducted that the chances therein are equally favourable to all the players; and

(b) that no money or money’s worth which any of the

players puts down as stakes, or pays by way of losses, or exchanges for tokens used in playing the game, is disposed of otherwise than by payment to a player as winnings; and

(c) that no other payment in money or money’s worth is

required for a person to take part in the gaming.

(2) If in any proceedings under this section evidence is adduced that gaming took place on any premises and either—

(a) that the game was, or was a variant of or of a similar nature to, a game which is capable of being played in accordance with the ordinary rules thereof in such a manner that the chances therein are not equally

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

773

favourable to all the players, and that ten or more persons were present at the gaming; or

(b) that a payment of money or money’s worth was required in order to obtain access to the premises, then, subject to subsection (7) of this section, it shall be held that the gaming was unlawful gaming unless it is proved that the gaming was conducted in accordance with the conditions set out in subsection (1) of this section.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no gaming shall take place at which any person under the age of eighteen years is included among the players, except where both the following conditions are satisfied, that is to say—

(a) that the gaming takes place in a private dwelling-house or in the presence of a parent or guardian of that person; and

(b) that any such person taking part in the gaming does so with the permission, whether general or special, of a parent or guardian of that person.

(4) If any gaming takes place on any premises—

(a) which is by virtue of subsection 0) of this section, or

is held in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section to have been, unlawful gaming; or

(b) which contravenes subsection (3) of this section,

any person concerned in the organisation or management of the gaming, and any other person who, knowing or having reasonable cause to suspect that unlawful gaming or gaming in contravention of the said subsection (3) would take place on those premises—

(i) allowed the premises to be used for the purposes of

gaming; or

(ii) let the premises, or otherwise made the premises avail-

able, to any person by whom an offence in connection with the gaming has been committed,

shall be guilty of an offence; and for the purposes of this subsection any person who took part in procuring the assembly of the players shall be deemed to have been concerned in the organisation of the gaming.

(5) Any person who is present at any gaming such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of the last foregoing subsection for the purposes of taking part therein shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds:

Provided that, for the purposes of any proceedings under this subsection in respect of gaming such as is mentioned in the said paragraph (a), paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section shall

Part II

774 Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

Part n be deemed to be omitted if the person charged proves that he was not required to make, or to undertake to make, any payment such as is mentioned in the said paragraph (c) and that he neither knew nor had reasonable cause to suspect that any other person was so required.

(6) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, proof that any person was present at any gaming shall be evidence that he was present for the purpose of taking part therein unless he proves that he was present neither for that purpose nor for any of the following purposes, that is to say, taking part in the management of the gaming, operating any instrument or other thing whatsoever used in connection with the gaming, or making bets with respect to the gaming.

(7) In any proceedings under this section, gaming shall be held to have been conducted in accordance with the condition set out in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section if it is proved—

(a) that the gaming was carried on as an activity of a club;

and

(b) that, apart from any annual subscription for member-

ship of the club, the only other payment required for a person to take part in the gaming was of a fixed sum of money determined before the gaming began; and

(c) that no person took part in the gaming who was not

either—

(i) a member of the dub in pursuance of an application or nomination for membership made more than twenty-four hours before the gaming began; or

(ii) a bona fide guest of such a member; and

(d) that the club is so constituted and conducted, both as regards membership and otherwise, as not to be of a merely temporary character.

(8) In any proceedings in respect of a contravention of subsection (3) of this section in the case of any gaming, it shall be a defence to prove that the person charged neither knew nor had reasonable cause to suspect that any of the players was under the age of eighteen years.

(9) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) in subsection (2), for the words " evidence is adduced "

there shall be substituted the words " it is proved ";

(b) subsection (6) shall not apply, but, in any proceedings

in Scotland under subsection (5), if any person is proved to have been present at the gaming to which the proceedings relate, that person shall be held to have been present for the purpose of taking part therein unless he

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

775

proves that he was present neither for that purpose nor Part n for any of the following purposes, that is to say, taking part in the management of the gaming, operating any instrument or other thing whatsoever used in connection with the gaming, or making bets with respect to the gaming.

17. —(1) Section sixteen of this Act shall not apply to gaming Gaming by means of a gaming machine but, subject to the provisions of "^chines, this Act, if any such gaming takes place on any premises to which, whether on payment or otherwise, the public have access

or which are used wholly or mainly by persons under the age of eighteen years or, except in accordance with the conditions set out in subsection (2) of this section, on any other premises—

(a) any person who knowingly allowed the premises to be used for the purposes of the gaming; and (b) any other person who, knowing or having reasonable cause to suspect that the premises would be used for such gaming—

(i) caused or allowed the machine to be placed on the premises; or

(ii) let the premises, or otherwise made the premises available, to any person by whom an offence in connection with the gaming was committed,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) The conditions referred to in the foregoing subsection are—

(a) that not more than two gaming machines are made avail-

able for play in any one building or, where different parts of a building are occupied by two or more different persons, in the part or parts of the building occupied by any one of those persons; and

(b) that the stake required to be hazarded in order to play

the game once does not exceed sixpence; and

(c) that all stakes hazarded are applied either in the pay-

ment of winnings to a player of the game or for purposes other than private gain.

(3) In this section—

(fl) the expression " gaming machine " means a machine for playing a game of chance, being a game which requires no action by any player other than the actuation or manipulation of the machine; and (b) the expression " building " includes the curtilage of the building.

18. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, if any person Gaming in takes part in gaming in any street or in any other place to public placet, which, whether on payment or otherwise, the public have access,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

776

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part II

Saving for dominoes and cribbage on licensed premises, etc.

(2) A constable may arrest without warrant anyone whom he finds in a street or in any such place as aforesaid and whom he suspects, with reasonable cause, to be committing an offence under this section.

(3) In this section—

(a) the expression " street " includes any bridge, road, lane, footway, subway, square, court, alley or passage, whether a thoroughfare or not, which is for the time being open to the public and, in the application of this section to Scotland, includes also any common close or common stair; and

(b) the doorways and entrances of premises abutting upon, and any ground adjoining and open to, a street shall be treated as forming part of the street.

19.—(1) Section eighteen of this Act shall not apply to the playing of dominoes or cribbage—

(a) on premises in respect of which there is for the time being

in force a justices’ on-licence granted under the Licensing Act, 1953, or a hotel certificate or public house certificate granted under the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1959; or

(b) on premises in any district specified in Part I of the

Ninth Schedule to the said Act of 1953 or in Part I of the Eighth Schedule to the said Act of 1959 which are being used for the sale on behalf of the Secretary of State of intoxicating or, as the case may be, exciseable liquor for consumption on those premises.

(2) The licensing justices for any licensing district within the meaning of the said Act of 1953, or the licensing court for any licensing area within the meaning of the said Act of 1959, may at any time, if in the case of any particular premises such as aforesaid situated within that district or area they think fit so to do, by order impose such requirements or restrictions with respect to the playing of the said games on any part of those premises to which the public have access as they consider necessary to secure—

(a) that the games are not played on that part of the

premises in such circumstances as to constitute an inducement to persons to resort thereto primarily for the purpose of taking part in gaming at those games; and

(b) that any such gaming on that part of the premises does

not take place for high stakes.

(3) The justices or court aforesaid may at any time by a further order vary or revoke any previous order made under this section.

(4) An order under this section with respect to any premises shall come into force upon notice thereof being given—

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

111

(a) in the case of premises such as are mentioned in para-

graph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, to the person who is for ithe time being the holder of the licence or certificate aforesaid in respect of those premises;

(b) in the case of premises such as are mentioned in para-

graph (b) of that subsection, to the Secretary of State,

and the justices or court shall send a copy of the notice to the chief officer of police for the police area in which the premises are situated; and, subject to any further order varying or revoking it, the order shall continue in force so long as the premises continue to be premises such as are mentioned in the said subsection (1).

(5) Section one hundred and sixty-six of the Licensing Act, 1953 (which relates to the application of that Act to the Isles of Scilly) shall have effect as if the reference therein to the functions of the licensing justices under Part VII of that Act included a reference to the functions of those justices under this section.

20. Where gaming is carried on at an entertainment promoted for raising money to be applied for purposes other than private gain, then, in relation to that gaming—

(a) so much of section eighteen of this Act as relates to

gaming in a place other than a street shall not apply; and

(b) section sixteen of this Act shall have effect—

(i) as if paragraph (b) of subsection (2) thereof were omitted; and

(ii) as if for the condition set out in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) thereof there were substituted the conditions set out in subsection (1), and the provisions of subsections (4) and (5), of section four of the Small Lotteries and Gaming Act, 1956.

21. —(1) Nothing in section twenty-one of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934 (which declares all lotteries to be unlawful) shall make unlawful any gaming conducted in such circumstances that no offence under this Part of this Act is committed; and in any proceedings instituted under subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the said Act of 1934 (which relates to offences in connection with lotteries) it shall be a defence to prove that the lottery to which the proceedings relate was also a game of chance and that at the time of the alleged offence the person charged believed, and had reasonable ground for believing, that it was being conducted as aforesaid.

(2) Notwithstanding any rule of law, for the purposes of any enactment relating to betting, the expression " bet " shall not include any bet or stake at any gaming conducted as aforesaid

2 B*

Part If

Saving for entertainments not held for private gain.

Supplementary provisions with respect to gaming.

778

Part II

Local authorities not to subsidise premises for gaming.

Provision of amusements with prizes at certain non-commer* cial entertainments.

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(3) Notwithstanding any rule of law—

(a) the making of bets by way of pool betting; and

(b) participation in any lottery which satisfies the conditions

set out in subsection (4) of this section,

shall not be held to be gaming.

(4) The conditions referred to in paragraph ( ) of the last foregoing subsection are—

(a) that the lottery is a lottery declared by section

twenty-three or twenty-four of the said Act of 1934 or by section one of the Small Lotteries and Gaming Act, 1956, not to be an unlawful lottery; and

(b) that each winner of a prize is ascertained by reference

to not more than three determining factors, each of those factors being either the result of a draw or other determination or the outcome of an event

22. It is hereby declared that nothing contained in section one hundred and thirty-two of the Local Government Act 1948, or in any local or private aot shall be deemed to authorise any local authority to maintain or subsidise any premises wholly or mainly for the purpose of persons resorting thereto habitually for the purpose of taking part in gaming:

Provided that this section shall not apply where the gaming is by way only of amusements with prizes and the premises are premises in respect of which a permit for the provision thereon of such amusements has been granted, and is for the time being in force, under the Third Schedule to this Act.

Part III Amusements with Prizes

23.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the purpose of permitting the provision at any entertainment to which section twenty-three of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, applies of amusements with prizes; and in subsection (3) of the said section twenty-three (which defines the entertainments to which that section applies as bazaars, sales of work, fetes and other entertainments of a similar character, whether limited to one day or extending over two or more days) after the word "fetes " there shall be inserted the words " dinners, dances, sporting or athletic events ".

(2) Nothing in any of the following provisions, that is to say, sections sixteen to eighteen of this Act and sections twenty-one

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

779

and twenty-two of the said Act of 1934, shall apply in relation Part 111 to amusements with prizes provided as an incident of such an entertainment as aforesaid; but, in relation to any such amusement to which any of the said provisions would apply but for this subsection, the conditions set out in the next following subsection shall be observed, and if either of those conditions is contravened every person concerned in the provision or conduct of that amusement shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that the contravention occurred without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent it.

(3) The conditions referred to in the last foregoing subsection

(a) that the whole proceeds of the entertainment (including

the proceeds of any amusements to which this subsection applies) after deducting—

(i) the expenses of the entertainment, including any expenses incurred in connection with any such amusements and the provision of prizes thereat; and

(ii) any other amounts authorised to be deducted by paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of the said section twenty-three,

will be devoted to purposes other than private gain; and

(b) that the opportunity to win prizes at amusements to

which this subsection applies, or that opportunity together with facilities offered by virtue of the said section twenty-three for participating in a lottery or by virtue of section twenty of this Act for taking part in gaming, is not the only, or the only substantial, inducement to persons to attend the entertainment.

(4) In paragraph () of subsection (2) of the said section twenty-three (which makes provision corresponding to paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection), the reference to facUities offered for participating in lotteries shall be construed as including a reference both to such an opportunity as is mentioned in the said paragraph ( ) and to facilities offered by virtue of section twenty of this Act for taking part in gaming.

24.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for Provision of

the purpose of permitting the provision of amusements with amusements

prizes— '"*Pri2es

/v . , , . , ... at certain

(a) on any premises m respect of which a permit for the commercial

provision thereon of such amusements has been granted entertainments, by the local authority, and is for the time being in force, under the Third Schedule to this Act; and

(b) at any pleasure fair consisting wholly or mainly of amusements provided by travelling showmen which

2 B* 2

780

Part III

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

is held on any day of a year on premises not previously used in that year on more than twenty-seven days for the holding of such a pleasure fair.

(2) Nothing in any of the following provisions, that is to say, sections sixteen to eighteen of this Act and sections twenty-one and twenty-two of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, shall apply in relation to amusements with prizes provided on such premises as are mentioned in paragraph (a) or at such a pleasure fair as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection; but, in relation to any such amusement to which any of the said provisions would apply but for this subsection, the conditions set out in subsection (3) of this section shall be observed, and if any of those conditions is contravened every person concerned in the provision or conduct of that amusement shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that the contravention occurred without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent it

(3) The conditions referred to in the last foregoing subsection arete) that the amount paid by any person for any one chance

to win a prize does not exceed one shilling;

(b) that the aggregate amount taken by way of the sale of chances in any one determination of winners, if any, of prizes does not exceed fifty shillings, and that the sale of those chances and the declaration of the result take place on the same day and on the premises on which, and during the time when, the amusement is provided;

(c) that no money prize is distributed or offered which exceeds one shilling; id) that the winning of, or the purchase of a chance to win, a prize does not entitle any person, whether or not subject to a further payment by him, to any further opportunity to win money or money’s worth by taking part in any amusement with prizes or in any gaming or lottery;

(e) in the case of such a pleasure fair as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, that the opportunity to win prizes at amusements to which this subsection applies is not the only, or the only substantial, inducement to persons to attend the fair.

(4) Where any amusement with prizes takes the form of a game played by means of a machine, being a game which is made playable by the insertion of a coin or coins into the machine, then, notwithstanding that, in addition to a money prize, a successful player receives the opportunity to play the game again without the insertion of another coin, the condition set out in paragraph

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

781

() of subsection (3) of this section shall not be deemed to be con- Part 111 travened if the aggregate amount which can be won by the player without inserting another coin does not exceed one shilling.

25.—(1) Nothing in sections sixteen to eighteen of this Act Amusement or in section twenty-one or twenty-two of the Betting and machines. Lotteries Act, 1934, shall apply to a game played by means of a machine in accordance with the conditions set out in subsection (2) of this section.

(2) The conditions referred to in the foregoing subsection are that—

(a) the game is made playable by the insertion of a coin

or coins into the machine by means of which it is played; and

(b) a successful player neither receives nor is offered any benefit other than—

(i) the opportunity, afforded by the automatic action of the machine, to play the game again without the insertion of another coin; or

(ii) the delivery by the machine of a coin or coins of a value or aggregate value not exceeding that required in order to play the game once.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

26.—(1) In the following provisions that is to say, section Playing of forty-four of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1839, section twenty- on eight of the City of London Police Act, 1839, section thirty^wo ?|j~ises of the Refreshment Houses Act, 1860, and subsection (1) of p section one hundred and forty-one of the Licensing Act, 1953 (which prohibit gaming in refreshment houses or on licensed premises), and in any condition contained in any certificate granted under the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1959, any reference to gaming or unlawful games shall be construed as a reference to the playing of any game in such circumstances that an offence under Part II of this Act is committed or a requirement or restriction for the time being in force under section nineteen of this Act is contravened.

(2) So much of section thirteen of the Gaming Act, 1845, as prevents a billiard room on premises licensed under the Licensing Act, 1953, from being used for other games or purposes during times when the playing (therein of billiards, bagatelle and similar games is prohibited, that is to say, the words " and every billiard room in every house specified in any victualler’s licence ", shall cease to have effect.

782

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV 27.—(1) If a justice of the peace is satisfied on information

Enforcement on oath that there is reasonable ground for suspecting that an and penalties, offence under this Act is being, has been or is about to be committed on any premises, he may issue a warrant in writing authorising any constable to enter those premises, if necessary by force, at any time within fourteen days from the time of the issue of the warrant and search them; and any constable who enters the premises under the authority of the warrant may—

(a) seize and remove any document, money or valuable

thing, instrument or other thing whatsoever found on the premises which he has reasonable cause to believe may be required as evidence for the purposes of proceedings in respect of any such offence; and

(b) arrest and search any person found on the premises

whom he has reasonable cause to believe to be committing or to have committed any such offence.

In its application to Scotland, this subsection shall have effect as if for the reference to a justice of the peace there were substituted a reference to the sheriff or a magistrate or justice of the peace having jurisdiction in the place where the premises are situated.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under any of the following provisions of this Act, that is to say, subsection (2) of section one, section two, or subsection (4) of section sixteen, shall be liable to the penalties provided by subsection (1) of section thirty of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, for the offences therein mentioned, that is to say—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or, in the case of a second or any subsequent conviction for an offence under the same provision, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to both; or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or, in the case of a second or any subsequent conviction for an offence under the same provision, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year or to a fine not exceeding seven hundred and fifty pounds or to both.

(3) A person guilty of an offence under any provision of this Act not mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, being a provision which does not provide a special penalty, shall be liable to the penalties provided by subsection (2) of the said section thirty for the offences to which that subsection applies, that is to say—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or, in the case of a second or any subsequent

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

783

conviction for an offence under the same provision. Part IV to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both; or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding three hundred pounds or, in the case of a second or any subsequent conviction for an offence under the same provision, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or to both.

(4) Where an offence under this Act committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

In this subsection, the expression " director ", in relation to a body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of that body corporate.

(5) The court by or before which any person is convicted of any offence under this Act may order anything produced to the court and shown to the satisfaction of the court to relate to the offence to be forfeited and either destroyed or dealt with in such other manner as the court may order.

28.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise Interpretation, requires, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

"appointed day" means such day as the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument appoint, and different days may be appointed for England and Scotland respectively and for different purposes of this Act;

"approved horse racecourse" means an approved racecourse within the meaning of the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928;

" betting agency permit " has the meaning assigned by subsection (2) of section four of this Act;

" betting office licence " has the meaning assigned by subsection (1) of section four of this Act;

784 Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1960

Part IV " betting transaction " includes the collection or payment of

winnings on a bet and any transaction in which one or more of the parties is acting as a bookmaker;

" the Board ’* means the Racecourse Betting Control Board;

" bookmaker " means any person other than the Board who, whether on his own account or as servant or agent to any other person, carries on, whether occasionally or regularly, die business of receiving or negotiating bets or conducting pool betting operations, or who by way of business in any manner holds himself out, or permits himself to be held out, as a person who receives or negotiates bets or conducts such operations, so, however, that a person shall not be deemed to be a bookmaker by reason only of the fact—

(a) that he carries on, or is employed in, sponsored pool betting business; or

(b) that he operates, or is employed in operating, a totalisator;

and the expression " bookmaking " shall be construed accordingly;

" bookmaker’s permit " has the meaning assigned by subsection (1) of section two of this Act;

" contravention ", in relation to any requirement, includes a failure to comply with that requirement, and " contravene " shall be construed accordingly;

"game of chance" includes a game of chance and skill combined and a pretended game of chance or of chance and skill oombined, but does not include any athletic game or sport;

"gaming" means the playing of a game of chance for winnings in money or money’s worth;

"licensed betting office" means premises in respect of which a betting office licence is for the time being in force;

"licensee", in relation to a licensed betting office, means the holder of the betting office licence for the time being in force in respect of that office;

"money" includes a cheque, banknote, postal order or money order;

"player", in relation to a game of chance, includes any person taking part in the game against whom other persons taking part in the game stake, play or bet;

" pool betting " has the same meaning as for the purposes of section six of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947;

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

785

" pool betting business " means business involving the Part IV receiving or negotiating of bets made by way of pool betting;

" premises " includes any place and, in sections one, sixteen and seventeen of this Act, includes any vessel;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, and any such regulations may make different provision for different circumstances;

"recognised horse race" means a horse race run on an approved horse racecourse on a day when horse races but no other races take place on that racecourse;

'* sponsored pool betting " means pool betting by means of facilities provided by the Board or provided on an approved horse racecourse with the authority of the Board by the persons having the management of that racecourse;

" totalisator " means the contrivance for betting known as the totalisator or pari mutuel, or any other machine or instrument of betting of a like nature, whether mechanically operated or not;

u winnings " includes winnings of any kind and any reference to the payment of winnings shall be construed accordingly.

(2) The powers to make an act of sederunt conferred on the Court of Session by paragraphs 21 and 25 of the First Schedule (including the said paragraph 25 as applied by sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 29 of that Schedule) and paragraph 8 of the Third Schedule to this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply to any such instrument in like manner as if those powers had been conferred on a Minister of the Crown.

(3) Save where the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including any enactment contained in this Act.

29.—(1) The Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect Amendments for the purpose of making certain provision consequential upon " repeals in the provisions of this Act. other Acts*

(2) The provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with a view to securing consistency and uniformity in, and facilitating the consolidation of, the enactments relating to betting, gaming and lotteries.

v^»

786

Part IV

Expenses

Short title, extent and commencement.

Sections 2, 4, 10, 28 (2).

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Buz. 2

Act, 1960

(3) The enactments specified in Part II of the Sixth Schedule to this Act (including any of those enactments as incorporated in, or adopted by or under, any local Act) are hereby repealed to the extent respectively specified in the third column of the said Part II.

(4) Where any provision contained in any local Act passed before this Act appears to the Secretary of State to have been superseded by, or to be inconsistent with, an enactment contained in any of the following, that is to say, this Act, section one of the Betting and Loans (Infants) Act, 1892, the Street Betting Act, 1906, the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928, the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, the Pool Betting Act, 1954, and the Small Lotteries and Gaming Act, 1956, the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument, a draft of which shall be laid before Parliament, specify that provision for the purposes of this subsection; and, without prejudice to the operation in the meantime of any rule of law relating to the effect on any such provision of any such enactment, any provision so specified is hereby repealed as from the date of the making of the order.

30. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under any other enactment

31. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Betting and Gaming Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force on the appointed day.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Bookmaker's Permits, Betting Agency Permits and Betttno

Office Licences

Introductory

1. The authority responsible for the grant or renewal of bookmaker's permits, betting agency permits and betting office licences shall be—

(a) in any petty sessions area in England, a committee constituted in the prescribed manner of not less than five nor more than fifteen of the justices acting for that area, who may sit in two or more divisions, the quorum at any meeting of that committee or a division thereof being three;

1960 Betting and Gaming Ch. 60

Act, 1960

(6) in any licensing area within the meaning of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1959, the licensing court constituted for that area under section one or two of that Act.

2. In this Schedule, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

44 appropriate authority " means such a committee or court as is mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule and, in relation to a bookmaker's permit or betting agency permit or in relation to an application for the grant or renewal of a betting office licence, means, subject to paragraph 11 of this Schedule, the committee or court such as aforesaid for the petty sessions area or licensing area in which the relevant premises are, or are to be, situated;

" appropriate local authority " means—

(a) in England, the local authority (being the council of a county borough, metropolitan borough or county district or die Common Council of the City of London) within whose area the relevant premises are, or are to be, situated;

(b) in Scotland, where the relevant premises are, or are to be, situated in a burgh, the council of that burgh, and in any other case the council of the county, and the council of the district, within which the relevant premises are, or are to be, situated;

44 appropriate officer of police " means the chief officer of police for the police area in which the relevant premises are, or are to be, situated;

44clerk to the appropriate authority", where the authority is a committee of the justices acting for a petty sessions area, means the clerk to those justices or, if there are two or more clerks to those justices—

(a) such one of those clerks as the magistrates' courts committee having power over the appointment of clerks to justices for that area may direct; or

(b) in default of any such direction, any of those clerks;

44 relevant premises " means—

(a) in relation to a bookmaker's permit or betting agency permit, the premises at which for the time being the applicant for or holder of the permit has his office or, if he has more than one office, his principal office or, if he is a company, his registered office or, if he has no office, his usual place of residence;

(b) in relation to an application for the grant or renewal of a betting office licence, the premises in respect of which the application is made.

787

1st Sch.

788

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Fjj7- 2

1st Sch.

Applications for grant of permit or licence

3. Each appropriate authority shall for each year fix a day in each of the months of—

(a) January, April, July and October if the authority is in

England; or

(b) January, March, June and October if the authority is in

Scotland,

as a day on which, subject to paragraphs 7 and 8 of this Schedule, they will hold a meeting for the purpose of considering any application for the grant of a bookmaker's permit, betting agency permit or betting office licence then awaiting consideration.

4. In addition to any meeting on a day fixed in pursuance of the last foregoing paragraph, an appropriate authority may hold a meeting on any other day for the purpose of considering such applications as aforesaid.

5. Any such application as aforesaid may be made at any time and shall be made to the clerk to the appropriate authority in such form and manner, and shall contain such particulars, and, if the application is for a permit, give such references, as may be prescribed; and, not later than seven days after the date when the application is made, the applicant shall send a copy of the application to the appropriate officer of police and. in the case of an application for the grant of a betting office licence, to the appropriate local authority; and if the applicant knowingly makes any false statement in any such application or copy thereof he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

6. Not later than fourteen days after the making of any such application as aforesaid to the appropriate authority, the applicant shall cause to be published by means of an advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the authority's area a notice of the making of the application which shall also state that any person who desires to object to the grant of the permit or licence should send to the clerk to the authority, before such date not earlier than fourteen days after the publication of the advertisement as may be specified in the notice, two copies of a brief statement in writing of the grounds of his objection; and, in the case of an application for the grant of a betting office licence in respect of any premises, the applicant shall also cause a like notice to be posted up outside the entrance, or on the site of the proposed entrance, to the premises not later than fourteen days before the date specified as aforesaid and take such steps as he reasonably can to keep that notice so posted until that date.

7. Not later than seven days after the publication of the newspaper containing the advertisement of any such application as aforesaid required by the last foregoing paragraph, the applicant shall send a copy of that newspaper to the clerk to the appropriate authority, and the authority shall not consider the application earlier than fourteen days after the date specified in the advertisement; and, not earlier than the said date and not less than seven

1960 Betting and Gaming Ch. 60

Act, 1960

days before the date appointed for the consideration of the application, the clerk to the authority shall send notice in writing or the date, time and place of the meeting of the authority ait which the application will be considered—

(a) to the applicant;

(b) to the appropriate officer of police; and

(c) if the clerk has received from any person an objection in writing which has not been withdrawn and the address of that person is known to the clerk, to that person,

and also cause notice of that meeting to be displayed at the place where the meeting is to be held in a position where the notice may conveniently be read by members of the public; and in sending such a notice to the applicant the clerk shall include therewith a copy of any objection to the grant of the permit or licence which has been received by the clerk from the appropriate officer of police, the aippropriate local authority or any other person.

8. The appropriate authority shall not consider any application for the grant of a betting office licence before the appointed day and shall not grant any such application made before that day until they have considered all such applications so made; and for the period of one year commencing with that day the appropriate authority shall, in granting betting office licences, give preference over any other applicant to the Board and to any person who satisfies the authority—

(a) that he is carrying on, or proposes to carry on, business on

his own account as a bookmaker wholly or mainly within an area comprised in or adjoining the authority's area; and

(b) that he or a predecessor in title to that business was so carrying on that business during the whole or a substantial part of the period of twelve months ending with the second day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine.

Applications for renewal of permit or licence

9. Each appropriate authority, in each year in which any application for the renewal of a bookmaker's permit, betting agency permit or betting office licence, other than an application to which sub-paragraph (6) of paragraph 11 of this Schedule applies, falls to be made to the authority, shall in the month of February (if the authority is in England) or January (if the authority is in Scotland) give in writing to the holder of that permit or licence, and cause to be published by means of an advertisement in a newspaper circulating in their area, notice of a day in April (if the authority is in England) or March (if the authority is in Scotland) on which they will hold a meeting for the purpose of considering such applications, and that notice shall include the time and place appointed for the meeting and shall state—

(a) in the case of the notice given to the holder of any permit or licence, that any such application must be received by

789

1st Sch.

790

1st Sgh.

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

the clerk to the authority before a specified date, being a date not earlier than fourteen days after both the giving of the notice in writing and the publication of the advertisement aforesaid;

(b) in the case of the notice given by advertisement, that any person who desires to object to the renewal by the authority of any particular permit or licence should send to the clerk to the authority before the same date two copies of a brief statement in writing of the grounds of his objection.

10. Any application for the renewal of such a permit or licence as aforesaid, other than an application to which sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 11 of this Schedule applies, shall be made to the clerk to the appropriate authority before the date specified for the purpose in the notice given in pursuance of the last foregoing paragraph, and shall be in such form and contain such particulars as may be prescribed; and, not earlier than that date nor later than seven days before the day in April or, as the case may be, March appointed by the said notice for the consideration of such applications, the clerk to the authority—

(a) if he has received from any person an objection in writing to the renewal of a particular permit or licence (being an objection which has not been withdrawn) and the address of that person is known to the clerk, shall send to that person in writing a notification as to whether or not an application for the renewal of that permit or licence has been made;

(b) shall send to the person by whom any application for the renewal of a permit or licence has been duly made a copy of any objection to the renewal which he has received from the appropriate officer of police, the appropriate local authority or any other person and which has not been withdrawn.

11. Where in any year, by reason of a change in the office or usual place of residence of the holder of a bookmaker’s permit or betting agency permit, an application for the renewal of that permit falls, or would but for this paragraph fall, to be made to an authority other than the authority by which the permit was last either granted or renewed, then—

(a) unless the change takes place before the first day of

February or, where the first-mentioned authority is in Scotland, January in that year, any application for the renewal of the permit shall be made to and considered by the authority by which the permit was last either granted or renewed;

(b) if the change takes place before the said first day of February or, as the case may be, January, paragraphs 5 to 7 of this Schedule shall apply to an application to the first-mentioned authority for the renewal of the permit as if it were an application for the grant thereof.

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

791

Proceedings before appropriate authority

12. On any application for the grant or renewal of a bookmaker's permit, betting agency permit or betting office licence, the appropriate authority may grant or renew the permit or licence without hearing the applicant if no objection to the grant or renewal has been made by any person or if every such objection has been withdrawn before the beginning of the meeting of the authority at which the authority considers the application; but, save as aforesaid, at any such meeting any of the following persons, that is to say—

(a) the applicant;

(b) any person from whom an objection in writing which has not been withdrawn was received by the clerk to the authority before the day on which he sent out the documents referred to in paragraph 7 or, as the case may be, paragraph 10 of this Schedule; and

(c) the person making any other objection which the authority has decided under paragraph 13 of this Schedule that they will hear,

shall be entitled to be heard either in person or by counsel or a solicitor; and the authority shall also hear any representations made otherwise than by way of objection by, or by any person authorised in that behalf by, the appropriate officer of police.

13. Where in the case of an application for the grant or renewal of any such permit or licence as aforesaid an objection to the grant or renewal is received or made on or after the day referred to in sub-paragraph (h) of paragraph 12 of this Schedule, the authority may refuse to entertain the objection and, unless the applicant requests otherwise, shall not hear it until the objector has given to the clerk and to the applicant, and the applicant has had time to consider, a brief statement in writing of the grounds of his objection.

14. An appropriate authority may from time to time adjourn the consideration of any application for the grant or renewal of such a permit or licence as aforesaid, whether for the purposes of paragraph 13 of this Schedule or for any other purpose.

15. On the consideration of any application for the grant or renewal of any such permit or licence as aforesaid, the appropriate authority may take evidence on oath and may make such order as they think fit for the payment of costs or, in Scotland, expenses by or to the applicant to or by any person who made an objection to the grant or renewal which was not withdrawn before the day referred to in sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 12 of this Schedule; and any costs ordered by an authority in England to be paid under this paragraph shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt

1st Sen

792

1st Sch

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

Grounds for refusal to grant or renew bookmaker's or betting agency permit

16. The appropriate authority shall refuse any application for the grant or renewal of a bookmaker's permit or betting agency permit if it appears that the applicant-

fa) not being a body corporate, is under twenty-one years of age; or

(6) is for the time being disqualified under subsection (3) of section eight of this Act; or

(c) not being a body corporate, is not resident in Great Britain or was not so resident throughout the six months immediately preceding the date when the application was made; or

yd) being a body corporate, is not incorporated in Great Britain : or

(e) has within the immediately preceding twelve months been

refused the grant or renewal—

(i) of a bookmaker's permit under sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 17 of this Schedule; or

(ii) of a betting agency permit under sub-paragraph (h) of paragraph 18 of this Schedule; or

(f) has been the holder of a bookmaker's permit which has

been cancelled within the immediately preceding twelve months under paragraph 28 of this Schedule.

17. In the case of an application for the grant or renewal of a bookmaker's permit, and subject to paragraph 19 of this Schedule, the appropriate authority may refuse the application if—

(a) they are not satisfied that the applicant is, or satisfactory evidence is produced that the applicant is not, a fit and proper person to be the holder of a bookmaker's permit; or

(b) the authority are satisfied that, if the permit were to be granted or renewed, the business to which it relates would be managed by, or carried on for the benefit of, a person other than the applicant, being a person who would himself be refused the grant or renewal of such a permit either under paragraph 16 of this Schedule or under sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph.

18. In the case of an application for the grant or renewal of a betting agency permit, the appropriate authority—

(a) shall refuse the application unless the authority are satisfied

that the applicant is for the time being accredited as mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section four of this Act;

(b) subject to paragraph 19 of this Schedule, may refuse the

application if they are not satisfied that the applicant is, or satisfactory evidence is produced that the applicant is not. a fit and proper person to hold a betting office licence.

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

793

19. For the purposes of paragraph 17 or 18 of this Schedule, the appropriate authority shall disregard—

(a) any conviction for an offence under the Betting Act, 1853, or under section three hundred and ninety-three or four hundred and seven of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, section fifty-one of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903, or any corresponding provision of any local Act;

(b) any conviction for an offence under the Street Betting Act,

1906, the penalty for which does not fall to be determined under section six of this Act; and

(c) any conviction for an offence under subsection (2) of section one of this Act committed before the day appointed for the purposes of the said section six,

and, without prejudice to their power under paragraph 14 of this Schedule to adjourn consideration of the application, shall also disregard—

(i) any proceedings for such an offence as is mentioned in

subsection (1) of section eight of this Act which have been commenced but not yet determined; and

(ii) any cancellation of a permit under the said subsection (1) or under paragraph 28 of this Schedule which has not yet taken effect

Grounds for refusal to grant or renew betting office licence

20. —(1) In the case of an application for the grant or renewal of a betting office licence in respect of any premises, the appropriate authority—

(a) shall refuse the application if they are not satisfied—

(i) in the case of an applicant other than the Board, that on the date with effect from which the licence would come into force, or, as the case may be, would be continued in force, the applicant will be the holder either of a bookmaker’s permit or of a betting agency permit; and

(ii) that the premises are or will be enclosed; and

(iii) that there are or will be means of access between the premises and a street otherwise than through other premises used for the effecting with persons resorting to those other premises of transactions other than betting transactions;

(b) may refuse the application on the ground—

(i) subject to sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, that, having regard to the lay-out, character, condition or location of the premises, they are not suitable for use as a licensed betting office; or

(ii) that the grant or renewal would be inexpedient having regard to the demand for the time being in the locality for the facilities afforded by licensed betting offices and to the number of such offices for the time being available to meet that demand; or

1ST SCH

794

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

(iii) that the premises have not been properly conducted under the licence.

(2) In the case of an application for the grant of a betting office licence in respect of any premises made by the Board or by any such person as is mentioned in paragraph 8 of this Schedule, being an application made before the expiration of the period of one year beginning with the day appointed for the purposes of the said paragraph 8. the appropriate authority shall not refuse that application on any ground specified in sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (b) of the foregoing sub-paragraph if they are satisfied that, if the licence is granted, every such ground for a refusal of that application will have ceased to exist before the licence falls to be renewed.

Grant or renewal of permit or licence

21. —(1) Save as provided by paragraphs 16 to 20 of this Schedule, the appropriate authority shall not refuse any (application for the grant or renewal of a bookmaker’s permit, betting agency permit or betting office licence made, so far as lies within the control of the applicant, in accordance with the provisions of this Act, but shall grant or renew the permit or licence on payment by the applicant to the clerk to the authority of a fee of—

(a) in the case of the grant of a bookmaker's permit, one

hundred pounds;

(b) in the case of the grant of a betting agency permit, five pounds;

(c) in the case of the renewal of a bookmaker's permit or

betting agency permit or the grant or renewal of a betting office licence, one pound; and if the authority refuse any such application they shall state the grounds of their refusal.

(2) The clerk to any appropriate authority in Scotland shall pay over all fees received by him under this paragraph to the local authority liable under section twenty-one of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1959, to defray the expenses of that appropriate authority; and that local authority shall pay to that clerk, in respect of anything done by him under this Act, such fees as the Court of Session may by act of sederunt prescribe.

Appeals against refusals in England

22. —(1) Where an appropriate authority in England refuse an application for the grant or renewal of a bookmaker's permit, betting agency permit or betting office licence, they shall forthwith notify the applicant of the refusal, and within fourteen days of being so notified the applicant may by notice to the clerk to the authority appeal against the refusal to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority's area.

(2) As soon as practicable after receiving notice of appeal against the refusal, the clerk to the authority shall send the notice to the clerk of the peace together with a statement of the decision from which the appeal is brought and of the name and last known residence or place of business of the appellant and of any person who opposed the application before the authority.

1960 Betting and Gaming Ch. 60

Act, 1960

(3) On receipt of the notice of appeal, the clerk of the peace shall enter the appeal and give in writing not less than seven days notice to the appellant, to the appropriate officer of police and to any person who opposed the application before the authority and, it the appeal relates to a betting office licence, to the authority, of the date, time and place appointed for the hearing of the appeal.

(4) The court of quarter sessions may by its order either—

(a) confirm the refusal; or

(b) on payment by the appellant to the clerk of the peace for transmission to the clerk to the appropriate authority of the appropriate fee under paragraph 21 of this Schedule, grant or renew the permit or licence in the same way as the appropriate authority could have done;

and the judgment of the court of quarter sessions on the appeal shall be final

(5) A justice shall not act in the hearing or determination of an appeal under this paragraph from any decision in which he took part

(6) Sections seven and eight of the Summary Jurisdiction (Appeals) Act, 1933 (which prescribe the courts for the hearing of certain appeals to quarter sessions) shall apply to an appeal under this paragraph as they apply in relation to an appeal from a magistrates* court.

(7) For the purposes of paragraphs 11, 34 and 3S of this Schedule, the grant or renewal of a permit or licence by a court of quarter sessions under this paragraph shall be treated as if it were a grant or renewal by the appropriate authority which refused it.

23. On determining any appeal under paragraph 22 of this Schedule, or on being satisfied that the appellant, after giving notice of such an appeal, has failed to prosecute it, the court of quarter sessions may make such order as it thinks fit for the payment of costs by or to the appellant or any person who opposed the application before the appropriate authority or, if the appeal relates to a betting office licence, the appropriate authority to or by any other of those persons, and any costs ordered to be paid under this paragraph shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt

24. —(1) Where, in the case of an appeal under paragraph 22 of this Schedule with respect to a betting office licence, the court of quarter sessions—

(a) has allowed the appeal; or

(b) has awarded the appropriate authority any costs under paragraph 23 of this Schedule and is satisfied that the appropriate authority cannot recover those costs,

the court shall order payment out of local funds of such sums as appear to the court sufficient to indemnify the appropriate authority from all costs and charges whatever to which they have been put in consequence of the appellants having served notice of appeal.

795

1st Sch.

796

1st Sch.

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(2) Costs payable out of local funds under this paragraph shall be paid—

(a) if the appropriate authority's area is a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions, out of the general rate fund of the borough;

(b) in any other case, out of the county fund of the county in which the appropriate authority's area is situated.

(3) Subsection (1) of section eight and subsection (1) of section eleven of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952 (which make provision for payment out of local funds of costs ordered to be paid under that Act) shall apply to costs ordered to be paid under this paragraph as if any reference in those subsections to a county borough were a reference to a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions.

(4) An order of a court of quarter sessions under this paragraph may be made either at the sessions at which the appeal is heard, or at which it would have been heard if the appeal had been prosecuted, or at die next following sessions; and the costs may be taxed either in or out of sessions.

Appeals against refusals in Scotland

25. —(1) Where an appropriate authority in Scotland refuse any application for the grant or renewal of a bookmaker's permit, betting agency permit or betting office licence, the authority shall forthwith notify the applicant of the refusal and he may appeal, within such time, and in accordance with such rules, as may be prescribed by the Court of Session by act of sederunt, to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the authority's area.

(2) On any such appeal the sheriff may either—

(a) confirm the refusal; or

(b) on payment by the appellant to the sheriff clerk for transmission to the clerk to the appropriate authority of the appropriate fee under paragraph 21 of this Schedule, grant or renew the permit or licence in the same way as the appropriate authority could have done;

and the decision of the sheriff on any such appeal shall be final and may include such order as to the expenses of the appeal as he thinks proper.

(3) For the purposes of paragraphs 11, 34 and 35 of this Schedule, the grant or renewal of a permit or licence by the sheriff under this paragraph shall be treated as if it were a grant or renewal by the appropriate authority which refused it.

Notification of change in directors during currency of bookmaker's

permit

26. If, where the holder of a bookmaker's permit is a body corporate, any change occurs in the persons who are directors thereof or in accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors thereof are accustomed to act, the holder of the permit shall as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of the

1960 Betting and Gaming Ch. 60

Act, 1960

change give particulars thereof in writing to the clerk to the appropriate authority and to the appropriate officer of police; and if the holder of the permit fails to comply with this paragraph he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

Cancellation of bookmaker’s permit by appropriate authority

27. If in the case of any bookmaker’s permit an application is made at any time to the clerk to the appropriate authority by any person in the prescribed form and manner requesting that the permit be forfeited and cancelled and accompanied by two copies of a statement of the grounds on which the application is made, the clerk to the authority shall submit the application to any one member of the authority who, after considering the statement accompanying the application-

fa) if he is of opinion—

(i) that further consideration of the matters referred to in that statement is unnecessary or inexpedient before the renewal of the permit falls to be considered; or

(ii) that the authority would be required by virtue of sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 28 of this Schedule to refuse the application,

shall cause notice in writing to be given to the applicant that the application is refused without prejudice to the raising of the same matters by way of objection in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule to a renewal of the permit;

(b) unless he is of such opinion as aforesaid, shall refer the application to the appropriate authority.

28. —(1) Where an application for the cancellation of a permit is referred to the appropriate authority under the last foregoing paragraph, the clerk to the authority shall, unless the application has been withdrawn, give to the applicant, to the holder of the permit and to the appropriate officer of police not less than twenty-one days notice in writing of the date, time and place appointed for the consideration of the application by the authority, and shall send to the holder of the permit together with that notice a copy of the applicant’s statement of the grounds on which the application is made.

(2) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, at any meeting of the appropriate authority to consider the application, the applicant and the holder of the permit shall be entitled to be heard either in person or by counsel or a solicitor; and where the applicant is a person other than the appropriate officer of police the authority shall also hear any representations made by, or by any person authorised in that behalf by, that officer; and paragraphs 14 and 15 of this Schedule shall apply in relation to the application as they apply in relation to an application for the renewal of a permit, subject to the following modifications of the said paragraph 15, that is to say—

id)as if the reference therein to the applicant for renewal were a reference to the holder of the permit; and

797

1st Sob.

798

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Elk. 2

1st Sch.

(b) as if the reference therein to any person who made an objection as mentioned in that paragraph were a reference to the person by whom the application under paragraph 27 of this Schedule was made.

(3) The appropriate authority shall refuse the application if they are satisfied that it is made on grounds which—

(a) have been or ought properly to have been raised previously

by way of objeotion either when the permit was granted or on an occasion when it has been renewed; or

(b) are or have been the subject matter of proceedings for such an offence as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section eight of this Act

(4) The appropriate authority shall not cancel the permit unless—

(a) satisfactory evidence is produced that the holder is no

longer a fit and proper person to hold such a permit; or

(b) the authority are satisfied that the business to which it relates is being managed by, or carried on for the benefit of, a person other than the holder, being a person who would himself be refused the grant of such a permit either under paragraph 16 or under sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 17 of this Schedule:

Provided that for the purposes of this sub-paragraph the authority sftiall disregard any conviction such as is mentioned in paragraph 19 of this Schedule.

(5) If the appropriate authority decide not to cancel the permit, they shall cause notice in writing to be given to the applicant that the application is refused without prejudice to the raising of the same matters by way of objection in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule to a renewal of the permit

(6) If the appropriate authority decide to forfeit and cancel the permit, the forfeiture and cancellation shall not take effect—

(a) until the expiration of the time within which notice of an appeal under the next following paragraph may be given; nor

(b) if such notice is duly given, until the determination or abandonment of the appeal.

29.—(1) Where the appropriate authority decide to forfeit and cancel a bookmaker's permit on an application under paragraph 27 of this Schedule, the holder of the permit may appeal against that decision to a court of quarter sessions (or in Scotland the sheriff) having jurisdiction in the authority's area, whose decision on the appeal shall be final.

(2) Paragraphs 22 (except sub-paragraphs (4) and (7) thereof), and 23 (or, as the case may be, sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 25) of this Schedule shall apply for the purposes of an appeal under this paragraph against the forfeiture and cancellation of a bookmaker's permit as they apply for the purposes of an appeal against the refusal of an application for the renewal of such a permit subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

799

(a) as if any reference therein to the applicant for renewal were a reference to the holder of the permit; and

(b) as if any reference therein to a person who opposed the application before the appropriate authority were a reference to the person by whom the application under paragraph 27 of this Schedule was made;

and, in the case of an appeal .to the sheriff under this paragraph, the sheriff may make such order as to the expenses of the appeal as he thinks proper.

Duration of permit or licence

30. A bookmaker’s permit, betting agency permit or betting office licence shall be in the prescribed form and shall show the date with effect from which it is to be, or, as the case may be. to be continued, in force and, subject to paragraphs 31 to 34 of this Schedule, shall, undess renewed or, as the case may be, further renewed, cease to be in force at the end of the thirty-first day of May falling not less than three nor more than fifteen months after the date so shown, and shall not be transferable:

Provided that, in relation to any permit or licence granted before the expiration of the period of six months beginning with the date of the coming into force of the provisions of this Act relating to permits or licences of that description, this paragraph shall have effect as if for the words " not less than three nor more than fifteen months’* there were substituted the words Mnot less than six nor more than eighteen months ".

31. Where application for the renewal of such a permit or licence as aforesaid has been made, so far as lies within the control of the applicant, in accordance with the provisions of this Act. the permit or licence shall not cease to be in force by virtue of paragraph 30 of this Schedule before the appropriate authority make their determination on the application.

32. Where the appropriate authority refuse to renew any such permit or licence as aforesaid, the permit or licence shall not cease to be in force by virtue of paragraph 30 of this Schedule before the expiration of the time within which notice of an appeal under paragraph 22 or, as the case may be, paragraph 25 of this Schedule may be given nor, if such notice is duly given, before the determination or abandonment of the appeal.

33. A betting office licence held by the holder of a bookmaker’s permit or betting agency permit shall cease to be in force upon that permit ceasing to be in force, whether by virtue of paragraph 30 of this Schedule or by virtue of its cancellation under subsection (1) of section eight of this Act or under paragraph 28 of this Schedule.

34. In the event of the death of the holder of such a permit or licence as aforesaid, then during the period of six months commencing with the death the permit or licence shall not cease to be in force by virtue of paragraph 30 of this Schedule and, except for the purposes of a renewal of that permit or licence, his legal personal representatives shall be deemed to be the holder thereof;

1st Sch.

800

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

Sections.

and the authority by which the permit or licence was last either granted or renewed may from time to time, on the application of those representatives, extend or further extend the said period of six months if the authority are satisfied that the extension is necessary for the purpose of winding up the deceased's estate and that no other circumstances make it undesirable.

Registers of permits and licences

35. The cleik to each appropriate authority shall keep registers in the prescribed form and containing the prescribed particulars of all bookmaker’s permits, betting agency permits and betting office licences granted or renewed by that authority, and any such register shall be open during reasonable hours for inspection by any constable or. on payment of the prescribed fee, by any other person.

Service of documents

36. Any provision of this Schedule requiring any notice or other document to be given or sent to any person by the clerk to an appropriate authority or by the clerk of the peace shall be deemed to be satisfied if the document is either served personally on that person or sent to him by post at his usual or last-known residence or place of business in the United Kingdom or, in the case of a company, at the company’s registered office.

SECOND SCHEDULE Rules for Licensed Betting Offices

1. The licensed premises shall be closed throughout Good Friday, Christmas Day and every Sunday, and at such other times, if any, as may be prescribed, and shall not be used for any purpose other than the effecting of betting transactions.

2. No person who is apparently under the age of eighteen years, or who is known to any person connected with the licensee’s business and present on the licensed premises to be under that age. shall be admitted to or allowed to remain on those premises, so, however, that in any proceedings for a contravention of this rule in respect of a person apparently under the said age it shall be a defence to prove that at the time of the alleged contravention he had in fact attained that age.

3. The licensee—

(a) shall display his betting office licence on the licensed

premises;

(b) shall exhibit on those premises such notices in such form and in such positions as may be prescribed; and

(c) shall comply with any prescribed restrictions with respect to the exhibiting of other written matter or of signs of any description on the licensed premises.

4. Neither the licensee nor any servant or agent of his shall, while any other person is on the licensed premises, encourage him to bet

5. No facilities for—

(a) seeing any television broadcast; or

1960 Betting and Gaming Ch. 60

Act, 1960

(6) hearing any sound broadcast which—

(i) is transmitted by wireless telegraphy within the meaning of the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1949, and is intended to be received by the general public; or

(ii) comprises matter other than information relating to events in connection with which betting transactions may be or have been effected on the licensed premises,

shall be provided or allowed to be used on the licensed premises, and neither the licensee nor any servant or agent of his shall cause or permit any such facilities to be provided at any place under his control in such a manner that they can be enjoyed by persons resorting to the licensed premises; and no music, dancing or other entertainment shall be provided or allowed, and no refreshment of any kind shall be served, on those premises.

6. Except for the licensee and any servant or agent of his, no person resorting to the licensed premises shall be allowed to use any means of direct access between the licensed premises and other premises used for the effecting with persons resorting to those other premises of transactions other than betting transactions.

THIRD SCHEDULE Permits for Provision of Amusements with Prizes

1. Application for the grant of a permit for the provision of amusements with prizes on any premises may be made to the local authority by the person who is. or by any person who proposes if the permit is granted to become, the occupier of those premises; and the holder of such a permit may apply to the local authority from time to time for a renewal of his permit

2. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the grant or renewal of a permit under this Schedule shall be at the discretion of the local authority, and if the permit is granted or renewed it shall cease to be in force on such date, not being earlier than three years after the date of the grant or renewal, as the authority may specify:

Provided that, where application for the renewal of a permit is made not less than one month before the date specified as aforesaid, the permit shall not cease to be in force before the authority have made their determination on the application or the application has been withdrawn.

3. Where not later than one month after the date of the coming into force of this Schedule an application for the grant of a permit under this Schedule is made in respect of any premises shown to have been used on not less than twenty-nine days during the period of twelve months immediately preceding that date for the provision of amusements with prizes, not being only such games played by means of a machine as are mentioned in section twenty-five of this Act, then, unless the premises were so used without any planning permission required in that behalf under the Town and

2 C

801

2nd Sch.

Sections 22, 24

28 (2).

802

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. Country Planning Acts, 1947 to 1959, or the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Acts, 1947 to 1959, the local authority shall grant the permit for a period of not less than five years.

4. The local authority shall not refuse an application for the grant or renewal of a permit under this Schedule without giving the applicant or a person acting for him an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by the authority or a committee thereof, and shall not refuse an application f6r the renewal of such a permit otherwise than by reason of the conditions in which amusements with prizes have been provided under the permit or the manner in which those amusements have been conducted.

5. On any grant or renewal by the local authority of a permit under this Schedule there shall be paid to the authority by the applicant for the grant or renewal a fee of one pound.

6. A permit under this Schedule shall not be transferable and shall be of no effect at any time when the holder of the permit is not the occupier of the premises to which it relates; but in the event of the death of the holder of such a permit, then during die period of six months commencing with the death the permit shall be deemed to continue in force and, except for the purposes of a renewal of the permit, his legal personal representatives shall be deemed to be the holder thereof; and the local authority may from time to time, on the application of those representatives, extend or further extend the said period of six months if the authority are satisfied that the extension is necessary for the purpose of winding up the deceased’s estate and that no other circumstances make it undesirable.

7. Where a local authority in England refuse any application for the grant or renewal of a permit under this Schedule, the authority shall forthwith inform the applicant of the refusal and furnish him with a written statement of the grounds thereof, and the applicant may appeal, in accordance with the provisions of the Quarter Sessions Act, 1849* to the next practicable court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the area of the authority and held not less than twenty-one clear days after notice of the refusal is given to him, and notice of any appeal under this paragraph shall be given to the local authority and to the clerk of the peace; and sections seven and eight of the Summary Jurisdiction (Appeals) Act, 1933 (which prescribe the courts for the hearing of certain appeals to quarter sessions) shall apply to an appeal under this paragraph as they apply in relation to an appeal from a magistrates* court

8. Where a local authority in Scotland refuse any application for the grant or renewal of a permit under this Schedule in respect of any premises, the local authority shall forthwith notify the applicant of the refusal and furnish him with a written statement of the grounds thereof, and he may appeal, within such time, and in accordance with such rules, as may be prescribed by the Court of Session by act of sederunt, to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the area in which the premises are situated, and on any such appeal the decision of the sheriff shall be final and may include such order as to the expenses of the appeal as he thinks proper.

1960 Belting and Gaming Ch 60

Act, 1960

9. In the case of a refusal by the local authority to renew a permit under this Schedule, the permit shall not cease to be in force by virtue of paragraph 2 of this Schedule—

(a) until the expiration of the time within which notice of an

appeal under paragraph 7 or, as the case may be, paragraph 8 of this Schedule may be given; nor

(b) if such notice is duly given, until the determination or abandonment of the appeal; nor

(c) if the appeal succeeds, until such date as may be specified

by the local authority under paragraph 2 of this Schedule on renewing the permit in consequence of the allowing of the appeal.

10. In this Schedule, the expression " local authority ", in relation to any premises, means—

(a) in England, the local authority (being the council of a county

borough, metropolitan borough or county district or the Common Council of the City of London) within whose area the premises are situated;

(b) in Scotland, where the premises are situated in a burgh, the council of that burgh, and in any other case the council of the county within which the premises are situated:

Provided that, in the case of premises in Scotland situated within a district, on each occasion on which any functions under this Schedule fall to be performed in relation to those premises by the local authority, that authority shall consult with the council of that district before exercising those functions.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Consequential Provisions

1. In paragraph (3) of section three of the Racecourse Betting Act. 1928, any reference to moneys staked or bets made by means of a totalisator shall be construed as a reference to moneys staked or bets made by way of sponsored pool betting.

2. For the purposes of section one of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934 (which relates to the restriction of betting on tracks), the provision by the Board or by the persons having the management of an approved horse racecourse of any facilities for pool betting shall be deemed to be the operation of a totalisator by the Board or, as the case may be, by those persons.

3. In section three of the said Act of 1934 (which restricts pool betting), in the proviso to subsection (1), the reference to bets bong made by means of a totalisator lawfully operated on an approved horse racecourse shall be construed as a reference to bets bang made by way of sponsored pool betting.

4. In subsection (1) of section eighteen of the said Act of 1934 (which relates to the power of the Board to authorise the persons

2 C 2

803

3rd Sch

Section 29 (IX

804

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

4th Sch. having the management of an approved horse racecourse to operate a totalisator)—

(a) any reference to the setting up, keeping or operation of a totalisator shall be construed as a reference to the carrying on of pool betting business; and

(b) for the words from " by means * to " that fund * there shall be substituted the words 44 shall be paid to the Board, but the Board may pay

5. In subsection (2) of the said section eighteen, the reference to bets to be made by means of a totalisator lawfully operated on an approved horse racecourse shall be construed as a reference to bets to be made by way of sponsored pool betting and to such bets as are mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act made with the Board or, under the authority of the Board, with the persons having the management of an approved horse racecourse.

6. Nothing in subsection (1) of section twenty-six of the said Act of 1934 with respect to the conducting of competitions in connection with a trade or business shall apply in relation to sponsored pool betting.

7. The pool betting duty shall not be charged on, and nothing in the Pool Betting Act, 1954, shall apply to, or to the receiving or negotiating of, bets made by way of sponsored pool betting; and in subsection (2) of section four of the Finance Act, 1952, the expression 44totalisator odds*, in relation to a reoognised horse race, shall be construed as a reference to the odds paid on bets on that race made by way of sponsored pool betting.

8. In subsection (2) of section one hundred and forty-one of the Licensing Act, 1953 (which relates to the conviction of the holder of a justices* licence for an offence in connection with his premises under the Betting Act, 1853), for the words from 44opening* to 44that Act* there shall be substituted the words 44an offence in connection with his premises under subsection (2) of section three of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, or under subsection (2) of section one of the Betting and Gaming Act, 1960 *.

9. In section eleven of the Gaming Act, 1845 (which provides in respect of the keeping of a public billiard table without a licence and of the failure to put and keep up a notice that premises are licensed for billiards penalties by reference to the penalties Cor keeping a common gaming-house)—

(a) for the words "and also* there shall be substituted the words 44 shall be liable to the penalties provided by paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (3) of section twenty-seven of the Betting and Gaming Act, 1960, and *;

(b) for the words from "to be proceeded against* onwards there shall be substituted the words "on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds *.

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

FIFTH SCHEDULE

CH. 60

Amendments to secure Consistency and Uniformity and Facilitate Consolidation

1. The penalties for offences under section one of the Betting and Loans (Infants) Act, 1892, shall, instead of those provided by subsection (1) of that section, be those provided by paragraphs (a) and (h) of subsection (3) of section twenty-seven of this Act.

2. Any person guilty of an offence under section nineteen of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, shall, instead of being liable to the penalties provided by subsection (2) of section thirty of that Act, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

3. Subsections (1), (4) and (5) of section twenty-seven of this Act shall, where applicable, have effect in relation to an offence under any of the following enactments, that is to say, section one of the Betting and Loans (Infants) Act, 1892, the Street Betting Act, 1906, the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, and the Pool Betting Act, 1954, as they have effect in relation to an offence under this Act, and accordingly sections twenty-seven and twenty-nine and subsection (3) of section thirty of the said Act of 1934, shall cease to have effect

4. In each of the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) subsection (2) of section one, subsection (3) of section two, subsection (2) of section four, subsection (2) of section thirteen, section fourteen, subsection (1) of section twenty-three and subsection (3) of section twenty-four of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934; and

(b) subsection (3) of section one of the Small Lotteries and Gaming Act, 1956,

being enactments which provide that it shall be a defence in certain proceedings for the person charged to prove that an offence took place without his knowledge, for the words " without his knowledge" there shall be substituted the words 44 without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent it *.

5. Subsection (4) of section one of the Street Betting Act, 1906 (which defines the expressions 44 street " and 44 public place * for the purposes of that section) shall cease to have effect; and for the purposes of that section the expression 44street* shall have the meaning assigned by paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (3) of section eighteen of this Act; and section three of that Act (which relates to the application of that Act to Scotland) shall cease to have effect

6. In the Betting and Lotteries Act 1934—

(a) the expressions 44 bookmaker *, 44 bookmaking ", 44 pool betting * and 44 pool betting business " shall have the same meanings as they have for the purposes of this Act;

(b) in section three, the words 44 pari mutuel or " in both places where they occur shall be omitted, and in subsection (2) of that section the expression 44 premises * shall have the same meaning as it has for the purposes of section one of this Act;

805

Section 29 (2).

806

5th Sch.

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act% 1960

(c) in section twenty-six, the words " pari mutuel or " shall be omitted;

and the expressions " bookmaker * and " bookmaking * in section fifteen of, and the Sixth Schedule to, the Finance Act, 1948, shall be construed accordingly.

7. Sections seven and eight of the Summary Jurisdiction (Appeals) Act, 1933, shall apply to appeals under subsection (2) of section sixteen of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, as they apply in relation to an appeal from a magistrates* court.

8. In the First Schedule to the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, the expression "qualified accountant*, and in the Pool Betting Act, 1954, the expression " qualified auditor *, shall mean a person who is a member, or a firm all of the partners wherein are members, of one or more of the following bodies, that is to say,—

(a) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

(b) the Society of Incorporated Accountants;

(c) the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

(d) the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

(e) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

(f) any other body of accountants established in the United

Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of Trade.

9. In section twenty of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, in the paragraph beginning "chief officer of police*, the words from "and* where first occurring to "and* where next occurring and the words " the first mentioned expression * shall be omitted.

10. In section thirty-one of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, at the end of the subsection substituted by paragraph (5) there shall be added the words "having jurisdiction in the area in which the track in respect of which the licence was held is situated, and on any such appeal the decision of the sheriff shall be final and may include such order as to the expenses of the appeal as he thinks proper *.

11. In paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section twelve of the Pool Betting Act, 1954, for the words "in accordance with such rules as to notice and otherwise as may be made ’* there shall be substituted the words "within such time, and in accordance with such rules, as may be prescribed *.

12. The Ready Money Football Betting Act, 1920, shall cease to have effect.

13. In subsection (3) of section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1948, for the words "Nothing in this section shall apply* there shall be substituted the words " Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply *.

14. In subsection (6) of section nine of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, after the word "annually * there shall be inserted the words " for the whole of their licensing area *.

1960 Betting and Gaming Ch. 60

Act, 1960

15. In subsection (2) of section thirteen of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, for the words "a track" where those words first occur there shall be substituted the words " a licensed track

16. In the proviso to paragraph 11 of the First Schedule to the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934, for the words "by whom the licensing authority were appointed" there shall be substituted the words " whose functions under Part I of this Act are delegated to that joint committee "

SIXTH SCHEDULE Repeals Part I

Enactments relating to gaming

Session and . Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

33 Hen. 8. c. 9 1621, c. 14 ...

9 Ann. c. 19... 2 Geo. 2. c. 28

The Unlawful Games Act, 1541.

Act of the Parliament of Scotland "Anent Playing at Cardes and dyce and Horse Races ".

The Gaming Act, 1710...

The Unlawful Games Act, 1728.

The whole Act The whole Act.

Sections two to nine. The whole Act

12 Geo. 2. c. 28

The Gaming Act, 1738...

13 Geo. 2. c. 19 18 Geo. 2. c. 34 25 Geo. 2. c. 36

The Gaming Act, 1739... The Gaming Act, 1744... The Disorderly Houses Act, 1751.

The whole Act except sections four and eleven.

The whole Act

The whole Act

In sections five, six, eight and ten, the words " gaminghouses " and " gaminghouse " wherever those words

58 Geo. 3. c. 70

2 & 3 Vict c. 47

8 & 9 Vict c. 109.

The Disorderly Houses Act, 1818.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1839.

The Gaming Act, 1845...

occur.

In section seven, the words " gaming-house " in both places where they occur.

Section forty-eight

The whole Act except sections ten to fourteen, seventeen and eighteen and the Third Schedule.

17 & 18 Vict c. 38.

32 & 33 Vict c. 87.

36 & 37 Vict, c. 38.

The Gaming Houses Act 1854.

The Prevention of Gaming (Scotland) Act 1869. The Vagrant Act Amendment Act. 1873.

The whole Act The whole Act The whole Act

807

5th Sol

Section 15.

808

6th Sch.

Section 29 (3).

Ch. 60 Betting and Gaming 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1960

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

55 & 56 Vict c. 55.

The Burgh Police (Scot- Except so far as it relates to land) Act 1892. betting, section three hundred

and ninety-three.

In section four hundred and six.

the words from 44 who shall

be M to "hazard, or".

Except so far as it relates to betting, section four hundred

and seven.

3 Edw. 7. c. 33

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 23.

4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 45.

The Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1903.

The Gaming Machines (Scotland) Act 1917. The Small Lotteries and Gaming Act 1956.

Except so far as it relates to betting, section fifty-one.

The whole Act

In Section four, subsections (2), (3) and (6), and in subsection (5) the words from " being " to 44 applies *.

In subsection (1) of section five, the words 44 and four *.

Part n Other enactments

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

8 & 9 Vict c. 109. The Gaming Act, 1845... In section thirteen, the words 44 and every billiard room in every house specified in any victualler’s licence *.

16 & 17 Vict The Betting Act, 1853 ... The whole Act

c. 119.

30 & 31 Vict, c. 134. The Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867. Section twenty-three.

37 & 38 Vict The Betting Act, 1874 ... The whole Act

c. 15.

55 & 56 Vict The Burgh Police (Scot- So far as they relate to betting,

c. 55. land) Act, 1892. sections three hundred and ninety-three and four hundred and seven.

3 Edw. 7. c. 33 The Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903. So far as it relates to betting, section fifty-one.

6 Edw. 7.C.43 The Street Betting Act, 1906. In section one, subsections (3) and (4). Section three.

10 A11 Geo. 5. c. 52. The Ready Money Football Betting Act, 1920. The whole Act

18 A19 Geo. 5. c. 27. The Betting (Juvenile Messengers) (Scotland) Act, 1928. The whole Act

18 A19 Geo. 5. The Racecourse Betting In section one, subsection (2)

c. 41. Act, 1928. and paragraph (a) of sub* section (3). In section two, in subsection (2), the words from 44 and may acquire " onwards. In section three, paragraphs (4) to (7).

1960

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

Ch. 60

809

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

24 & 25 Geo. 5. The Betting and Lotteries c. 58. Act, 1934.

In section three, the words* pari mutuel or* in both places where they occur, and, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1), the words " under the Racecourse

Betting Act, 1928, as amended by this Act *.

In section eleven, in subsection (1), the words from "Notwithstanding * to " contrary * and the words from "and for* onwards.

Section fifteen.

In section eighteen, in subsection (1), the words * under subsection (2) of section one of the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928*, and subsections (3) and (5).

In section twenty, the paragraph beginning * bookmaker*, and in the paragraph beginning " chief officer of police*’ the words from * and * where first occurring to "and* where next occurring and the words * the first mentioned expression *.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Finance (No. 2) Act, c. 9. 1947.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Pool Betting Act, c. 33. 1954.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Small Lotteries and c. 35. Gaming Act, 1956

(Amendment) Act, 1959.

In section twenty-six, the words " pari mutuel or *.

Sections twenty-seven and twenty-nine.

In section thirty, subsection (3).

In section thirty-one, paragraph

(8).

In the First Schedule, paragraph 12.

In section six, in subsection (1), the words from "other" to * Board *, and, in subsection (6), the words "‘approved horse racecourse* and".

In section eight, subsection (3) from the beginning to the word "and" in the second place where that word occurs.

Section ten.

In section eleven, in paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1), the words from " on an * to the words " 1928, or ", and subsection (2).

The whole Act

600

2 C*

6th Sch.

Ch. 60

Betting and Gaming

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Metropolitan Police Act, 1839 City of London Police Act, 1839 Gaming Act, 1845 Quarter Sessions Act, 1849 Betting Act, 1853 Refreshment Houses Act, 1860 Betting Act, 1874 Betting and Loans (Infants) Act, 1892 Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903 Street Betting Act, 1906 Ready Money Football Betting Act, 1920 ... Racecourse Betting Act, 1928 Summary Jurisdiction (Appeals) Act, 1933 ... Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934 Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947 Companies Act, 1948 Finance Act, 1948 Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1949 Finance Act, 1952 Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952 Licensing Act, 1953 Pool Betting Act, 1954 Small Lotteries and Gaming Act, 1956 Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1959 2 & 3 Vict c. 47. 2 & 3 Vict c. xdv. 8 & 9 Vict. c. 109. 12 & 13 Vict c. 45. 16 & 17 Vict c. 119. 23 & 24 Vict c. 27. 37 & 38 Vict c. 15. 55 & 56 Vict c. 4. 55 & 56 Vict c. 55. 3 Edw. 7. c. 33. 6 Edw. 7. c. 43. 10 & 11 Geo. 5.C.52. 18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 41. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 38. 24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 58. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 9. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 49. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 54. 15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2 c. 33. 15 & 16 Geo. 6 A1 Eliz. 1 c. 48. 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 46. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 33. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 45. 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 51.

1960 Mental Health (Scotland) Ch. 61

Act, 1960

CHAPTER 61

Mental Health (Scotland) , 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I Preliminary

Section

1. Repeal of Lunacy (Scotland) Acts and Mental Deficiency (Scotland)

Acts.

2. Establishment and constitution of Mental Welfare Commission.

3. Dissolution of General Board of Control for Scotland.

4. Functions and duties of the Mental Welfare Commission.

5. Duties of the Secretary of State and of local authorities in relation to

the Mental Welfare Commission.

6. Definition of mental disorder.

Part II Local Authority Services General Provisions

7. Functions of local health authorities.

8. Functions of welfare authorities.

9. Functions of children authorities.

10. Welfare of certain hospital patients.

Provision for care and training of children in lieu of education

11. Amendments to the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946.

12. The training, etc., of persons unsuitable for education and of mental

defectives.

13. Power to compel attendance at training centres.

14. Exemptions in respect of s. 13.

Part in

Privath Hospitals, Residential Homes, Etc.

Private Hospitals

13. Registration of private hospitals.

16. Pre-requisites of registration.

17. Control of private hospitals.

18. Cancellation and continuance in certain circumstances of registration.

Residential Homes

19. Registration of residential homes under National Assistance Act, 1948.

20. Special provisions as to registration of residential homes.

21. Records and inspection of residential homes.

Offences

22. Offences against this Part of this Act and penalties.

Part IV

Admission to and Detention in Hospital and Guardianship

Patients to whom this Part of this Act applies

23. Patients liable to be detained in hospital or subject to guardianship.

2 C* 2

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

Procedure for admission and reception of patients

Section

24. Admission and detention of patients.

25. Guardianship of patients.

26. General provisions as to applications.

27. Medical recommendations.

28. Approval of applications by the sheriif.

29. Effect of applications.

30. Rectification of application and recommendations.

31. Emergency admission.

32. Detention of patients already in hospital.

Care and Treatment of Patients

33. Regulations as to guardianship.

34. Correspondence of patients.

35. Leave of absence from hospital.

36. Return and re-admission of patients absent without leave.

37. Transfer of patients.

38. Transfer of guardianship in case of death, incapacity, etc., of guardian.

Duration of authority for detention or guardianship and discharge of patients

39. Duration of authority.

40. Detention or guardianship of certain patients after the age of twenty-

five.

41. Special provisions as to patients absent without leave.

42. Special provisions as to patients sentenced to imprisonment, etc.

43. Discharge of patients.

44. Restrictions on discharge by nearest relative.

Functions of relatives of patients

45. Definition of relative and nearest relative.

46. Children and young persons in care of local authority.

47. Nearest relative of child under guardianship, etc.

48. Appointment by sheriff of acting nearest relative.

49. Discharge and variation of orders under s. 48.

Supplemental

50. Duty of mental health officer to make application for admission or

guardianship.

51. Appeals to the sheriff.

52. Regulations for purposes of Part IV.

53. Interpretation of Part IV.

Part V

Detention of Patients concerned in Criminal Proceedings, etc., and Transfer of Patients under Sentence

Provisions for compulsory detention and guardianship of patients charged with , etc.

54. Power of court to commit to hospital.

55. Powers of courts to order hospital admission or guardianship.

56. Additional powers in respect of children and young persons.

57. Requirements as to medical evidence.

58. Effects of hospital orders and guardianship orders.

59. Supplementary provisions as to hospital orders.

60. Power of court to restrict discharge from hospital.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

813

Section

61. Powers of Secretary of State in respect of patients subject to restriction

orders.

62. Appeals.

63. Procedure in cases where insanity stands in bar of trial or is the

ground of acquittal of a criminal charge.

64. Persons ordered to be kept in custody during Her Majesty’s pleasure.

Transfer to hospital or guardianship of , etc.

65. Removal to hospital of persons in prison awaiting trial, etc.

66. Removal to hospital of persons serving sentences of imprisonment

and other prisoners.

67. Restriction on discharge of prisoners removed to hospital.

68. Further provisions as to person removed to hospital while awaiting

trial, etc.

69. Further provisions as to prisoners under sentence.

70. Further provisions as to civil prisoners.

71. Reception into guardianship of persons sent to approved schools.

Supplemental

72. Interpretation of Part V.

Part VI

Removal and Return of Patients within United Kingdom, etc.

Removal to and from England and Wales

73. Removal of patients to England and Wales.

74. Removal of patients from England and Wales.

75. Position of nearest relative on removal to England and Wales.

76. Position of nearest relative on removal to Scotland.

Removal to and from Northern Ireland

77. Removal to Northern Ireland of patients not subject to restriction.

78. Removal to Northern Ireland of patients subject to restriction on

discharge.

79. Removal to Scotland of patients other than criminal patients.

80. Removal to Scotland of criminal patients.

Other provisions as to removal

81. Removal of certain patients from Channel Islands and Isle of Man to

Scotland.

82. Removal of alien patients.

Return of patients absent without leave

83. Patients absent from hospitals in Scotland.

84. Patients absent from Northern Irish institutions.

814

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 &9Eliz.2

Supplemental

Section

85. Regulations for purposes of Part VI.

86. General provisions as to patients removed from Scotland.

87. Intimation of removal of patients to Scotland.

88. Interpretation of Part VI.

Part VII State Hospitals

89. Provision of hospitals for patients requiring special security.

90. Administrative provisions.

Part VIII

Protection of Property of Patients

91. Duties of local authority in relation to property.

92. Powers of board of management in relation to property of patients.

93. Reciprocal arrangements in relation to Northern Ireland as to exercise

of powers.

Part IX

Miscellaneous and General

Offences

94. False statements.

95. Ill-treatment of patients.

96. Protection of female defectives.

97. Protection of female patients.

98. Assisting patients to absent themselves without leave, etc.

99. Obstruction.

Miscellaneous provisions

100. Religious persuasion of patients.

101. Provision of pocket money for in-patients in hospital.

102. Correspondence of patients not subject to detention.

103. Entry on premises and warrant to search for and remove patients.

104. Mentally disordered persons found in public places.

Supplemental

105. Provisions as to custody, conveyance and detention.

106. Retaking of patients escaping from custody.

107. Protection for acts done in pursuance of this Act.

108. Inquiries.

109. Expenses.

110. General provisions as to regulations and orders.

111. Interpretation.

112. Transitional provisions.

113. Minor and consequential amendments and repeals.

114. Application to England and Wales.

1960

Mental Health (,

Act, I960

Ch. 61

815

Section

115. Power of Parliament of Northern Ireland to make consequential

amendments of this Act.

116. Application to Northern Ireland.

117. Commencement.

118. Short title.

Schedules—

First Schedule—Amendments to the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946, Second Schedule—Application of Part IV to Patients admitted to hospital or placed under guardianship under Part V.

Third Schedule—Transitional Provisions:

Part I—Provisions relating to Part II.

Part II—Provisions relating to Part m.

Part III—Provisions relating to Parts IV and V.

Fourth Schedule—Minor and Consequential Amendments.

Fifth Schedule—Enactments Repealed.

An Act to repeal the Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1913, and the Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acts,

1913 and 1940; to make fresh provision with respect to the reception, care and treatment of persons suffering, or appearing to be suffering, from mental disorder, and with respect to their property and affairs; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I Preliminary

1. Subject to the transitional provisions contained in this Act, Repeal of the Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1913, and the Mental Lunacy Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940, shall cease to have effect, and the following provisions of this Act shall have effect Mental in place of those enactments with respect to the reception, care Deficiency and treatment of persons suffering, or appearing to be suffering, (Scotland) from mental disorder, to the management of their property and Acts* affairs, and to other matters related thereto.

2.—(1) There shall be established a Commission to be called Establishment the Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland (in this Act referred and to as "the Mental Welfare Commission*) who shall perform SJ"?^ltlonof the functions assigned to them by or under this Act. Welfare

(2) The Mental Welfare Commission shall consist of no fewer Commission, than seven and not more than nine commissioners (including at least one woman) of whom one shall be chairman, at least three

816

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part 1 shall be medical praotitioners (in this Act referred to as " medical commissioners "), and one shall be a person who has been for a period of at least five years either a member of the Faculty of Advocates or a solicitor.

(3) Four commissioners of whom at least one shall be a medical commissioner shall constitute a quorum of the Mental Welfare Commission.

(4) The commissioners shall be a|>pointed by Her Majesty on the recommendation of the Secretary of State and shall hold and vacate office under the terms of the instrument under which they are appointed, but may resign office by notice in writing to the Secretary of State.

(5) No person who for the time being is employed in the civil service of the Crown whether in an established capacity or not, and whether for the whole or part of his time, shall be appointed to the Mental Welfare Commission; and for the purposes of this subsection " civil service of the Crown " includes the civil service of Northern Ireland, Her Majesty’s Foreign Service and Her Majesty’s Overseas Civil Service.

(6) Part II of the First Schedule to the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 (which specifies certain commissions, tribunals and other bodies all members of which are disqualified under that Act) shall have effect, in its application to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, as if after the entry relating to a Mental Health Review Tribunal constituted under the Mental Health Act, 1959, there were inserted the following entry: —

" The Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland ".

(7) The Secretary of State may pay to the said commissioners such remuneration and allowances as he may with the approval of the Treasury determine, defray the expenses of the Mental Welfare Commission to such amount as he may with the like approval determine, and may provide for that Commission such officers and servants and such accommodation as the Commission may require.

(8) The Mental Welfare Commission shall be a body corporate and shall have a common seal.

(9) The proceedings of the Mental Welfare Commission shall not be invalidated by any vacancy in the membership of the Commission or any defect in the appointment of any commissioner.

Dissolution of 3.—(1) On the establishment of the Mental Welfare Corn-

General Board mission the General Board of Control for Scotland (in this ^Controlfor sectjon referred to as "the Board of Control") shall cease to exist, and the following provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to the dissolution of that Board.

1960

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

817

(2) The dissolution of the Board of Control shall not affect Part i any rights, liabilities or obligations of that Board; but all such

rights, liabilities and obligations shall pass to and vest in the Secretary of State, and any proceedings then pending to which that Board was a party may be continued by or against the Secretary of State.

(3) The property of the Board of Control shall pass to and vest in the Mental Welfare Commission; but nothing in this subsection shall preclude that Commission from transferring to the Secretary of State any such property as aforesaid which does not relate to their functions under this Act.

4.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Mental Welfare Commission Functions and generally to exercise protective functions in respect of persons duties of the who may, by reason of mental disorder, be incapable of Welfare adequately protecting their persons or their interests, and, where commission, those persons are liable to be detained in hospital or subject to guardianship under the following provisions of this Act, their functions as aforesaid shall include, in appropriate cases, the discharge of such patients in accordance with the said provisions.

(2) In the exercise of their functions as aforesaid, it shall be the duty of the Mental Welfare Commission—

(a) to make enquiry into any case where it appears to them

that there may be ill-treatment, deficiency in care or treatment, or improper detention of any person who may be suffering from mental disorder, or where the property of any such person may, by reason of his mental disorder, be exposed to loss or damage;

(b) to visit regularly, and as often as they may think appro-

priate, patients who are liable to be detained inaihospital or who are subject to guardianship, and on any such visit to afford an opportunity, on request, for private interview to any such patient as aforesaid or, where the patient is in a hospital, to any other patient in that hospital;

(c) to bring to the attention of any board of management

or of any local authority the facts of any case in which in the opinion of the Mental Welfare Commission it is desirable for the board of management or the local authority to exercise any of the functions of that board or of that authority to secure the welfare of any patient suffering from mental disordet by—

(i) preventing his ill-treatment;

(ii) remedying any deficiency in his care or treatment;

(iii) terminating his improper detention; or

818

Part f

Duties of the Secretary of State and of local

authorities in relation to the Mental Welfare Commission.

Definition of

mental

disorder.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(iv) preventing or redressing loss or damage to his property.

(3) On any visit by the Mental Welfare Commission in pursuance of paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection, the visitor shall be, or the visitors shall include, a medical commissioner or a medical officer of the Commission.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, the Mental Welfare Commission may interview, and a medical commissioner or a medical officer of the Commission may examine, any patient in private.

(5) A medical commissioner or a medical officer of the Mental Welfare Commission may call for the medical records of any patient.

(6) It shall be the duty of the Mental Welfare Commission to advise the Secretary of State on any matter arising out of this Act that he may refer to them and to bring to his attention any such matter of which, in the opinion of the Commission, he ought to be apprised.

(7) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this section, the Mental Welfare Commission may appoint any commissioner or committee of commissioners to carry out any of the functions of the Commission, other than those relating to the discharge of patients, under this Act, and where any committee is so appointed the Commission may fix a quorum for that committee and otherwise regulate its proceedings.

(8) It shall be the duty of any commissioner or committee appointed in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection to exercise the functions so conferred in accordance with the directions of the Mental Welfare Commission.

5. —(1) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to afford the Mental Welfare Commission all facilities necessary to enable them (to carry out their functions in respect of any patient in a hospital other than a private hospital.

(2) It shall be the duty of the local health authority concerned and of the guardian of any person subject to guardianship under Part IV of this Act to afford the Mental Welfare Commission all facilities necessary to enable them to carry out their functions in respect of such a patient.

6. In this Act "mental disorder" means mental illness or mental deficiency however caused or manifested.

1960 Mental Health (Scotland) Ch. 61 819

Act, 1960

Part n Local Authority Services

General Provisions

7*—(1) In relation to persons who are or have been suffering Functions of from mental disorder, the purposes for which arrangements are "gf™ authorised or may be required to be made by a local health au on authority under subsection (1) of section twenty-seven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act. 1947 (which relates to the functions of local health authorities with respect to the prevention of illness, care and after-care) shall include the following, that is to say:—

(a) the provision, equipment and maintenance of residen-

tial accommodation, and the care of persons for the time being resident in accommodation so provided;

(b) the appointment of officers to act as mental health officers under the following provisions of this Act;

(c) the exercise by the local health authority of their func-

tions under the following provisions of this Act in respect of persons under guardianship (whether under the guardianship of a local health authority or of any other person);

() the provision of any ancillary or supplementary services;

(e) the ascertainment of mental deficiency in any person

not of school age within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946; and

(/) the supervision of persons suffering from mental deficiency who are neither liable to detention in a hospital nor subject to guardianship.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-seven, the reference in paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) of this section to the care of persons for the time being resident in accommodation provided by a local health authority includes, in the case of persons so resident who are under the age of sixteen years, the payment to those persons of such amounts as the local health authority think fit in respect of their personal expenses where it appears to that authority that no such payment would otherwise be made.

(3) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the generality of the said section twenty-seven.

8.—(1) For the purposes of subsection (8) of section twenty- Functions of one of the National Assistance Act, 1948 (which restricts the welfare powers and duties of local authorities in respect of the provision authorities

820

Ch. 61

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Pari II

Functions of

children

authorities.

of accommodation under that section by reference to the {no-vision authorised or required to be made under other enactments) no account shall be taken of the provision authorised or required to be made by local health authorities under section twenty-seven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, with respect to residential accommodation for persons who are or have been suffering from mental disorder.

(2) The persons referred to in subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of the said Act of 1948 (which section enables local authorities to make arrangements for promoting the welfare of blind persons and other disabled persons described in the said subsection (D) shall include persons who are suffering from mental disorder of any description; and for the purposes of subsection (6) of that section (which, among other things, excludes from that section the provision of accommodation or services required to be provided under the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947), no account shall be taken of the provisions of Part III of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, with respect to the provision of accommodation or services for such persons.

(3) Subsection (2) of this section shall not affect the operation of the provisions of Part IV of the National Assistance Act, 1948, relating to disabled persons* homes or charities for disabled persons, but without prejudice to the provisions of Part III of this Act with respect to the registration of such homes.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring a local authority to make provision for the same purposes both under Part III of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, and under Part III of the National Assistance Act, 1948.

9.—(1) A local authority for the purposes of the Children Act, 1948 (in this section referred to as " a children authority*) may accommodate in a home or other accommodation provided by that authority under section fifteen of that Act any child who, not being in their care within the meaning of Part n of that Act, is a person whose care or after-care is for the time being undertaken by that or any other authority as local health authority in pursuance of arrangements made under section twenty-seven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, or under seo-tion twenty-eight of the National Health Service Act, 1946, for the care or after-care of persons who are or have been suffering from mental disorder.

(2) Where a child whose care or after-care is for the time being undertaken by a local health authority in pursuance of such arrangements as aforesaid is accommodated in a home or other accommodation provided under the said section fifteen by that authority as children authority, the authority may make such

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

821

adjustments as appear to them to be appropriate between the Part D accounts kept by them as local health authority and the accounts kept by them as children authority.

(3) Nothing in this Act, or in any other enactment, shall be construed as preventing a children authority from receiving into their care under section one of the Children Act, 1948, a child who is suffering from mental disorder or as preventing a local health authority from accommodating in pursuance of the arrangements referred to in subsection (1) of this section any child who is in the care of that or any other authority as a children authority.

(4) In this section " child " has the same meaning as in the Children Act, 1948.

10.—(1) The provisions of this section shall apply to any Welfare of patient suffering from mental disorder who is— certain hospital

(u) a child or young person in respect of whom the rights pat,cnt8* and powers of a parent are vested in a local authority by virtue of—

(i) section seventy-nine of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937 (which relates to children and young persons committed to the care of fit persons under that Act);

(ii) section seventy-five of the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933 (which makes corresponding provision in England and Wales); or

(iii) section three of the Children Act, 1948 (which relates to children in respect of whom parental rights have been assumed by a local authority under section two of that Act);

(b) a person who is under the guardianship of a local health

authority under the following provisions of this Act or under the provisions of the Mental Health Act,

1959; or

(c) a person the functions of whose nearest relative under

this Act or under the Mental Health Act, 1959, are for the time being transferred to a local health authority.

(2) Where a patient to whom this section applies is admitted to any hospital or nursing home in Scotland (whether for treatment for mental disorder or for any other reason) then, without prejudice to their duties in relation to the patient apart from the provisions of this section, the authority having rights or functions in relation to him as aforesaid shall arrange for visits

822 Ch. 61 Mental Health ( 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

, 1960

Part n to be made to him on their behalf, and shall take such other steps in relation -to the patient while in the hospital or nursing home as would be expected of a parent.

(3) Subsection (5) of section ten of the Matrimonial Proceedings (Children) Act, 1958 (which provides for the ending of committal to the care of local authorities of children who come under control under the provisions of the Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940, or the Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1919) shall cease to have effect

Provision for care and training of children in lieu of education

Amendments to the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946.

11. The Education (Scotland) Act 1946, shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in the First Schedule to this Act

The training, 12.—(1) Without prejudice to the operation of section one of

etc., of persons the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 (which among other things education and i™!*?8®8 a duty on education authorities to provide educational of mental facilities for pupils who suffer from disability of mind) it shall be

defectives. the duty of the local health authority to provide or secure the

provision of suitable training and occupation for—

(a) persons under the age of sixteen who have been reported by the education authority under section fifty-six of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946, as having been found unsuitable for education or training in a special school; and

(b) persons suffering from mental deficiency who are over the age of sixteen:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply—

(i) in any case where the report in respect of a person so

reported has been cancelled; or

(ii) in the case of a person in a hospital.

(2) Section twenty-one of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which requires local health authorities to submit proposals to the Secretary of State for carrying out their duties under the provisions of Part III of that Act and to carry out those duties in accordance with the proposals) shall apply with respect to the duties of local health authorities under this section.

(3) It shall be the duty of a local health authority to make such provision as they may think necessary for securing that transport is available for the conveyance of persons for the purpose of their

1960

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

823

training and occupation in pursuance of this section; and accord- Part II ingly section sixteen of the National Health Service (Scotland)

Act, 1947 (which relates to the provision by the Secretary of State of ambulances and other means of transport), shall not have effect in relation to the conveyance of persons as aforesaid.

(4) Where a local health authority makes arrangements with any voluntary organisation for the performance by that organisation of any services in connection with the duties of the local health authority under this section, the local health authority may make contributions to the funds of that voluntary organisation.

(5) The provisions of section fifty-one of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which relates to the duties of local health authorities under the Lunacy and Mental Deficiency Acts) shall cease to have effect.

(6) Any expenditure incurred by or on behalf of a local health authority in pursuance of this section shall be relevant expenditure for the purposes of the First Schedule to the Local Government and Miscellaneous Financial Provisions (Scotland) Act,

1958.

13—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a local Power to health authority have established or made arrangements for the comPri provision of a centre for suitable training and occupation in at

pursuance of the last foregoing section, that authority may, after centres, consultation with the parent of a child who has been reported as aforesaid by the education authority, direct that that child, if of school age, shall attend that centre, and may give notice in writing to the parent of any such child requiring him to cause that child to attend, either by day or, if the notice so directs, as a resident at that centre, at such times or for such periods as may be specified in the notice.

(2) A local health authority shall not give a notice under this section unless they are satisfied—

(a) that the child is not receiving training comparable with

the training which he would receive at the centre;

(b) that there is no reasonable cause within the meaning of

the next following section for his failure to receive such training as aforesaid:

and if any person to whom such a notice is given is aggrieved by the notice on the ground that the child is receiving such training, or in the case of a notice requiring a child to attend a centre as a resident that it is not in the interest of the child to be required to attend except by day, he may refer the question to the Secretary of State who may either confirm the notice or direct that it be amended or withdrawn.

824

Part 0

Exemptions in respect of s. 13.

Ch. 61 Mental Health ( 8 & 9 Buz. 2

Act, 1960

(3) Subject to the last foregoing subsection, if any person fails to comply with a notice given to him under subsection (1) of this section, he shall, unless the child is receiving training comparable with the training which he would receive at the centre, be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction, in the case of a first offence to a fine not exceeding one pound, in the case of a second offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and in the case of a third or subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to both such fine and imprisonment.

(4) For the purpose of this section a child shall be treated as of school age so long as under the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946, he is or would be deemed to be of school age if he were the subject of a decision that he required special educational treatment, and " parent " has the same meaning as in that Act.

14.—(1) A person shall not be guilty of an offence against subsection (3) of the last foregoing section if his failure to comply with a notice given to him under subsection (1) of that section was due to a reasonable cause within the meaning of this section.

(2) For the purposes of this section any of the following shall be held to be a reasonable cause, that is to say—

(a) the child has been prevented by sickness from attending

the centre named in the notice to which the charge relates;

(b) it is not reasonably practicable for the child to make

his own way, or to be taken by or on behalf of the person to whom notice has been given, to and from the centre, and no suitable arrangements have been made by the local health authority either for his transport to and from the centre or for residential accommodation for him at or near the centre;

(c) the child has no fixed abode, and the person to whom

notice has been given is engaged in a trade or business of such a nature as to require him to travel from place to place, and the child has attended at the centre as regularly as the nature of the trade or business of that person permits;

() there are other circumstances which afford a reasonable excuse.

1960 Mental Health (Scotland) Ch. 61 825

Act, 1960

Part III

Private Hospitals, Residential Homes, Etc.

Private Hospitals

15.—(1) Every private hospital within the meaning of this Registration of Act shall be registered and the following provisions of this Part Priva^ of this Act shall apply to the registration, conduct and inspection "osP,tals of such hospitals.

(2) In section ten of the Nursing Homes Registration (Scotland) Act, 1938, the definition of "nursing home" shall be amended by substituting for heads (ii) and (iii) the following head—

" (ii) any private hospital within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960."

(3) In this Act " private hospital " means any premises used or intended to be used for the reception of. and the provision of medical treatment for, one or more patients subject to detention under this Act (whether or not other persons are received and treated), not being—

(a) a hospital provided under Part H of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947;

(b) a State hospital; or

(c) any other premises managed by a Government depart-

ment or provided by a local authority.

(4) Application for registration of premises as a private hospital shall be made in writing to the Secretary of State by or on behalf of the person proposing to carry on the hospital and the application shall be accompanied by a fee of five shillings.

(5) Subject to the next following section, the Secretary of State may register the premises named in the application as a private hospital and issue to the person proposing to carry on the hospital a certificate in that behalf (in this Act referred to as " a certificate of registration ").

(6) A certificate of registration shall specify the maximum number of persons who at any one time may receive care or treatment in the hospital to which the certificate relates, and such conditions as the Secretary of State may consider appropriate for regulating the category of patients who may be received into the hospital.

(7) A certificate of registration shall lapse on the expiration of a period of five years from the date of issue, but shall be renewable on a fresh application.

826

Part in

Pre-requisites of registration,

Control of

private

hospitals.

Ch. 61 Mental Health ( 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(8) A certificate of registration shall be kept fixed conspicuously in the hospital to which it relates and if this requirement is not complied with the person carrying on the hospital shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act

16. —(1) The Secretary of State shall not issue a certificate of registration unless he is satisfied—

(a) that the person proposing to carry on the hospital is a

fit person for this purpose, having regard to his age,

> conduct and any other relevant consideration;

(b) that the premises are fit to be used for a private hospital;

(c) that the arrangements proposed for patients are suitable

and adequate; and

(d) that the medical and nursing staff proposed is adequate for the hospital and is suitably trained and qualified.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall be construed as requiring the Secretary of State to issue a certificate of registration under the last foregoing section.

17. —(1) It shall be the duty of any person carrying on a private hospital—

(a) to keep the hospital open to inspection in pursuance of

this section at all reasonable times;

(b) to keep such registers and records as the Secretary of

State may from time to time by regulations prescribe, and to keep such registers and records as aforesaid open to inspection;

(c) to ensure that any conditions specified in the certificate

of registration are complied with;

(d) to afford to the Mental Welfare Commission all such facilities (including facilities for inspection of the hospital) as are necessary for the Commission to exercise their functions under this Act;

and any person who fails to comply with any requirement of this subsection shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to ensure by regular inspection of any private hospital that that hospital is being properly carried on, and any person authorised in that behalf by the Secretary of State may, after producing, if asked to do so, some duly authenticated document showing that he is so authorised, enter any hospital for the purpose of any inspection in pursuance of this section and carry out that inspection.

(3) Any person authorised as aforesaid may interview any patient in private.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

827

18. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Secretary Part 111

of State may, at any time, cancel a registration of a private Cancellation hospital on any ground on which he might have refused an and application for such a registration of that hospital, or on the continuance ground that the person carrying on the hospital has been con- Sr^jratance* victed of an offence against this Act. of registration.

(2) On the cancellation of a registration, the person who is or was carrying on the hospital shall forthwith deliver up the certificate to the Secretary of State, and if this requirement is not complied with the holder of the certificate shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act.

(3) Where at the time of any such cancellation of a registration as aforesaid any patient is liable to be detained on the premises concerned, the registration shall, notwithstanding the cancellation, continue in force until the expiration of a period of twenty-eight days from the date of cancellation or until every such patient has ceased to be so liable, whichever first occurs.

Residential Homes

19. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following Registration of section, sections thirty-seven to forty of the National Assistance residential Act, 1948 (which relate to the registration, inspection and conduct 5JOII|ci^ldcr of homes for disabled persons and old persons) shall apply in Assistance relation to a residential home for persons suffering from mental Act, 1948. disorder as they apply in relation to homes to which those enactments applied immediately before the commencement of this

Act.

(2) In this Part of this Act " residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder" means an establishment the sole or main object of which is, or is held out to be, the provision of residential accommodation, whether for reward or not, for persons suffering from mental disorder, not being—

(a) a nursing home within the meaning of the Nursing

Homes Registration (Scotland) Act, 1938;

(b) a hospital as defined by this Act; or

(c) any other premises managed by a Government depart-

ment or by a local authority;

and " registration authority", in relation to a residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder, has the meaning assigned thereto by subsection (2) of section thirty-seven of the National Assistance Act, 1948, as read with section sixty-five of that Act.

(3) A residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder shall be deemed not to be a voluntary home within the meaning of Part VI of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland)

828

Ch. 61

Mental Health (

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part in

Special provisions as to registration of residential homes.

Records and inspection of residential homes.

Offences against this Part of this Act and penalties.

Act, 1937, or Part IV of the Children Act, 1948; and a person who is resident in a residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder shall not be a foster child within the meaning of Part I of the Children Act, 1958, or a protected child within the meaning of Part IV of the Adoption Act, 1958.

20. —(1) It shall be a condition of the registration of any person in respect of a residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder that the number of persons resident at any one time in the home (excluding persons carrying on or employed in the home and their families) does not exceed such number as may be specified in the certificate of registration; and without prejudice to the foregoing provision, the registration may be effected subject to such conditions (to be specified in the certificate) as the registration authority consider appropriate for regulating the category of patients who may be received in the home.

(2) If any condition imposed by or under subsection (1) of this section is not complied with, the person carrying on die home shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act; and without prejudice to the foregoing provision the power of the registration authority to cancel registration under sub-section (4) of section thirty-seven of the National Assistance Act, 1948, shall include power to cancel the registration on the ground that any such condition has not been complied with.

(3) In relation to residential homes for persons suffering from mental disorder, section forty of the National Assistance Act, 1948, shall have effect as if paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of that section (which enables the Secretary of State to make regulations for purposes corresponding with subsection (1) of this section) were omitted.

21. —(1) The power of the Secretary of State to make regulations under section forty of the National Assistance Act, 1948, with respect to the conduct of residential homes for persons suffering from mental disorder shall include power to make regulations as to the records to be kept and notices to be given in respect of persons received in such homes.

(2) The powers of inspection conferred by section thirty-nine of the said Act, in its application to residential homes for persons suffering from mental disorder, shall include power to inspect any records required to be kept in accordance with regulations made by virtue of subsection (1) of this section under section forty of that Act and to interview any person resident therein in private.

Offences

22. —(1) If any person carries on a private hospital which is not registered under this Part of this Act, he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a

1960 Mental Health (>Ch. 61

Act, 1960

fine not exceeding fifty pounds or, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to such a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and imprisonment

(2) Any person guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act other than the offence specified in the last foregoing subsection, shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds and in the case of a continuing offence to a further fine not exceeding two pounds in respect of each day on which the offence continues after conviction.

Part IV

Admission to and Detention in Hospital and Guardianship

Patients to whom this Part of this Act applies

23.—(1) A person who is suffering from any mental disorder that requires or is susceptible to medical treatment may be admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship in pursuance of the appropriate application under the following provisions of this Act; but, without prejudice to the said provisions so far as relating to emergency admission, no person over the age of twenty-one years shall be so admitted or received except where the mental disorder from which he suffers—

(a) is mental deficiency such that he is incapable of living

an independent life or of guarding himself against serious exploitation; or

(b) is a mental illness other than a persistent disorder which

is manifested only by abnormally aggressive or seriously irresponsible conduct

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the duration of authority for the detention and guardianship of patients and to their discharge, a patient who has been admitted or received as aforesaid shall be liable to be detained in a hospital or subject to guardianship until the date on which he attains the age of twenty-five years when he shall cease to be so liable or so subject unless—

(a) one of the exceptions mentioned in paragraphs (a) and

(b) of the last foregoing subsection applies to him; or

(b) in the case of a patient liable to be detained in a hospital,

he would be likely to act in a manner dangerous to himself or others.

(3) Nothing in this Aat shall be construed as preventing a patient who requires treatment for mental disorder from being admitted to any hospital or nursing home for that treatment in pursuance of arrangements made in that behalf without any

829

Part ID

Patients liable to be detained in hospital or subject to guardianship

830

Part IV

Admission and detention of patients.

Guardianship of patients.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

application, recommendation or order rendering him liable to be detained under this Act, or from remaining in any hospital in pursuance of such arrangements if he has ceased to be so liable to be detained.

Procedure for admission and reception of patients

24. —(1) A patient may be admitted to a hospital and there detained for the period allowed by the provisions of this Part of this Act in pursuance of an application in the prescribed form (in this Act referred to as " an application for admission *) approved by the sheriff and made in accordance with the said provisions.

(2) An application for admission shall be founded on and accompanied by two medical recommendations which shall be in the prescribed form and each such recommendation shall include the following statements, being statements of opinion, and the grounds on which each statement is based—

(a) a statement of the form of mental disorder from

which the patient is suffering, being mental illness or mental deficiency or both;

(b) a statement that the said disorder requires or is suscept-

ible to medical treatment and is of a nature or degree which warrants the patient’s detention in a hospital for such treatment; and

(c) a statement that the interests of the health or safety of

the patient or the protection of other persons cannot be secured otherwise than by such detention as aforesaid.

(3) An application for admission shall be of no effect unless the patient is described in each of the medical recommendations as suffering from the same form of mental disorder, whether or not he is described in either of those recommendations as suffering also from the other form.

25. —(1) A patient may be received into guardianship for the period allowed by the following provisions of this Part of this Act, in pursuance of an application in the prescribed form (in this Act referred to as " a guardianship application ") approved by the sheriff and made in accordance with the said provisions.

(2) Every such application shall, after it is approved by the sheriff, be forwarded to the local health authority for the area in which the patient resides.

(3) The person named as guardian in a guardianship application may be—

(a) the local health authority to whom the application is

addressed; or

(b) a person chosen by that authority; or

1960 Mental Health ( Ch. 61

Act, 1960

(c) any other person who has been accepted as a suitable person to act in that behalf by that authority; and any person chosen or accepted as aforesaid may be a local health authority or any other person including the applicant.

(4) A guardianship application shall be founded on and accompanied by two medical recommendations which shall be in the prescribed form and each such recommendation shall include the following statements, being statements of opinion, and the grounds on which each statement is based—

(a) a statement of the form of mental disorder from

which the patient is suffering, being mental illness or mental deficiency or both;

(b) a statement that the said disorder requires or is suscept-

ible to medical treatment and is of a nature or degree which warrants the patient’s reception into guardianship; and

(c) a statement that it is necessary in the interests of the

health or safety of the patient or for the protection of other persons that the patient should be so received.

(5) A guardianship application shall be of no effect unless the patient is described in each of the medical recommendations as suffering from the same form of mental disorder, whether or not he is described in either of those recommendations as suffering also from the other form.

26.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an application for admission or a guardianship application may be made either by the nearest relative of the patient or by a mental health officer; and every such application shall be addressed to the board of management of the hospital to which admission is sought or, in the case of a guardianship application, to the local health authority for the area in which the patient resides.

(2) It shall be the duty of a mental health officer who proposes to make an application for admission or a guardianship application t6 take such steps as are reasonably practicable to inform the nearest relative of the patient of the proposed application, and of his right to object thereto in accordance with the provisions of section twenty-eight of this Act.

(3) A person shall not make an application for admission or a guardianship application unless that person has personally seen the patient within the period of fourteen days ending with the date on which the proposed application is submitted to the sheriff for his approval.

831

Part IV

General provisions as to applications.

832

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV

Medical

recommenda-

tions.

Approval of applications by the sheriff.

27. The medical recommendations required for the purposes of an application for admission or for a guardianship application shall satisfy the following requirements—

(a) such recommendations shall be signed on or before the

date of the application and shall be given by medical practitioners (neither being the applicant) who have ■personally examined the patient separately at an interval of not more than seven days or, where no objection has been made by the patient or his nearest relative, together;

(b) one of the recommendations shall be given by a

practitioner approved for the purposes of this section by a Regional Hospital Board as having special experience in the diagnosis or treatment of mental disorder and the other recommendation shall, if practicable, be given by the patient’s general medical practitioner or another medical practitioner who has previous acquaintance with him;

(c) in the case of an application for admission, neither

recommendation shall be given by a practitioner on the staff of the hospital named in the application where the patient is to be accommodated under section five of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which relates to accommodation for private patients) or in a private hospital, and where the patient is to be accommodated otherwise one only of the recommendations may be given by such a practitioner as aforesaid;

() not more than one of the recommendations may be

given by a medical officer in the service of a local authority; and

(e) such recommendations shall contain a statement as to

whether the person signing the recommendation is related to the patient and of any pecuniary interest that that person may have in the admission of the patient to hospital or his reception into guardianship.

28. —(1) An application for admission or a guardianship application shall be submitted to the sheriff for his approval within seven days of the last date on which the patient was examined for the purposes of any medical recommendation accompanying the application, together with, in the case of a guardianship application, a statement of the willingness to act of the guardian named in the application.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the sheriff, in considering an application submitted to him under this section, may make such inquiries and hear such persons (including the patient) as he thinks fit, and, where an application

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

833

is the subject of objection by the nearest relative of the patient. Part IV shall afford that relative and any witness that relative may call an opportunity of being heard.

(3) The sheriff shall not withhold approval to an application so submitted without affording to the applicant and any witness the applicant may call an opportunity of being heard.

(4) Any proceedings under this section shall, where the patient or applicant so desires or the sheriff thinks fit, be conducted in private.

(5) The sheriff in the exercise of the functions conferred on him by this section shall have the like jurisdiction, and the like powers as regards the summoning and examination of witnesses, the administration of oaths, the awarding of expenses and otherwise, as if he were acting in the exercise of his civil jurisdiction.

29.—(1) Where an application for admission has been Effect of approved by the sheriff, that application shall be sufficient applications, authority for the removal of the patient to the hospital named in the application and, when the application has been forwarded to the board of management, for the admission of the patient to that hospital at any time within a period of seven days from the date on which the sheriff approved the application and for his detention there in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(2) Where a patient has been admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship in pursuance of an application under this Part of this Act, it shall be the duty of the board of management of the hospital or the local health authority concerned, as the case may be, to notify the Mental Welfare Commission of that admission or reception together with a copy of the application and medical recommendations relating to the patient’s admission or reception, as die case may be, within seven days of its taking place.

(3) Where a patient has been admitted or received as aforesaid, k shall be the duty of the responsible medical officer to examine the patient, or to obtain from another medical practitioner a report on the condition of the patient, within the period of seven days ending on the twenty-eighth day after his admission or reception, as the case may be; and if the responsible medical officer does not discharge the patient, he shall so inform the Mental Welfare Commission, the nearest relative of the patient and the board of management or, as the case may be, the local health authority concerned.

(4) Where a guardianship application has been approved by the sheriff and forwarded to the local health authority within a period of seven days from the date on which the sheriff approved

2D

834

Part IV

Rectification of application and recommendations.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

the application, the application shall, subject to the following provisions of this section and to regulations made by the Secretary of State, confer on the authority or person named in the application as guardian, to the exclusion of any other person, all such powers as would be exercisable by them or him in relation to the patient if they or he were the father of the patient and the patient were a pupil child.

(5) Nothing in the provisions of the last foregoing subsection or of regulations made thereunder shall confer any power on a guardian in respect of a patient received into his guardianship to intromit with any property of that patient.

(6) No person who is appointed as a guardian of a patient under this Act shall administer corporal punishment to that patient, and any person who contravenes the provisions of this subsection shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds and the court shall intimate the conviction to die Mental Welfare Commission.

30.—(1) If within the period of fourteen days beginning with the day on which a patient has been admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship in pursuance of an application for admission or, as the case may be, of a guardianship application, the application, or any medical recommendation given for the purposes of the application, is found to be in any respect incorrect or defective, the application or recommendation may, not later than seven days after the expiration of the said period, with the approval of the sheriff, be amended by the person by whom it was signed; and upon such amendment being made the application or recommendation shall have effect, and shall be deemed to have had effect, as if it had been originally made as so amended.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, if within the period first mentioned therein it appears to the board of management of the hospital or to the local health authority, as the case may be, that one of the two medical recommendations on which the application for admission or a guardianship application is founded is insufficient to warrant the detention of the patient or his reception into guardianship in pursuance of the application, they may within that period give notice in writing to that effect to the applicant and to the sheriff; and where any such notice is given in respect of a medical recommendation that recommendation shall be disregarded, but the application shall be, and shall be deemed always to have been, sufficient if—

(a) a fresh medical recommendation complying with the relevant provisions of this Part of this Act (other than the provisions relating to the time of signature and the interval between examinations) is furnished to the

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

835

person to whom the application is addressed and to the Part iv sheriff; and

(b) the sheriff is satisfied that that recommendation and the other recommendation on which the application is founded together comply with those provisions.

(3) Where the medical recommendations upon which an application under this Part of this Act is founded are, taken together, insufficient to warrant the detention or reception into guardianship in pursuance of the application, a notice under subsection

(2) of this section may be given in respect of either of those recommendations; but this subsection shall not apply in a case where the application is of no effect by virtue of subsection (3) of section twenty-four or subsection (5) of section twenty-five of this Act

31.—(1) In any case of urgent necessity a recommendation (in Emergency this Act referred to as " an emergency recommendation ") may be admission, made by a medical practitioner in respect of a patient stating that by reason of mental disorder it is urgently necessary for him to be admitted and detained in a hospital in pursuance of an application under section twenty-four of this Act, but that compliance with the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to such an application, before the admission of the patient to a hospital, would involve undesirable delay.

(2) Except in the case of a recommendation to which the next following section refers, an emergency recommendation shall not be made unless, where practicable, the consent of a relative or of a mental health officer has been obtained; and the recommendation shall be accompanied by a statement that such a consent as aforesaid has been obtained or, as the case may be, by a statement of the reasons for the failure to obtain that consent.

(3) An emergency recommendation shall be sufficient authority for the removal of the patient to a hospital at any time within a period of three days from the date on which it was made and for his detention therein for a period not exceeding seven days.

(4) An emergency recommendation shall be made only by a medical practitioner who has personally examined the patient on the day on which he signed the recommendation.

(5) Where a patient is admitted to a hospital in pursuance of this section, it shall, where practicable, be the duty of the board of management without delay to inform the nearest relative of the patient and, except in the case of a patient referred to in the next following section, some responsible person residing with the patient

2 D 2

836

Part IV

Detention of patients already in hospital.

Regulations as to

guardianship.

Correspondence of patients.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

32. An application for admission or an emergency recommendation may be made under this Part of this Act notwithstanding that the patient is already in a hospital; and where the application or recommendation is made in such a case the patient shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as if he had been admitted to the hospital on the date on which the application was forwarded to the board of management of the hospital or, as the case may be, the recommendation was made.

Care and Treatment of Patients

33. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the Secretary of State may make regulations for regulating the exercise by the guardians of patients received into guardianship under this Part of this Act of their powers as such, and for imposing on such guardians, and upon any local health authority concerned, such duties as he considers necessary or expedient in the interests of the patients.

(2) Regulations under this section may in particular make provision for requiring the patients to be visited, on such occasions or at such intervals as may be prescribed by the regulations, on behalf of such local health authorities as may be so prescribed.

34. —(1) Any postal packet addressed to a patient detained in a hospital under this Part of this Act may be withheld from the patient if, in the opinion of the responsible medical officer, the receipt of the packet would be calculated to interfere with the treatment of the patient or to cause him unnecessary distress * and any packet so withheld shall, if the name and address oi the sender are sufficiently identified therein, be returned to him with a statement of the reason for withholding the packet

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, any postal packet addressed by a patient so detained and delivered by him for dispatch may be withheld from the Post Office—

(a) if the addressee has given notice in writing to the board

of management or to the responsible medical officer requesting that communications addressed to him by the patient should be withheld; or

(b) if it appears to that officer that the packet would be

unreasonably offensive to the addressee, or is defamatory of a person (other than a person on the staff of the hospital) or would be likely to prejudice the interests of the patient:

Provided that this subsection does not apply to any postal packet addressed to any of the following—

(i) the nearest relative of the patient;

1960

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

837

(ii) the Secretary of State; Part rv

(iii) the Lord Advocate;

(iv) any Member of the Commons House of Parliament;

(v) the Mental Welfare Commission or any commissioner

thereof;

(vi) any sheriff or sheriff clerk;

(vii) the board of management of the hospital;

and regulations made by the Secretary of State may except from this subsection, subject to such conditions or limitations (if any) as may be prescribed by the regulations, postal packets addressed to such other person or classes of persons as may be so prescribed.

(3) Nothing in paragraph ( h) of subsection (2) of this section shall be construed as authorising a responsible medical officer to open or examine the contents of any postal packet unless he is of opinion that the patient is suffering from mental disorder of a kind calculated to lead him to send such communications as are referred to in that paragraph.

(4) Except as provided by this section, it shall not be lawful to prevent or impede the delivery to a patient detained as aforesaid of any postal packet addressed to him and delivered by the Post Office, or the delivery to the Post Office of any postal packet addressed by such a patient and delivered by him for dispatch.

(5) This section shall apply in relation to a patient who is subject to guardianship under this Part of this Act as it applies in relation to a patient who is detained in a hospital thereunder, and as if—'

(a) for any reference to the board of management of the

hospital there were substituted a reference to the local health authority concerned; and

(b) for any reference to the responsible medical officer there

were substituted a reference to the guardian or any person authorised by the guardian to act for the purposes of this section.

(6) In this section "postal packet*' has the same meaning as in the Post Office Act, 1953; and the provisions of this section shall have effect notwithstanding anything in section fifty-six of that Act.

35.—(1) The responsible medical officer may grant to any Leave of patient who is for the time being liable to be detained in a absence from hospital under this Part of this Act leave to be absent from thellospital* hospital.

(2) Leave of absence may be granted to a patient under this section either on specified occasions or for any specified period

838 Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1960

Part iv of not more than six months; and where leave is so granted for a specified period it may be extended for further such periods as aforesaid.

(3) Where it appears to the responsible medical officer that it is necessary so to do in the interests of the patient or for the protection of other persons, he may, upon granting leave of absence under this section, direct that the patient remain in custody during his absence; and where leave of absence is sc granted the patient may be kept in the custody of any officer on the staff of the hospital, or of any other person authorised in writing by the board of management of the hospital.

(4) Where leave of absence is granted to a patient under this section or where a period of leave is extended by further leave and the leave or the extension is for a period of more than twenty-eight days, it shall be the duty of the responsible medical officer to inform the Mental Welfare Commission within fourteen days of the granting of leave or of the extension, as the case may be, of the address at which the patient is residing and, on the return of the patient, to notify the Commission thereof within fourteen days.

(5) In any case where a patient is absent from a hospital in pursuance of leave of absence granted under this section, and it appears to the responsible medical officer that it is necessary so to do in the interests of the health or safety of the patient or for the protection of other persons, that officer may, subject to subsection (6) of this section, by notice in writing given to the patient or to the person for the time being in charge of the patient, revoke the leave of absence and recall the patient to the hospital.

(6) A patient to whom leave of absence is granted under this section shall not be recalled under the last foregoing subsection after he has ceased to be liable to be detained under this Part of this Act.

Return and 36.—(1) Where a patient who is for the time being liable to

re-admission be detained under this Part of this Act in a hospital—

ab^mwidiout to) absents himself from the hospital without leave granted leave. under section thirty-five of this Act; or

(b) fails to return to the hospital on any occasion on which,

or at the expiration of any period for which, leave of absence was granted to him under that section, or upon being recalled thereunder; or

(c) absents himself without permission from any place where

he is required to reside in accordance with conditions imposed on the grant of leave of absence under that section.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

839

he may, subject to the provisions of this section, be taken into custody and returned to the hospital or place by any mental health officer, by any officer on the staff of the hospital, by any constable, or by any person authorised in writing by the board of management of the hospital.

(2) Where a patient who is for the time being subject to guardianship under this Part of this Act absents himself without the leave of the guardian from the place at which he is required by the guardian to reside, he may, subject to the provisions of this section, be taken into custody and returned to that place by the guardian, by any officer on the staff of a local health authority, by any constable, or by any person authorised in writing by the guardian or a local health authority.

(3) A patient shall not be taken into custody under this section after the expiration of the following period (beginning with the first day of his absence without leave), that is to say—

(a) in the case of a patient who is liable to be detained in a hospital or who is subject to guardianship by reason of his suffering from mental deficiency, three months;

(b) in the case of a patient liable to be detained in pursuance of an emergency recommendation, seven days;

(c) in any other case, twenty-eight days;

and a patient who has not returned or been taken into custody under this section within the said period shall cease to be liable to be detained or subject to guardianship, as the case may be, at the expiration of that period.

37.—(1) (a) A patient who is for the time being liable to be detained in a hospital by virtue of an application for admission under this Part of this Act may be transferred by the board of management of that hospital, as follows—

(i) to another hospital with the consent of the board of

management of that other hospital; or

(ii) into the guardianship of a local health authority with the consent of that authority; or

(iii) into the guardianship of any person approved by such an authority with the consent of that person; and

(b) a patient who is for the time being subject to the guardianship of any person, including a local health authority, by virtue of a guardianship application may be transferred by the local health authority concerned into the guardianship of another such person with the consent of that other person or be transferred to a hospital with the consent of the Mental Welfare Commission and of the board of management of the hospital; but no patient

Part IV

Transfer of patients.

840

Part IV

Transfer of guardianship in case of death, incapacity, etc., of guardian.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

shall be so transferred except with the consent of his guardian, or, if that consent is refused, with the approval of the sheriff to the transfer.

(2) Any transfer of a patient under the last foregoing subsection shall be intimated to his nearest relative and to the Mental Welfare Commission by the board of management of the hospital to which the patient is transferred or, as the case may be, by the local health authority concerned within seven days of the date of transfer.

(3) Where a patient is transferred in pursuance of this section, the provisions of this Part of this Act (including this subsection) shall apply to him as follows, that is to say—

(a) where the patient, being liable to be detained in a

hospital by virtue of an application for admission, is transferred to another hospital, as if the application were an application for admission to that other hospital, and as if the patient had been admitted to that other hospital at the time when be was originally admitted in pursuance of the application;

(b) where the patient, being liable to be detained as afore-

said, is transferred into guardianship, as if the application were a guardianship application duly forwarded to the local health authority at the time aforesaid;

(c) where the patient, being subject to guardianship by

virtue of a guardianship application, is transferred into the guardianship of another authority or person, as if the application were for his reception into the guardianship of that authority or person and had been forwarded at the time when it was originally forwarded to the local health authority concerned;

(d) where the patient, being subject to guardianship as aforesaid, is transferred to a hospital, as if the guardianship application were an application for admission to that hospital and as if the patient had been admitted to the hospital at the time when the application was originally forwarded.

38.—(1) If any person (other than a local health authority) having the guardianship of a patient received into guardianship under this Part of this Act—

(a) dies; or

(b) gives notice in writing to the local health authority con-

cerned that he desires to relinquish the functions of guardian,

the guardianship of the patient shall thereupon vest in the local health authority concerned, but without prejudice to any power

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

841

to transfer the patient into the guardianship of another person Part IV under the last foregoing section.

(2) If any such person, not having given notice under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, is incapacitated by illness or any other cause from performing the functions of guardian of the patient, those functions may, during his incapacity, be performed on his behalf by die local health authority concerned, or by any other person approved for the purpose by that authority.

(3) Where the guardianship of a patient is transferred to a local health authority or other person by or under this section, paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of the last foregoing section shall apply as if the patient had been transferred into the guardianship of that authority or person in pursuance of that section.

Duration of authority for detention or guardianship and discharge of patients

39.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, Duration of a patient admitted to a hospital in pursuance of an applica- authority, tion for admission, and a patient received into guardianship in pursuance of a guardianship application, may be detained in a hospital or kept under guardianship for a period not exceeding one year beginning with the day on which he was so admitted or so received, but shall not be so detained or kept for any longer period unless the authority for his detention or guardianship is renewed under the following provisions of this section.

(2) Authority for the detention or guardianship of a patient may, unless the patient has previously been discharged, be renewed under this section—

(a) from the expiration of the period referred to in subsec-

tion (1) of this section, for a further period of one year;

(b) from the expiration of any period of renewal under

paragraph (a) of this subsection, for a further period of two years,

and so on for periods of two years at a time.

(3) Within the period of two months ending on the day on which a patient who is liable to be detained in pursuance of an application for admission would cease under this section to be so liable in default of the renewal of the authority for his detention, it shall be the duty of the responsible medical officer to obtain from another medical practitioner a report on the condition of the patient in the prescribed form and thereafter to assess the need for the detention of the patient to be continued; and if it appears to him that it is necessary in the interests of the health or safety of the patient or for the protection of other persons that the patient should continue to be liable to be detained, he

2D*

842

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

Part IV

Detention or guardianship of certain patients after the age of twenty-five.

shall furnish to the board of management of the hospital where the patient is liable to be detained and to the Mental Welfare Commission a report to that effect in the prescribed form along with the report first mentioned.

(4) Within the period of two months ending with the day on which a patient who is subject to guardianship under this Part of this Act would cease under this section to be so liable in default of the renewal of the authority for his guardianship, it shall be the duty of the responsible medical officer to obtain from another medical practitioner a report on the condition of the patient in the prescribed form and thereafter to assess the need for the guardianship of the patient to be continued; and, if it appears to him that it is necessary in the interests of the health or safety of the patient or for the protection of other persons that the patient should remain under guardianship, he shall furnish to the local health authority concerned and to the Mental Welfare Commission a report to that effect in the prescribed form along with the report first mentioned.

(5) Subject to subsection (7) of this section, where a report is duly furnished under subsection (3) or subsection (4) of this section, the authority for the detention or guardianship of the patient shall be thereby renewed for the period prescribed in that case by subsection (2) of this section.

(6) Where a report under this section is furnished in respect of a patient the board of management or the local health authority, as the case may be, shall, unless they discharge the patient, cause him, his nearest relative and, in the case of a patient subject to guardianship, his guardian, to be informed.

(7) Any patient who has attained the age of sixteen years may, within the period for which the authority for his detention or guardianship is renewed by virtue of a report furnished in respect of him under this section, appeal to the sheriff to order his discharge.

40.—(1) For the purpose of determining whether a patient falling within either of the following categories, that is to say—

(a) a patient admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship by reason of his suffering from mental deficiency who has been continuously liable to be detained in a hospital or subject to guardianship since he attained the age of twenty-one; or (b) a patient admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship by reason of his suffering from a mental disorder being a mental illness which is a persistent disorder manifested only by abnormally aggressive or seriously irresponsible conduct,

ought to be detained or remain so subject after the date on which he attains the age of twenty-five, as being a patient referred to

1960

Mental Health (

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

843

in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (2) of section twenty-three Part IV of this Act, it shall be the duty of the responsible medical officer, within a period of two months before the patient attains his twenty-fifth birthday, -to obtain from another medical practitioner a report on the condition of the patient in the prescribed form and thereafter to assess the need for the detention or guardianship of the patient to be continued; and, if it appears to him that the patient is suffering from a mental disorder which would warrant his admission to a hospital or his reception into guardianship under this Part of this Act or, in the case of a patient liable to be detained in a hospital, that he would be likely to act in a manner dangerous to other persons or to himself, he shall furnish to the board of management or, as the case may be, to the local health authority concerned and to the Mental Welfare Commission a report to that effect in the prescribed form along with the report first mentioned.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, where a report is duly furnished under this section the authority for the detention or guardianship of the patient shall be thereby renewed, and shall continue in force accordingly after the patient attains the age of twenty-five, but without prejudice to the application to the patient of the provisions of the last foregoing section of this Act

(3) Where a report under this section is furnished in respect of a patient the board of management or the local health authority concerned, as the case may be, shall cause the patient, and the nearest relative of the patient to be informed forthwith, and the patient or that relative may, within the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day on which the patient attains the age of twenty-five years, appeal to the sheriff to order the discharge of the patient.

41.—(1) If on the day on which, apart from this section, a Special patient would cease to be liable to be detained or subject to provisions as guardianship under this Part of this Act or within the periodIh^twlthout of one week ending with that day, the patient is absent without jeave> leave, he shall not cease to be so liable or so subject—

(a) in any case, until the expiration of the period during

which he can be taken into custody under section thirty-six of this Act, or the day on which he returns or is returned to the hospital or place where he ought to be, whichever is the earlier; and

(b) if he returns or is returned as aforesaid within the period

first mentioned in the foregoing paragraph, until the expiration of the period of one week beginning with the day on which he is returned or returns as aforesaid.

(2) Where the period for which a patient is liable to be detained or subject to guardianship is extended by virtue of this section,

2D* 2

844

Ch. 61

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IV

Special provisions as to patients sentenced to imprisonment, etc.

Discharge of patients

any examination and report to be made and furnished under subsection (3) or subsection (4) of section thirty-nine or subsection

(1) of section forty of this Act may be made and furnished within that period as so extended.

(3) Where the authority for the detention or guardianship of a patient is renewed by virtue of this section after the day on which, apart from this section, that authority would have expired under section thirty-nine or section forty of this Act, the renewal shall take effect as from that day.

42. —(1) Where a patient who is liable to be detained in a hospital or is subject to guardianship under this Part of this Act is detained in custody in pursuance of any sentence or order passed or made by a court in the United Kingdom (including an order committing or remanding him in custody) and is so detained for a period exceeding six months, he shall, at the end of that period, cease to be so liable or so subject

(2) Where any such patient is detained in custody as aforesaid for a period not exceeding six months, or for successive periods that do not in the aggregate exceed six months, then—

(a) if apart from this subsection the patient would have ceased to be liable to be detained or to be subject as aforesaid on or before the day he is discharged from custody, he shall not cease to be so liable or so subject until the end of that day; and

(b) in any case, sections thirty-six and forty-one of this Act shall apply in relation to the patient as if he had absented himself without leave on that day.

43. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, a patient who is for the time being liable to be detained in a hospital or subject to guardianship under this Part of this Act shall cease to be so liable or so subject if an order in writing discharging him from detention or guardianship (in this Act referred to as " an order for discharge ") is made in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) An order for discharge shall be made in respect of a patient by the responsible medical officer or the Mental Welfare Commission where he or they are satisfied in the case of a patient liable to be detained or subject to guardianship as aforesaid—

(a) that he is not suffering from mental disorder; or

(b) that, having regard to the care or supervision which would be available for the patient if he were discharged, it is not necessary in the interests of his health or safety.

1960

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

845

or for the protection of other persons that he should Part IV continue to be liable to be detained or subject to guardianship.

(3) An order for discharge may be made in respect of a patient by the responsible medical officer, the Mental Welfare Commission or, where an appeal has been taken under section thirty-nine, forty or forty-four of this Act, by the sheriff:

Provided that such an order shall not be made by the responsible medical officer in respect of a patient detained in a State hospital without the consent of the board of management

(4) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, an order for discharge in respect of a patient may also be made by the nearest relative of the patient or—

(a) by the board of management of the hospital, in the case

of a patient liable to be detained in a hospital in pursuance of an application for admission; or

(b) by the local health authority concerned, where the

patient is subject to guardianship in pursuance of a guardianship application.

(5) An order for discharge made in respect of a patient by the board of management of a hospital or by the local health authority concerned shall, with the consent of the responsible medical officer, take effect on the expiration of a period of seven days from the date of making of the order, and where he does not so consent it shall be his duty to furnish to that board or, as the case may be, to that authority a report certifying that in his opinion the patient cannot be discharged without being a danger to himself or to others.

44.—(1) Where a report under section forty of this Act has Restrictions been furnished in respect of a patient, an order for discharge ?n discharge shall not be made by the nearest relative of the patient during the period of six months beginning with the date of the report

(2) An order for the discharge of a patient who is liable to be detained in a hospital or subject to guardianship shall not be made by his nearest relative except after giving not less than seven days* notice in writing to the board of management of the hospital or, as the case may be, to the local health authority concerned; and if within that period the responsible medical officer furnishes to that board or, as the case may be, to that authority a report certifying that, in his opinion, the patient is suffering from a mental disorder of a nature or degree which would warrant his admission to a hospital or his reception into guardianship under this Part of this Act, or, in the case of a patient liable to be detained in a hospital, that the patient, if

846

Part IV

Definition of relative and nearest relative.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

discharged, would be likely to act in a manner dangerous to other persons or to himself,—

(a) any order for the discharge of the patient made by that

relative in pursuance of the notice shall be of no effect; and

(b) no further order for the discharge of the patient shall be made by that relative during the period of six months beginning with the date of the report

(3) In any case where a report under subsection (2) of this section is furnished in respect of a patient, the board of management or, as the case may be, the local health authority concerned shall cause the nearest relative of the patient to be informed and that relative may, within the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day on which he is so informed, appeal to the sheriff to order the discharge of the patient

(4) An order for discharge in respect of a patient detained in a State hospital shall not be made by the nearest relative.

Functions of relatives of patients

45.—(1) For - the purposes of this section " relative " means any of the following, that is to say—

(a) spouse;

(b) child;

(c) father;

() mother;

(e) brother or sister;

if) grandparent;

(g) grandchild;

(h) uncle or aunt;

(i) nephew or niece.

(2) In deducing relationships for the purposes of this section, an adopted person shall be treated as the child of the person or persons by whom he was adopted and not as the child of any other person; and an illegitimate person shall be treated as the legitimate child of his mother.

(3) In this Act, subject to the provisions of this section and to the following provisions of this Part of this Act, the " nearest relative " means the person first listed in subsection (1) of this section who is caring for the patient, or was so caring immediately before the admission of the patient to a hospital or his reception into guardianship, failing whom the person first so listed, brothers and sisters of the whole blood being preferred to brothers and sisters of the half-blood, and the elder or eldest

1960

Mental Health (

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

847

of two or more relatives listed in any paragraph of that subsection being preferred to the other or others of those relatives, regardless of sex.

(4) Where the person who, under subsection (3) of this section, would be the nearest relative of a patient—

(a) is not ordinarily resident within the United Kingdom; or

(b) being the husband or wife of the patient, is permanently

separated from the patient, either by agreement or under an order of a court, or has deserted or has been deserted by the patient for a period and the spouse concerned is still in desertion; or

(c) not being the husband, wife, father or mother of the

patient, is for the time being under twenty-one years erf age,

the nearest relative of the patient shall be ascertained without regard to that person.

(5) In this section "adopted" means adopted in pursuance of an order for the adoption of any person made under Part I of the Adoption Act, 1958, or any previous enactment relating to the adoption of children, or any corresponding enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, and "court" includes a court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland.

(6) In this section " spouse " includes a person who is living with the patient as if he or she were the husband or wife of the patient, as the case may be (or, if the patient is for the time being an in-patient in a hospital, was so living until the patient was admitted), and has been or had been so living for a period of not less than six months; but a person shall not be treated by virtue of this subsection as the nearest relative of a married patient unless the husband or wife of the patient is disregarded by virtue of paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of this section.

46. In any case where the rights and powers of a parent of a patient, being a child or young person, are vested in a local authority or other person by virtue of—

(a) section seventy-nine of the Children and Young Persons

(Scotland) Act, 1937 (which relates to children and young persons committed to the care of fit persons under that Act);

(b) section seventy-five of the Children and Young Persons

Act, 1933 (which makes corresponding provision in England and Wales); or

Part IV

Children and young persons in care of local authority.

848

Part IV

Nearest relative of child under guardianship,

etc.

Appointment by sheriff of acting nearest relative.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(c) section three of the Children Act, 1948 (which relates to children in respect of whom parental rights have been assumed under section two of that Act),

that authority or person shall be deemed to be the nearest relative of the patient in preference to any person except the husband or wife (if any) of the patient, and except, in a case where the said rights and powers are vested in a local authority by virtue of subsection (2) of the said section three, any parent of the patient not being the person on whose account the resolution mentioned in that subsection was passed.

47. —(1) Where a patient who has not attained the age of twenty-one years—

(a) is, by virtue of an order made by a court in the exercise

of jurisdiction (whether under any enactment or otherwise) in respect of the guardianship of children, or by virtue of a deed or will executed by his father or mother, under the guardianship of a person not being his nearest relative under the foregoing provisions of this Act, or is under the joint guardianship of two persons of whom one is such a person as aforesaid; or

(b) is, by virtue of an order made by a court in the exer-

cise of such jurisdiction as aforesaid or in matrimonial proceedings, or by virtue of a separation agreement between his father and mother, in the custody of any such person,

the person or persons having the guardianship or custody of the patient shall, to the exclusion of any other person, be deemed to be his nearest relative.

(2) Subsection (4) of section forty-five of this Act shall apply in relation to a person who is, or who is one of the persons, deemed to be the nearest relative of a patient by virtue of this section as it applies in relation to a person who would be the nearest relative under subsection (3) of that section.

(3) A patient shall be treated for the purposes of this section as being in the custody or guardianship of another person if he would be in the custody or guardianship of that other person apart from subsection (4) of section twenty-nine of this Act

(4) In this section " court " includes a court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland, and " enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

48. —(1) The sheriff may, upon application made in accordance with the provisions of this section in respect of a patient, by order direct that the functions under this Act of the nearest

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

849

relative of the patient shall, during the continuance in force Part IV of the order, be exercisable by the applicant, or by any other person specified in the application, being a person who, in the opinion of the sheriff, is a proper person to act as the nearest relative of the patient, and who is willing to do so.

(2) An order under this section may be made on the application of—

(a) any relative (including the nearest relative) of the

patient;

(b) any other person with whom the patient is residing (or,

if the patient is then an in-patient in a hospital, was last residing before he was admitted); or

(c) a mental health officer,

but in relation to an application made by such an officer subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as if for the words "the applicant" there were substituted the words "the local health authority".

(3) An application for an order under this section may be made upon any of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the patient has no nearest relative within the

meaning of this Act, or that it is not reasonably practicable to ascertain whether he has such a relative or who that relative is;

(b) that the nearest relative of the patient is incapable of acting as such by reason of mental disorder or other illness;

(c) where the application is made by the nearest relative of

the patient, that he is unwilling or considers k undesirable to continue to act as such.

(4) While an order made under this section is in force, the provisions of this Part of this Act (other than this and the next following section) shall apply in relation to the patient as if for any reference to the nearest relative of the patient there were substituted a reference to the person having the functions of that relative and (without prejudice to the next following section) shall so apply notwithstanding that the person who was the nearest relative of the patient when the order was made is no longer his nearest relative.

49.—(1) An order made under the last foregoing section in Discharge and respect of a patient may be discharged by the sheriff upon variation of application made— °rd®" under

(a) by the person having the functions of the nearest relative

of the patient by virtue of the order;

(b) by the nearest relative of the patient.

850

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eijz. 2

Part IV (2) An order made under the last foregoing section in respect of a patient may be varied by the sheriff, on the application of the person having the functions of the nearest relative by virtue of the order or on the application of a mental health officer, by substituting for the first-mentioned person a local health authority or any other person who, in the opinion of the sheriff, is a proper person to exercise those functions, being an authority or person who is willing to do so.

(3) If the person having the functions of the nearest relative of a patient by virtue of an order under the last foregoing section dies, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply as if for any reference to that person there were substituted a reference to any relative of the patient, and until the order is discharged or varied under those provisions the functions of the nearest relative under this Part of this Act shall not be exercisable by any person.

(4) An order under the last foregoing section shall, unless previously discharged under subsection (1) of this section, cease to have effect—

(a) if the patient was on the date of the order liable to be detained in pursuance of an application for admission or subject to guardianship under this Part of this Act, or becomes so liable or so subject within the period of three months beginning with that date, when he ceases to be so liable or so subject (otherwise than on being transferred in pursuance of section thirty-seven of this Act);

(b) if the patient was not on the date of the order, and has not within the said period become, so liable or so subject, at the expiration of that period.

(5) The discharge or variation under this section of an order made under the last foregoing section shall not affect the validity of anything previously done in pursuance of the order.

Supplemental

Duty of mental 50. It shall be the duty of a mental health officer to make health officer to an application for admission or a guardianship application in application for of a patient within the area of the local authority by

admission or whom that officer was appointed in any case where he is satisfied guardianship that such an application ought to be made and is of the opinion, having regard to any wishes expressed by relatives of the patient and to any other relevant circumstances, that it is necessary or proper for the application to be made by him.

Appeals to 51.—(1) Where an appeal lies to the sheriff in respect of a

the sheriff report on a patient under section thirty-nine, section forty, or section forty-four of this Act, it shall be the duty of the board of management of the hospital where the patient is liable to be

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

851

detained or of the local health authority concerned, as the case Part rv may be, when intimating that a report has been furnished in pursuance of any of the said sections, to inform any person having a right so to appeal, whether the patient or his nearest relative, or both, of -that right, and of the period within which it may be exercised.

(2) In considering any such appeal the sheriff shall nave the like jurisdiction and the Hke powers and duties as he has in considering a submission for the approval of an application under this Part of this Act.

(3) For the purpose of advising whether such an appeal as aforesaid should be made by or in respect of a patient who is liable to be detained or subject to guardianship under this Part of this Act, or of furnishing information as to the condition of a patient for the purposes of such an appeal, any medical practitioner authorised by or on behalf of the patient or by the nearest relative of the patient, as the case may be, may, at any reasonable time, visit the patient and may examine him in private.

52. The Secretary of State may make regulations for prescrib- Regulations mg anything which, under this Part of this Act, is required or authorised to be prescribed.

53. —(1) In this Part of this Act the expression " responsible Interpretation

medical officer " means— of P*11 W-

(a) in relation to a patient who is liable to be detained

in a hospital, any medical praotitioner employed on the staff of that hospital who may be authorised by the board of management to act (either generally or in any particular case or class of case or for any particular purpose) as the responsible medical officer;

(b) in relation to a patient subject to guardianship, the

medical officer of health of the local health authority concerned or any other medical practitioner authorised by that authority to act (either generally or in any particular case or class of case or for any particular purpose) as the responsible medical officer.

(2) In relation to a patient who is subject to guardianship under this Part of this Act, any reference in this Act to the local health authority concerned is a reference—

(a) where a guardianship application is effective, to the local health authority to whom that application is addressed;

(b) where the patient has been transferred to guardianship

by the board of management of a hospital under subsection (1) of section thirty-seven of this Act, to the local health authority who received him into guardianship or approved his guardian.

(3) In this Act the expression " absent without leave " means absent from any hospital or other place and liable to be taken into custody and returned under section thirty-six of this Act, and kindred expressions shall be construed accordingly.

852

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Buz. 2

,4c/, 1960

Part V

Detention of Patients concerned in Criminal Proceedings, etc., and Transfer of Patients under Sentence

Provisions for compulsory detention and guardianship of patients charged with offences, etc.

Power of court to commit to hospital.

54.—(1) Where a court remands or commits for trial a person charged with any offence who appears to the court to be suffering from mental disorder, and the court is satisfied that a hospital is available for his admission and suitable for his detention, the court may, instead of remanding him in custody, commit him to that hospital.

(2) Where any person is committed to a hospital as aforesaid, the hospital shall be specified in the warrant and, if the responsible medical officer is satisfied that he is suffering from mental disorder of a nature or degree which warrants his admission to a hospital under Part IV of this Act, he shall there be detained for the period for which he is remanded or the period of committal, unless before the expiration of that period he is liberated in due course of law.

(3) When the responsible medical officer has examined the person so detained he shall report the result of that examination to the court and, where the report is to the effect that the person is not suffering from mental disorder of such a nature or degree as aforesaid, the court may commit him to any prison or other institution to which he might have been committed had he not been committed to hospital or may otherwise deal with him according to law.

(4) No person shall be committed to a hospital under this section except on the written or oral evidence of a medical practitioner.

Powers of courts to order hospital admission or guardianship.

55.—(1) Where a person is convicted in the High Court o! Justiciary or the sheriff court of an offence, other than an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law, punishable by that court with imprisonment, and the following conditions are satisfied, that is to say—

(a) the court is satisfied, on the written or oral evidence of two medical practitioners (complying with the provisions of section fifty-seven of this Act) that the offender is suffering from mental disorder of a nature or degree which, in the case of a person under twenty-one years of age would warrant his admission to a hospital or his reception into guardianship under Part IV of this Act; and

1960

Mental Health (,)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

853

(6) the court is of opinion, having regard to all the circumstances including the nature of the offence and the character and antecedents of the offender, and to the other available methods of dealing with him, that the most suitable method of disposing of the case is by means of an order under this section,

the court may by order authorise his admission to and detention in such hospital as may be specified in the order or, as the case may be, place him under the guardianship of such local health authority, or of such other person approved by a local health authority as may be so specified:

Provided that, where his case is remitted by the sheriff to the High Court of Justiciary for sentence under any enactment, the power to make an order under this subsection shall be exercisable by that Court.

(2) Where a person is charged summarily in the sheriff court with an act or omission as an offence and a finding has been recorded in respect of that person under subsection (7) of section sixty-three of this Act, the court shall make such an order for his admission to and detention in a hospital as may be made under the last foregoing subsection.

(3) Where in the case of a person charged as aforesaid the court would have power, on convicting him, to make an order under subsection (1) of this section, then, if it is satisfied that the person did the act or made the omission charged, the court may, if it thinks fit, make such an order without convicting him.

(4) Where a person is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction, other than a sheriff court, with any act or omission constituting an offence punishable with imprisonment, the court, if it appears to it that that person may be suffering from mental disorder, shall remit him to the sheriff court in the manner provided by section five of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954, and the sheriff court shall, on any such remit being made, have the like power to make an order under subsection (1) of this section in respect of him as if he had been charged before that court with the said act or amission as an offence, or in dealing with him may exercise the like powers as the court making the remit.

(5) Where it appears to the prosecutor in any court before which a person is charged with an offence that the person may be suffering from mental disorder, it shall be the duty of such prosecutor to bring before the court such evidence as may be available of the mental condition of that person.

(6) An order for the admission of a person to a hospital (in this Act, referred to as " a hospital order ") shall not be made under this section in respect of an offender or of a person to whom subsection (3) of this section applies unless the court is

Part V

854

Part V

Additional powers in respect of children and young persons.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

satisfied that that hospital, in the event of such an order being made by the court, is available for his admission thereto within twenty-eight days of the making of such an order.

(7) A State hospital shall not be specified in a hospital order in respect of the detention of a person unless the court is satisfied, on the evidence of the medical practitioners which is taken into account -under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, that the offender, on account of his dangerous, violent or criminal propensities, requires treatment under conditions of special security, and cannot suitably be cared for in a hospital other than a State hospital.

(8) An order placing a person under the guardianship of a local health authority or of any other person (in this Act referred to as "a guardianship order") shall not be made under this section unless the court is satisfied that that authority or person is willing to receive that person into guardianship.

(9) A hospital order or guardianship order shall specify the form of mental disorder, being mental illness or mental deficiency or both, from which, upon the evidence taken into account under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, the offender is found by the court to be suffering; and no such order shall be made unless the offender is described by each of the practitioners, whose evidence is taken into account as aforesaid, as suffering from the same form of mental disorder, whether or not he is also described by either of them as suffering from the other form.

(10) Where an order is made under this section, the court shall not pass sentence of imprisonment or impose a fine or make a probation order in respect of the offence, but may make any other order which the court has power to make apart from this section; and for the purposes of this subsection " sentence of imprisonment" includes any sentence or order for detention, including an order sending an offender to an approved school

56.—(1) If in the case of a child or young person brought before a juvenile court under section sixty-six or section sixty-eight of the Children and Young Persons (Gotland) Act, 1937,—

(a) the court is satisfied that the child or young person is

in need of care or protection, or that his parent or guardian is unable to control him. as the case may be; and

(b) the conditions which, under section fifty-five of this Act,

are required to be satisfied for the making of a hospital order or guardianship order in respect of a person convicted as therein mentioned are, so far as applicable, satisfied in the case of the child or young person.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

855

the court, where that court is a sheriff court, shall have the like Part V power to make a hospital order or guardianship order as if the child or young person had been convicted by the court of an offence punishable with imprisonment and, where the court is a juvenile court other than the sheriff court, shall remit him to the sheriff court and that court shall have the like power as aforesaid and may in dealing with him exercise the like powers as a juvenile court; and the provisions of the said section fifty-five shall, with the necessary modifications, apply accordingly.

(2) A court shall not make a hospital order or guardianship order in respect of a person brought before the court under section sixty-eight of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland)

Act, 1937, as being beyond the control of his parent or guardian, unless the court is satisfied that the parent or guardian understands the results which will follow from the order and consents to its being made.

(3) Where a hospital order is made by virtue of this section in respect of a child or young person, the court may also make an order committing him to the care of a fit person under the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937; but, except as aforesaid, no order shall be made under section sixty-six or sixty-eight of that Act in conjunction with a hospital order or guardianship order.

(4) Where it appears to any person bringing a child or young person before any court that the child or young person may be suffering from mental disorder, it shall be the duty of that person to bring before the court such evidence as may be available of the mental condition of that child or young person.

57.—(1) Of the medical practitioners whose evidence is taken Requirements into account under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section 88 to medical fifty-five of this Act, at least one shall be a practitioner approved CVI ence* for the purposes of section twenty-seven of this Act by a Regional Hospital Board as having special experience in the diagnosis or treatment of mental disorder.

(2) For the purposes of the said paragraph (a) a report in writing purporting to be signed by a medical practitioner may, subject to the provisions of this section, be received in evidence without proof of the signature or qualifications of the practitioner; but the court may, in any case, require that the practitioner by whom such a report was signed be called to give oral evidence.

(3) Where any such report as aforesaid is tendered in evidence, otherwise than by or on behalf of the accused, then—

(a) if the accused is represented by counsel or solicitor, a copy of the report shall be given to his counsel or solicitor;

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Buz. 2

856

Ch. 61

Part

Effects of hospital orders and guardianship orders.

(b) if the accused is not so represented, the substance of the report shall be disclosed to the accused or, where he is a child or young person, to his parent or guardian if present in court;

(c) in any case, the accused may require that the practitioner

by whom the report was signed be called to give oral evidence, and evidence to rebut the evidence contained in the report may be called by or on behalf of the accused;

and where the court is of opinion that further time is necessary in the interests of the accused for consideration of that report, or the substance of any such report, it shall adjourn the case.

(4) For the purpose of calling evidence to rebut the evidence contained in any such report as aforesaid, arrangements may be made by or on behalf of an accused person detained in a hospital for his examination by any medical practitioner, and any such examination may be made in private.

(5) In relation to a child or young person brought before a juvenile court under section sixty-six or section sixty-eight of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, or before a sheriff court under a remit in pursuance of the last foregoing section, subsection (3) of this section shall have effect as If for references to the accused there were substituted references to the child or young person, subsection (4) shall have effect as if for the reference to an accused person there was substituted a reference to a child or young person; and, in the case of a child or young person brought before the court under the said section sixty-eight, paragraphs (a) to (c) of the said subsection (3) shall have effect as if those references included references to his parent or guardian, and as if in the said paragraph ( ) the words from " or, where " to the end of the paragraph were omitted.

58.—(1) A hospital order shall be sufficient authority—

(a) for a constable, a mental health offioer, or any other person directed to do so by the court to convey the patient to the hospital specified in the order within a period of twenty-eight days; and ib) for the board of management of the hospital to admit him at any time within that period, and thereafter to detain him in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(2) A guardianship order shall confer on the authority or person therein named as guardian the like powers as a guardianship application effective under Part IV of this Act.

(3) A patient who is admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship in pursuance of a hospital order, or, as the case may be, a guardianship order, shall be treated for the purposes of Part IV of this Act (other than section thirty) as if he had

1960

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

857

been so admitted or received on the date of the order in pur- Part v suance of an application for admission or a guardianship application as aforesaid, except that—

(a) the power to order the discharge of the patient under

section forty-three shall not be exercisable by his nearest relative; and

(b) the provisions of subsection (2) of section twenty-three and of section forty relating to the expiration and renewal of authority for the detention or guardianship of certain patients shall not apply;

and accordingly the provisions of the said Part IV specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act shall apply in relation to him, subject to the exceptions and modifications set out in the second column of that Schedule, and the remaining provisions of the said Part IV shall not apply.

(4) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of section sixty of this Act, where a patient is admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship in pursuance of a hospital order or, as the case may be, a guardianship order, any previous application, hospital order or guardianship order by virtue of which he was liable to be detained in a hospital or subject to guardianship shall cease to have effect:

Provided that, if either of the two orders first-mentioned or the conviction to which it relates is quashed on appeal, this subsection shall not apply and section forty-two of this Act shall have effect as if during any period for which the patient was liable to be detained or subject to guardianship under the order he had been detained in custody as mentioned in that section.

59.—(1) The court by which a hospital order is made may give Supplementary such directions as it thinks fit for the conveyance of the patient provisions as to a place of safety and his detention therein pending his admission to the hospital within the period of twenty-eight days referred to in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section; but a direction for the conveyance of a patient to a home provided by a local authority under Part II of the Children Act, 1948, shall not be given, unless the court is satisfied that that authority is willing to receive the patient therein.

(2) If within the said period of twenty-eight days it appears to the Secretary of State that by reason of an emergency or other special circumstances it is not practicable for the patient to be received into the hospital specified in the order, he may give directions for the admission of the patient to such other hospital as appears to be appropriate in lieu of the hospital so specified; and where such directions are given the Secretary of State shall cause the person having the custody of the patient to be informed, and die hospital order shall have effect as if the hospital specified in the directions were substituted for the hospital specified in the order.

858

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V

Power of court to restrict discharge from hospital.

60.—(1) Where a hospital order is made in respect of a person, and it appears to the court, having regard to the nature of the offence with which he is charged, the antecedents of the person and the risk that as a result of his mental disorder he would commit offences if set at large, that it is necessary for the protection of the public so to do, the court may, subject to the provisions of this section, further order that the person shall be subject to the special restrictions set out in this section, either without limit of time or during such period as may be specified in the order.

(2) An order under this section (in this Act referred to as " an order restricting discharge ") shall not be made in the case of any person unless the medical practitioner approved by the Regional Hospital Board for the purposes of section twenty-seven of this Act, whose evidence is taken into account by the court under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fifty-five of this Act, has given evidence orally before the court.

(3) The special restrictions applicable to a patient in respect of whom an order restricting discharge is in force are as follows, that is to say—

(a) none of the provisions of Part IV of this Act relating to

the duration, renewal and expiration of authority for the detention of patients shall apply, and the patient shall continue to be liable to be detained by virtue of the relevant hospital order until he is absolutely discharged under the next following section;

(b) the following powers shall be exercisable only with the

consent of the Secretary of State, that is to say—

(i) power to grant leave of absence to the patient under section thirty-five of this Act; and

(ii) power to transfer the patient under section thirty-seven of this Act;

and if leave of absence is granted under the said section thirty-five the power to recall the patient under that section shall be vested in the Secretary of State as well as in the responsible medical officer; and

(c) the power to take the patient into custody and return

him under section thirty-six of this Act may be exercised at any time;

and in relation to any such patient the provisions of the said Part IV described in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the exceptions and modifications set out in the third column of that Schedule in lieu of those set out in the second column of that Schedule.

(4) Where an order restricting the discharge of a patient is in force, a guardianship order shall not be made in respect erf

1960

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

859

him; and where the hospital order relating to him ceases to Part V have effect by virtue of subsection (4) of section fifty-eight of this Act on the making of another hospital order, that order shall have the same effect in relation to the order restricting discharge as the previous hospital order, but without prejudice to the power of the court making that other hospital order to make another order restricting discharge to have effect on the expiration of the previous such order.

(5) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, where an order restricting the discharge of a patient ceases to have effect while the relevant hospital order continues in force, the provisions of section fifty-eight of this Act and the Second Schedule to this Act shall apply to the patient as if he had been admitted to the hospital in pursuance of a hospital order (without an order restricting his discharge) made on the date on which the order restricting his discharge ceased to have effect

61.—(1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that an order Powers of restricting the discharge of a patient is no longer required for of

the protection of the public, he may direct that the patient respecfof shall cease to be subject to the special restrictions set out in the patients last foregoing section; and where the Secretary of State so subject to directs, the order restricting the discharge of the patient shall restriction cease to have effect, and subsection (5) of that section shall or ers‘ apply accordingly.

(2) At any time while an order restricting the discharge of a patient is in force, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, by warrant discharge the patient from hospital, either absolutely or subject to conditions; and, where a person is absolutely discharged under this subsection, he shall thereupon cease to be liable to be detained by virtue of the relevant hospital order, and the order restricting his discharge shall cease to have effect accordingly.

(3) The Secretary of State may, at any time during the con* tinuance in force of an order restricting the discharge of a patient who has been conditionally discharged under the last foregoing subsection, and without prejudice to his further discharge as aforesaid, by warrant recall the patient to such hospital as may be specified in the warrant; and thereupon—

(a) if the hospital so specified is not the hospital from which the patient was conditionally discharged, the hospital order and the order restricting his discharge shall have effect as if the hospital specified in the warrant were substituted for the hospital specified in the hospital order;

860 Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2 Act, 1960

Part V (b) in any case, the patient shall be treated for the purposes of section thirty-six of this Act as if he had absented himself without leave from the hospital specified in the warrant, and if the order restricting his discharge was made for a specified period, that period shall not in any event expire until the patient returns to the hospital or is returned to the hospital under that section. (4) If an order restricting the discharge of a patient ceases to have effect after the patient has been conditionally discharged under this section, the patient shall, unless previously recalled under the last foregoing subsection, be deemed to be absolutely discharged on the date when the order ceases to have effect, and shall cease to be liable to be detained by virtue of the relevant hospital order accordingly. (5) The Secretary of State may, if satisfied that the attendance at any place in Great Britain of a patient who is subject to an order restricting discharge is desirable in the interests of justice or for the purposes of any public inquiry, direct him to be taken to that place; and where a patient is directed under this subsection to be taken to any place he shall, unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs, be kept in custody while being so taken, while at that place, and while being taken back to the hospital in which he is liable to be detained.

Appeals. 62. Where a hospital order, guardianship order or an order restricting discharge has been made by a court in respect of a person charged or brought before it, he may, without prejudice to any other form of appeal under any rule of law, appeal against that order in the same manner as against a conviction.

Procedure in 63.—(1) Where any person charged on indictment with the

cases where commission of an offence is found insane so that the trial of that person upon the indictment cannot proceed, or if in the course of or is the ground tTlSL^ °* any pzTS°n so indicted it appears to the jury that he of acquittal of a is insane, the court shall direct a finding to that effect to be criminal recorded.

charge. (2) Where in the case of any person charged as aforesaid evidence is brought before the court that that person was insane at the time of doing the act or making the amission constituting the offence with which he is charged and the person is acquitted, the court shall direct the jury to find whether the person was insane at such time as aforesaid, and to declare whether the person was acquitted by them on account of his insanity at that time. (3) Where the court has directed thait a finding be recorded in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, or where a jury has declared that a person has been acquitted by them on the

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

861

ground of his insanity in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection. the court shall order that the person to whom that finding or that acquittal relates shall be detained in a State hospital or such other hospital as for special reasons the court may specify.

(4) In subsection (3) of section three of the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926 (which section, among other things, empowers the High Court of Justiciary to substitute a verdict of acquittal on the ground of insanity for the verdict found by the jury) for the words from " until " to " 1857 " there shall be substituted the words " as may be made under section sixty-three of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960."

(5) An order for the detention of a person in a hospital under this section or under section three of the said Act of 1926 shall have the like effect as a hospital order together with an order restricting his discharge, made without limitation of time; and where such an order is given in respect of a person while he is in the hospital, he shall be deemed to be admitted in pursuance of, and on the date of, the order.

(6) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any rule of law relating to insanity standing in bar of trial shall apply in the case of a person charged summarily in the sheriff court as it would apply if that person were charged on indictment

(7) Where, in the case of any person charged summarily in the sheriff court the court is satisfied that the person is insane so that the trial of that person cannot proceed, the court shall direct a finding to that effect, and the reasons for that finding, to be recorded, and shall deal with him in the manner provided by subsection (2) of section fifty-five of this Act.

(8) It shall not be competent for a person charged as aforesaid to found on a plea of insanity standing in bar of trial unless, before the first witness for the prosecution is called, he gives notice to the prosecutor of the plea and of the witnesses by whom he proposes to maintain it; and where notice as aforesaid has been given, the court shall, if the prosecutor so moves, adjourn the case.

(9) Where it appears to a court that it is not practicable or appropriate for an accused person to be brought before it for the purpose of determining whether the accused is insane so that his trial cannot proceed, then, if no objection to such a course is taken by or on behalf of the accused, the court may order that the case be proceeded with in his absence.

64.—(1) The Secretary of State may by warrant direct that any person who, by virtue of any enactment to which this subsection applies, is required to be kept in custody during Her Majesty’s pleasure or until the directions of Her Majesty are known shall

Part V

Persons ordered to be kept in custody during Her Majesty’s pleasure.

862 Ch. 61 Mental Health 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

Part v be detained in a State hospital or such other hospital as he may specify and, Where that person is not already detained in the hospital, give directions for his removal there.

(2) The enactments to which subsection (1) of this section applies are subsection (4) of section six of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951, section one hundred and sixteen of the Army Act, 1955, section one hundred and sixteen of the Air Force Act, 1955, and section sixty-three of the Naval Discipline Act, 1957.

(3) A direction under this section in respect of any person shall have the like effect as an order referred to in subsection (3) of the last foregoing section.

Transfer to hospital or guardianship of , etc.

Removal to 65.—(1) If in the case of a person committed in custody while

hospital of awaiting trial or sentence it appears to the Secretary of State prSnav^itinc t*iat person is suffering from mental disorder of a nature trial, etc. or degree which warrants his admission to a hospital under Part IV of this Act, he may apply to the sheriff for an order that that person be removed to and detained in such hospital (not being a private hospital) as may be specified in the order, and the sheriff, if satisfied by reports from two medical practitioners (complying with the provisions of this section) that the person is suffering from mental disorder as aforesaid, and that the person ought to be so removed and detained, may make an order accordingly.

(2) An order under this section (in this Act referred to as " a transfer order ") shall cease to have effect at the expiration of the period of fourteen days beginning with the date on which it is made, unless within that period the person with respect to whom it was made has been received into the hospital specified therein.

(3) A transfer order with respect to any person shall have the like effect as a hospital order made in his case together with an order restricting his discharge made without limit of time.

(4) Of the medical practitioners whose reports are taken into account under subsection (1) of this section, at least one shall be a practitioner approved for the purposes of section twenty-seven of this Act by a Regional Hospital Board as having special experience in the diagnosis or treatment of mental disorder.

(5) A transfer order shall specify the form or forms of mental disorder, being mental illness or mental deficiency or both, from which the patient is found by the sheriff to be suffering; and no such order shall be made unless the patient is described by each of the practitioners whose evidence is taken

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

863

into account as aforesaid as suffering from the same form of Part v mental disorder, whether or not he is also described by either of them as suffering from the other form.

66.—(1) If in the case of a person to whom this section applies Removal to the Secretary of State is satisfied by the like reports as are hospital of required for the purposes of the last foregoing section that that person is suffering from mental disorder, the Secretary of State imprisonment may make a direction (in this Act referred to as " a transfer and other direction *0 in respect of him. prisoners.

(2) This section applies to the following persons, that is to say—

(a) persons serving sentences of imprisonment suffering

from mental disorder of a nature or degree which warrants their admission to a hospital under a hospital order;

(b) civil prisoners, that is to say, persons committed by

court to prison in respect of a civil debt, suffering from a mental disorder of a nature or degree which warrants their admission to a hospital under Part IV of this Act;

(c) aliens detained in a prison or other institution to which

the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952, applies, in pursuance of the Aliens Order, 1953, or any order amending or replacing that order, suffering from mental disorder as in the last foregoing paragraph.

(3) Subsections (2), (4) and (5) of the last foregoing section shall apply for the purposes of this section and of any transfer direction given by virtue of this section as they apply for the purposes of that section and of any transfer order thereunder, with the substitution for any reference to the sheriff of a reference to the Secretary of State.

(4) A transfer direction with respect to any person shall have the like effect as a hospital order made in his case.

(5) Where a transfer direction is given in respect of any person, that person may, within three months of his transfer to a hospital thereunder, appeal to the sheriff to cancel the direction; and, if a transfer direction is so cancelled, the Secretary of State shall direct that the person be remitted to any prison or other institution in which he might have been detained if he had not been removed to hospital, there to be dealt with as if he had not been so removed.

(6) Subsections (2) and (3) of section fifty-one of this Act shall apply to an appeal under the last foregoing subsection in like manner as they apply to an appeal referred to in that section.

864

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

Part V

Restriction on discharge of prisoners removed to hospital.

Further provisions as to persons removed to hospital while awaiting trial, etc.

(7) References in this section to a person serving a sentence of imprisonment include references—

(a) to a person detained in pursuance of any sentence or

order for detention made by a court in criminal proceedings, or made or having effect as if made in any proceedings under the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937 (other than an order under section sixty-three of this Act, or under subsection (3) of section three of the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926, or under any enactment to which section sixty-four of this Act applies or an order for detention in a remand home under section fifty-eight of the said Act of 1937 or in a place of safety under section seventy-one of that Act); and

(b) to a person committed by a court to a prison or other

institution to which the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952, applies in default of payment of any fine to be paid on his conviction.

67. —(1) Where a transfer direction is given in respect of any person, the Secretary of State, if he thinks fit, may by warrant direct that that person shall be subject to the special restrictions set out in section sixty of this Act.

(2) A direction under this section (in this Act referred to as " a direction restricting discharge") shall have the like effect as an order restricting the discharge of the patient made under the said section sixty.

68. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any transfer order made in respect of a person in pursuance of subsection (1) of section sixty-five of this Act shall cease to have effect if the proceedings in respect of him are dropped or when his case is disposed of by the court to which he was committed, or by which he was remanded, but without prejudice to any power of that court to make a hospital order or other order under this Part of this Act in his case.

(2) Where a transfer order has been made in respect of any such person as aforesaid, then, if the Secretary of State is notified by the responsible medical officer at any time before that person is brought before the court to which he was committed, or by which he was remanded, that he no longer requires treatment for mental disorder, the Secretary of State may by warrant direct that he be remitted to any place where he might have been detained if he had not been removed to hospital, there to be dealt with as if he had not been so removed, and on his arrival at the place to which he is so remitted the transfer order shall cease to have effect.

1960

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

865

(3) Where a transfer order in respect of any person ceases to Part V have effect under subsection (1) of this section, then unless his case has been disposed of by the court—

(a) passing a sentence of imprisonment (within the meaning of subsection (10) of section fifty-five of this Act) on him; or

(b) making a hospital order or guardianship order in his case,

he shall continue to be Hable to be detained in the hospital in which he was detained under the transfer order as if he had been admitted thereto, on the date on which that order ceased to have effect, in pursuance of an application for admission made under Part IV of this Act, and the provisions of this Act shall apply accordingly.

69.—(1) Where a transfer direction and a direction restrict-Further ing discharge have been given in respect of a person serving provisions as a sentence of imprisonment and the Secretary of State is notified by the responsible medical officer at any time before the expiration of that person’s sentence that that person no longer requires treatment for mental disorder, the Secretary of State may—

(a) by warrant direct that he be remitted to any prison or

other institution in which he might have been detained if he had not been removed to hospital, there to be dealt with as if he had not been so removed; or

(b) exercise or authorise the managers of any approved school

to which he might have been remitted to exercise any power of releasing him on licence or discharging him under supervision which would have been exercisable if he had been remitted to such a prison or institution as aforesaid,

and on his arrival in the prison or other institution or, as the case may be, his release or discharge as aforesaid, the transfer direction and the direction restricting discharge shall cease to have effect.

(2) A direction restricting discharge given in respect of a person serving a sentence of imprisonment shall cease to have effect on the expiration of the sentence.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, where a direction restricting the discharge of a person ceases to have effect, that person shall be discharged unless a report is furnished in respect of him under the next following subsection.

(4) Within a period of twenty-eight days before a direction restricting the discharge of a person ceases to have effect, it shall be the duty of - the responsible medical officer to obtain from another medical practitioner a report on the condition of the patient in the prescribed form and thereafter to assess the need for the detention of the patient to be continued; and, if it

2 E

866

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part V

Further provisions as to civil prisoners.

appears to him that it is necessary in the interests of the health or safety of the patient or for the protection of other persons that the patient should continue to 'be liable to be detained in hospital, he shall furnish to the board of management of the hospital where the patient is liable to be detained and to the Mental Welfare Commission a report to that effect in the prescribed form along with the report first mentioned.

(5) Where a report is duly furnished under the last foregoing subsection, the patient shall be treated as if he had been admitted to the hospital in pursuance of a hospital order (without an order restricting his discharge) made on the date on which the direction restricting his discharge ceased to have effect, but the provisions of subsections (6) and (7) of section thirty-nine and of section fifty-one of this Act shall apply to him in like manner as they apply to a patient the authority for whose detention in hospital has been renewed in pursuance of subsection (5) of the said section thirty-nine.

(6) Subject to the next following subsection, references in this section to the expiration of a person’s sentence are references to the expiration of the period during which he would have been liable to be detained in a prison or other institution if the transfer direction had not been given.

(7) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section thirty-seven of the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952 (which subsection provides for discounting from the sentence of certain prisoners periods while they are unlawfully at large) a patient who, having been transferred in pursuance of a transfer direction from any such institution as is referred to in that subsection, is at large, in circumstances in which he is liable to be taken into custody under any provision of this Act, shall be treated as unlawfully at large and absent from that institution.

(8) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State.

70.—(1) Any transfer direction given in respect of a civil prisoner shall cease to have effect on the expiration of the period during which he would, but for his removal to 'hospital, be liable to be detained in prison.

(2) Where a transfer direction given in respect of any person ceases to have effect by virtue of this section, he shall continue to be liable to be detained in the hospital in which he was detained under that direction as if he had been admitted thereto, on the date on which the direction ceased to have effect, in pursuance of an application for admission made under Part IV of this Act, and the provisions of this Act shall apply accordingly.

Reception into 71.—(1) If in the case of a child or young person detained in

guardianship an approved school the Secretary of State is satisfied by the like senuo°nS reports as are required for the purposes of section sixty-five of this approved Act that the child or young person is suffering from mental

schools. disorder of a nature or degree which warrants his reception into

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

867

guardianship under this Act, the Secretary of State may, if he part V is of opinion having regard to the public interest and to all the circumstances that it is expedient so to do, by warrant direct that he be placed under the guardianship of a local health authority or of any such other person approved by a local health authority as may be specified in the direction.

(2) A direction shall not be given under this section placing a person under the guardianship of a local health authority or other person unless the Secretary of State is satisfied that that authority or person is willing to receive that person into guardianship.

(3) A direction under this section with respect to any person shall have die like effect as a guardianship order made in his case.

Supplemental

72.—(1) In this Part of this Act the following expressions have interpretation the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to of Part v. say:—

" approved school " means a school approved under section eighty-three of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937;

" child " and " young person " have the same meaning as in the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937;

"civil prisoner" has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section sixty-six of this Act;

" guardian ", in relation to a child or young person, has the same meaning as in the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act. 1937;

" place of safety ", in relation to a person not being a child or young person, means any police station, prison or remand centre, or any hospital the board of management of which are willing temporarily to receive him, and in relation to a child or young person means a place of safety within the meaning of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937;

" remand home " means premises established or used by the council of a county or a large burgh under section eighty-one of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937.

(2) References in this Act to an offence punishable with imprisonment shall be construed, in relation to any accused person, without regard to any prohibition or restriction imposed by or undo: any enactment upon the imprisonment of offenders of his age.

2 E 2

868

Part V

Removal of patients to England and Wales.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(3) In the following provisions of this Part of this Act, that is to say—

subsections (2) to (4) of section fifty-eight;

subsections (3) and (4) of section sixty; and

section sixty-one,

any reference to a hospital order, a guardianship order or an order restricting the discharge of a patient subject to a hospital order shall be construed as including a reference to any order or direction under this Part of this Act having the like effect as the first-mentioned order; and the exceptions and modifications set out in the Second Schedule to this Act in respect of the provisions of Part IV of this Act described in that Schedule accordingly include those which are consequential on the provisions of this subsection.

(4) References in this Part of this Act to persons serving a sentence of imprisonment shall be construed in accordance with subsection (7) of section sixty-six of this Act.

(5) Section one hundred and three of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937 (which relates to the presumption and determination of age) shall apply for the purposes of this Part of this Act as it applies for the purposes of that Act

Part VI

Removal and return of patients within United Kingdom, etc.

Removal to and from England and Wales

73.—(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State, in the case of a patient who is for the time being liable to be detained or subject to guardianship under this Act, that it is in the interests of the patient to remove him to England and Wales, and that arrangements have been made for admitting him to a hospital or, as the case may be, for receiving him into guardianship there, the Secretary of State may authorise his removal to England and Wales and may give any necessary directions for his conveyance to his destination.

(2) Where a patient who is liable to be detained or subject to guardianship as aforesaid by virtue of an application, order or direction under any enactment in force in Scotland is removal under this section and admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship in England and Wales, he shall be treated—

(a) where he is admitted to a hospital, as if on the date of his admission he had been so admitted in pursuance of an application made, or an order or direction made

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

869

or given, on that date under the corresponding enact- Part Vi meat in force in England and Wales, and, where he is subject to an order or direction under any enactment in this Act restricting his discharge, as if he were subject to an order or direction under the corresponding enactment in force in England and Wales;

(b) where he is received into guardianship, as if on the date on which he arrives at the place where he is to reside he had been so received in pursuance of an application, order or direction under the corresponding enactment in force in England and Wales and as if the application had been accepted or, as the case may be, the order or direction had been made or given on that date.

(3) Where a patient removed under this section was immediately before his removal liable to be detained under this Act by virtue of a transfer direction given while he was serving a sentence of imprisonment (within the meaning of subsection (7) of section sixty-six of this Act) imposed by a court in Scotland, he shall be treated as if the sentence had been imposed by a court in England and Wales.

(4) Where a person so removed as aforesaid was immediately before his removal subject to an order or direction restricting his discharge, being an order or direction of limited duration, that order or direction shall expire on the date on which it would have expired if he had not been so removed.

(5) In this section references to a hospital in England and Wales shall be construed as references to a hospital within the meaning of Part IV of the Mental Health Act, 1959.

74. The following section shall be substituted for sections Removal of eighty-one and eighty-two of the Mental Health Act, 1959 (which patients from confer power on the Minister of Health and the Secretary of ?^land and State to remove patients from England and Wales to Scotland), a es* that is to say:—

MRemoval 81.—(1) If it appears to the responsible Minister,

of E*?1*8, in the case of a patient who is for - the time being to Scotland. iiabie to detained or subject to guardianship under this Act, that it is in the interests of the patient to remove him to Scotland, and that arrangements have been made for admitting him to a hospital or, as the case may be, for receiving him into guardianship there, the responsible Minister may authorise his removal to Scotland and may give any necessary directions for his conveyance to his destination.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, where a patient who is liable to be

870

Ch. 61

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VI detained or subject to guardianship as aforesaid by

virtue of an application, order or direction under any enactment in force in England and Wales is removed under this section and admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship in Scotland, he shall be treated—

(a) where he is admitted to a hospital, as if

on the date of his admission he had been so admitted in pursuance of an application forwarded to the board of management, or an order or direction made or given, on that date under the corresponding enactment in Scotland, and, where he is subject to an order or direction under any enactment in this Act restricting his discharge, as if he were subject to an order or direction under the corresponding enactment in force in Scotland;

(b) where he is received into guardianship, as

if on the date on which he arrives at the place where he is to reside he had been so received in pursuance of an application, order or direction under the corresponding enactment in force in Scotland, and as if the application had been forwarded or, as the case may be, the order or direction had been made or given on that date.

(3) Where a person removed under this section was immediately before his removal liable to be detained by virtue of an application for admission for observation under this Act, he shall, on his admission to a hospital in Scotland, be treated as if he had been admitted thereto in pursuance of an emergency recommendation under the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, made on die date of his admission.

(4) Where a patient removed under this section was immediately before his removal liable to be detained under this Act by virtue of a transfer direction given while he was serving a sentence of imprisonment (within the meaning of subsection (6) of section seventy-two of this Act) imposed by a court in England and Wales, he shall be treated as if the sentence had been imposed by a court in Scotland.

(5) Where a person removed under this section was immediately before his removal subject to an order or direction restricting discharge, being an order or direction of limited duration, the order or direction shall expire on the date on which it would have expired if he had not been so removed.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

871

(6) In this section " the responsible Minister " Part VI means the Minister of Health or, in relation to a patient who is subject to an order or direction restricting his discharge, the Secretary of State, and " hospital " has the same meaning as in the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960."

75.—(1) Where a patient is removed from Scotland to Position of England and Wales in pursuance of arrangements under this Part nearest relative of this Act, and at the time of his removal there is in force an order under Part IV of this Act directing that the functions lo of his nearest relative under this Act shall be exercisable by a person other than the nearest relative within the meaning of the said Part IV, the order, so far as it so directs, shall, on the patient’s admission to a hospital or reception into guardianship in England and Wales, have effect as if it were an order made by a county court under Part IV of the Mental Health Act, 1959, and accordingly may be discharged or varied by the county court under that Act and not by the sheriff under this Act.

(2) Where a patient is removed as aforesaid and the person who, apart from any such order, is treated by virtue of any of the provisions of sections forty-five to forty-seven of this Act as the nearest relative within the meaning of Part IV of this Act would not be treated by virtue of section forty-nine of the said Act of 1959 as the nearest relative within the meaning of Part IV of that Act, that person shall, after the admission of the patient •to a hospital or his reception into guardianship in England and Wales, be treated as the nearest relative within the meaning of Part IV of the said Act of 1959, subject, however, to any order made, or treated by the foregoing subsection as made, by the county court under section fifty-itwo of that Act and without prejudice to the operation of the other provisions of Part IV of that Act with respect to the nearest relative of a patient.

(3) An order of the sheriff under section forty-eight of this Act may be proved by a certificate under the hand of the sheriff clerk.

76.—(1) Where a patient is removed from England and Position of Wales to Scotland in pursuance of arrangements under Part VI nearest relative of the Mental Health Act, 1959, as amended by this Act, and at the time of his removal there is in force an order under Part IVlo of that Act directing that the functions of his nearest relative under that Act shall be exercisable by a person other than the nearest relative within the meaning of that Part of that Act, the order, so far as it so directs, shall, on his admission to a hospital or reception into guardianship in Scotland, have effect as if it were an order made by a sheriff under Part IV of this Act, and accordingly may be discharged or varied by the sheriff under this Act and not by the county court under that Act.

872

Part VI

Removal to Northern Ireland of patients not subject to restriction.

Ch. 61 Mental Health ( 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(2) Where a patient is removed as aforesaid and the person who, apart from any such order, is treated by virtue of sections forty-nine to fifty-one of the said Act of 1959 as the nearest relative within the meaning of Part IV of that Act would not be treated by virtue of section forty-five of this Act as the nearest relative within the meaning of Part IV of this Act, that person shall, after the admission of the patient to a hospital or his reception into guardianship in Scotland, be treated as the nearest relative within the meaning of Part IV of this Act, subject, however, to any order made, or treated by the foregoing subsection as made, by the sheriff under section forty-eight of this Act and without prejudice to the operation of the other provisions of Part IV of this Act with respect to the nearest relative of a patient.

(3) An entry made in a book or other document required to be kept for the purposes of section twenty-six of the County Courts Act, 1959 (which relates to the keeping of records of proceedings of county courts) and relating to an order of a county court under section fifty-two or section fifty-three of the Mental Health Act, 1959, or a copy of such an entry purporting to be signed and certified as a true copy by the registrar of the county court, shall, in Scotland, be evidence of the like matters and to the like extent as in England and Wales.

Removal to and from Northern Ireland

77.—(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State, in the case of a patient who is for the time being liable to be detained or subject to guardianship under this Act, not being a patient subject to an order or direction restricting his discharge, that it is in the interests of the patient to remove him to Northern Ireland and that arrangements have been made—

(a) for his reception into a mental hospital within the mean-

ing of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland), 1948; or

(b) for his reception into an institution within the meaning

of that Act or for receiving him into the guardianship of the Northern Ireland Hospitals Authority;

the Secretary of State may authorise the removal of the patient to Northern Ireland and give any necessary directions for his conveyance to his destination.

(2) Where a person is removed under this section to Northern Ireland, and is received in pursuance of the arrangements into a mental hospital, he shall, on his reception, be treated for all purposes as having been so received in pursuance of a judicial order made under Part II of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, on the date on which he is so received.

(3) Where a person is removed under this Section to Northern Ireland, and is received in pursuance of the arrangements into an

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

873

institution within the meaning of the said Act of 1948, or is Part VI received into the guardianship of the Northern Ireland Hospitals Authority, he shall, on being so received, be treated for all purposes as if he had been so received in pursuance of a judicial order made under Part III of that Act on the date on which he is so received.

78.—(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State, in the case of Removal to a patient who is for the time being liable to be detained under Northern this Act, being a patient who is also subject to an order or Ire*an^of direction restricting his discharge, that it is in the interests of subject to the patient to remove him to Northern Ireland and that arrange- restriction ments have been made— on discharge.

(a) for his reception into a mental hospital within the mean-

ing of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, or

(b) for his reception into an institution within the meaning

of that Act,

the Secretary of State may by warrant authorise the removal of the patient to Northern Ireland, and may give any necessary directions for his conveyance to his destination.

(2) Where a patient liable to be detained by virtue of a hospital order and subject to an order restricting his discharge is removed under this section, then—

(a) if in pursuance of the arrangements he is received into

a mental hospital, he shall be treated as if he were subject to a judicial order made under Part II of the said Act of 1948 on the date of his reception and continued under section fourteen of that Act on any occasion on which it would otherwise have expired during the continuance of the order restricting his discharge;

(b) if in pursuance of the arrangements he is received into

an institution within the meaning of that Act, he shall be treated as if he were subject to a judicial order made under Part III of the said Act on the date of his reception and continued under section thirty-nine of that Act on any occasion on which it would otherwise have expired during the continuance of the order restricting his discharge, and section thirty-four of that Act (which provides for the revocation or variation of judicial orders) shall have effect accordingly; but in either case, unless the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland otherwise directs, any power to discharge the patient, to grant him leave of absence or to transfer him from die hospital or institution shall, during the continuance of the order restricting the discharge of the patient, be exercisable only with the consent of that Ministry.

2 E*

874

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part VI (3) Where a patient liable to be detained by virtue of a transfer direction and subject to a direction restricting his discharge is removed under this section, he shall, upon being received into such a hospital or institution as aforesaid in pursuance of the arrangements, be treated as if the sentence or order by virtue of which he was detained before the transfer direction was given had been imposed or made by a court in Northern Ireland, and as if—

(a) where the patient is received into such a mental hospital as aforesaid, he had been transferred to that hospital under section sixteen of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland) 1953;

(b) where he is received into such an institution as aforesaid, he had been transferred to that institution under section thirty-seven of the said Act of 1948.

(4) Where a patient who is liable to be detained by virtue of an order under section sixty-three of this Act, or under section three of the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926, or of a direction under section sixty-four of this Act is removed under this section, he shall, on his reception into a mental hospital or institution in pursuance of the arrangements, be treated as if he had been ordered by a court in Northern Ireland to be kept in safe custody during the pleasure of the Governor of Northern Ireland in pursuance of section seventeen of the Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1821, or of section two of the Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883, as the case may be, and as if—

(a) where he is received into a mental hospital, an order

had been made by or on behalf of the Governor of Northern Ireland for his safe custody in that hospital;

(b) where he is received into an institution within the mean-

ing of the said Act of 1948, he had been transferred to that institution under section thirty-seven of that Act.

(5) References in this section to the continuance of the order restricting the discharge of a patient are references to the time for which that order would have continued in force apart from removal of the patient under this section.

Removal (o Scotland of patients other than criminal patients.

79.—(1) If it appears to the Ministry of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland, in the case of a patient being—

(a) a certified patient within the meaning of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, or

(b) a person declared under Part III of that Act to be a person requiring special care (other than a person to whom section eighty of this Act applies),

that it is in the interests of the patient to remove him to Scotland, and that arrangements have been made for admitting him to a

1960 Mental Health (Scotland) Ch. 61

Act, 1960

hospital or for receiving him into guardianship there, the Ministry may authorise his removal to Scotland, and may give any necessary directions for his conveyance to his destination.

(2) Where a patient removed under this section is received into a hospital in pursuance of such arrangements as aforesaid, this Act shall apply <to him as if he had been admitted to the hospital in pursuance of an application for admission and had been so admitted on the date on which he is so received.

(3) Where a patient so removed is received into guardianship in pursuance of such arrangements as aforesaid, this Act shall apply to him as if he had been received into guardianship in pursuance of a guardianship application forwarded on the date on which he arrived at the place where he is to reside.

80.—(1) If it appears to the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland, in the case of a patient being a criminal lunatic within the meaning of this section, that it is in the interests of the patient to remove him to Scotland, and that arrangements have been made for admitting him to a hospital there, the Ministry may authorise his removal to Scotland, and may give any necessary directions for his conveyance to his destination.

(2) Where a patient removed under this section is received into a hospital in Scotland in pursuance of such arrangements as aforesaid, then—

(a) if the patient is a person ordered to be kept in custody

under section seventeen of the Lunacy (Ireland) Act. 1821, or under section two of the Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883, he shall, on his reception into the hospital in Scotland, be treated as if he had been removed to that hospital in pursuance of an order under section sixty-three of this Act;

(b) in any other case, the patient shall be treated, on his

reception into the hospital in Scotland, as if he had been removed to that hospital in pursuance of a transfer direction under Part V of this Act, and as if a direction restricting his discharge had been given under section sixty-seven of this Act;

and in any such case the patient shall be treated as it the sentence or order by virtue of which he was detained before being removed under this section had been imposed or made by a court in Scotland.

(3) In this section " criminal lunatic " means a criminal lunatic within the meaning of the Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1901, or a person detained in a mental hospital or institution within the

2 E* 2

875

Part VI

Removal to Scotland of criminal patients.

876

Part VI

Removal of certain patients from Channel Islands and Isle of Man to Scotland.

Removal of alien patients.

Patients absent from hospitals in Scotland.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (<8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

meaning of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, in pursuance of an order made by the Governor of Northern Ireland or the Minister of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland under section thirty-seven of that Act, or of directions given by the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland under section sixteen of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland), 1953.

Other provisions as to removal

81*—(1) The Secretary of State may by warrant direct that any offender found by a court in any of the. Channel Islands or in the Isle of Man to be insane or to have been insane at the time of the alleged offence, and ordered to be detained during Her Majesty's pleasure, be removed to a hospital in Scotland.

(2) A patient removed under this section shall, on his reception into the hospital in Scotland, be treated as if he had been removed to that hospital in pursuance of an order under section sixty-three of this Act.

(3) The Secretary of State may by warrant direct that any patient removed under this section from any of the Channel Islands or from the Isle of Man be returned to the Island from which he was so removed, there to be dealt with according to law in all respects as if he had not been removed under this section.

82. If it appears to the Secretary of State, in the case of any patient being an alien who is receiving treatment for mental illness as an in-patient in a hospital in Scotland, that proper arrangements have been made for the removal of that patient to a country or territory outside the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands and for his care or treatment there, and that it is in the interests of the patient to remove him, the Secretary of State may by warrant authorise the removal of the patient from the place where he is receiving treatment as aforesaid, and may give such directions as the Secretary of State thinks fit for the conveyance of the patient to his destination in that country or territory and for his detention in any place or on board any ship or aircraft until his arrival at any specified port or place in any such country or territory.

Return of patients absent without leave

83. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any person who, under section thirty-six or section one hundred and six of this Act or under the said section thirty-six as applied by section forty-two of this Act, may be taken into custody in Scotland may be taken into custody in, and returned to Scotland from, any other part of the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man.

1960 Mental Health ( Ch. 61

Act, 1960

(2) For the purposes of the enactments referred to in subsection (1) of this section, in their application by virtue of this section to England and Wales, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, the expression " constable " includes an English constable, an officer or constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary, a member of the police in Jersey, an officer of police within the meaning of section forty4hree of the Larceny (Guernsey) Law, 1958, or any corresponding law for the time being in force, or a constable in the Isle of Man, as the case may be.

(3) For the purposes of the said enactments in their application by virtue of this section to England and Wales or Northern Ireland, any reference to a mental health officer shall be construed as including a reference—

(a) in England and Wales, to any mental welfare officer

within the meaning of the Mental Health Act, 1959,

(b) in Northern Ireland, to any person (other than a con-

stable) who, under section sixty-three of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, would be authorised to retake a patient absent without leave from a hospital to which that section applies.

(4) This section shall not apply to any person who is subject to guardianship.

84.—(1) Any person who, under section sixty-three of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland), 1948 (which provides for the retaking of patients absent without leave), is liable to be retaken in Northern Ireland may, within the period within which he might be so retaken, be taken into custody in Scotland by a mental health officer, by any constable or by any person for the time being authorised by or by virtue of that section to retake him, and may be returned by any person so authorised to any hospital, institution or place to which he could lawfully be returned if retaken under that enactment

(2) Any person, being a criminal lunatic within the meaning of section eighty of this Act who is unlawfully at large in Scotland may be taken into custody there by a mental health officer, by any constable or by any person authorised by subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland) 1953, to arrest him without warrant and may be returned by any person so authorised to the place in which he is required by the law in force in Northern Ireland to be detained.

Supplemental

85. Section fifty-two of this Act shall have effect as if references therein to Part IV of this Act included references to this Part of this Act and to Part VI of the Mental Health Act, 1959, so far as the said Parts apply to patients removed to Scotland thereunder.

877

Part VI

Patients absent from Northern Irish

institutions.

Regulations for purposes of Part VI.

878

Ch. 61

Mental Health ( )

ActyI960

8 &9 Eliz. 2

Part VI

General provisions as to patients removed from Scotland.

Intimation of removal of patients to Scotland.

Interpretation of Part VI.

86. —(1) Where a patient liable to be detained or subject to guardianship by virtue of an application, order or direction under Part IV or Part V of this Act is removed from Scodand in pursuance of arrangements under this Part of this Act, the application, order or direction shall cease to have effect when he is duly received into a hospital or other institution, or placed under guardianship, in pursuance of those arrangements.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, where he authorises the removal from Scodand of a patient under any of the provisions of this Part of this Act, to send notification of that authorisation to the Mental Welfare Commission and to the nearest relative of the patient not less than seven days before the date of the removal of the patient.

87. —(1) Where a patient is admitted to a hospital in Scotland or received into guardianship there in pursuance of arrangements under this Part of this Act, or under Part VI of the Mental Health Act, 1959, the responsible medical officer shall, within twenty-dight days of such admission or reception as aforesaid, furnish to the board of management of the hospital, or, as the case may be, to the local health authority concerned, a report in the prescribed form stating the form of mental disorder, being mental illness or mental deficiency or both, from which, in the opinion of the responsible medical officer, the patient is suffering; and for the purposes of this Act the reason for his admission or reception as aforesaid, and for his being liable to detention or subject to guardianship, shall be that he is suffering from the form or forms of mental disorder so stated.

(2) Where a patient has been admitted to a hospital or received into guardianship as aforesaid, it shall be the duty of the board of management of the hospital or the local health authority concerned, as the case may be, to send notification to the Mental Welfare Commission of that admission or reception together with a copy of the report relating to the patient, made in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection, within seven days of the receipt by them of that report.

88. —(1) Where a patient is treated by virtue of this Part of this Act as if he had been removed to a hospital in Scotland in pursuance of a direction under Part V of this Act, that direction shall be deemed to have been given on the date of his reception into the hospital.

(2) In relation to a patient who has been received into guardianship in Scotland in pursuance of arrangements under this Part of this Act or under Part VI of the Mental Health Act, 1959, any reference in this Act to the local health authority concerned shall be construed as a reference to the local health authority for the place where he was received into guardianship as aforesaid.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

879

Part VII State Hospitals

89. —(1) The Secretary of State shall provide such hospitals as Provision of

appear to him to be necessary for persons subject to detention for

under this Act who require treatment under conditions of special {^umng security on account of their dangerous, violent or criminal special propensities. security.

(2) Any hospital provided by the Secretary of State under subsection (1) of section sixty-three of the Criminal Justice (Scotland)

Act, 1949, or any institution provided under section twenty-eight of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, shall be deemed to be hospitals provided by the Secretary erf State under this section.

(3) Hospitals provided, or deemed to be provided, by the Secretary of State under this section are in this Act referred to as " State hospitals ".

90. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Administrative the State hospitals shall be under the control and management of provisions, the Secretary of State, and the provisions of Part II of the

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, relating to the local administration of hospital and specialist services shall not apply to those hospitals.

(2) The Secretary of State may by order constitute one or more committees to manage on his behalf, and subject to such directions as he may give, one or more State hospitals.

(3) The Secretary of State may, in respect of any such committee as aforesaid, provide by regulations for—

(a) the appointment, tenure and vacation of office of mem-

bers of the committee;

(b) the procedure of the committee;

(c) the appointment, remuneration and conditions of ser-

vice of staff employed at any hospital in respect of

which the committee has been appointed; and

() any other matters which the Secretary of State may think

necessary.

(4) The Secretary of State may pay to the members of any such committee such remuneration and allowances as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine and may defray the expenses of that committee to such amount as he may, with the like approval, determine.

(5) Subsection (1) of section fifty-seven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which enables the Secretary of State to acquire land for the purposes of that Act) shall have effect as if the reference to the purposes of that Act included a reference to the purposes of this Part of this Act and as if the reference to any hospital vested in the Secretary of State included a reference to any State hospital.

880 Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

, 1960

Part VIII

Protection of Property of Patients

Duties of 91.—(1) Where a local health authority is satisfied that any

1<X*J person in their area is incapable, by reason of mental disorder, of

relation to adequately managing and administering his property and affairs,

property. that a curator bonis ought to be appointed in respect of that person, and that no arrangements have been made or are being made in that behalf, it shall be the duty of the authority to petition the court for such appointment as aforesaid; and, where that person is a patient in a hospital or has been placed under guardianship, it shall be the duty of the authority, on the grant of any such petition, so to inform the board of management or, as the case may be, the guardian within twenty-eight days therefrom.

(2) In relation to persons suffering from mental disorder, section forty-eight of the National Assistance Act, 1948 (which imposes a duty on certain local authorities to provide protection for property of -persons admitted to hospitals, etc.) shall have effect as if—

(a) in subsection (1) the reference to a person admitted as a

patient to hospital included a reference to a person admitted to a private hospital within the meaning of this Act or subject to guardianship thereunder;

(b) the reference in that subsection to accommodation pro-

vided under Part III of -that Act included a reference to accommodation provided under Part III of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, and to any residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of this Act; and

(c) references to moveable property in subsections (1) and

(2) included a reference to heritable property.

Powers of board of management in relation to property of patients.

92.—(1) The board of management of any hospital may receive and hold money and valuables on behalf of any person who is liable to be detained in that hospital under this Act or who is receiving treatment for mental disorder as a patient in that hospital, where the medical officer in charge of his treatment has stated that in his opinion that person is incapable, by reason of his mental disorder, of managing and administering his property and affairs; and a receipt or discharge given by the board for any such money or valuables as aforesaid shall be treated as a valid receipt or discharge given by that person.

(2) The board of management shall not, by virtue of the last foregoing subsection, receive or hold on behalf of any one person money or valuables exceeding in the aggregate an amount of one hundred pounds without the consent of the Mental Welfare Commission.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

881

(3) Where a board of management holds money or valuables Part viii on behalf of a person in pursuance of subsection (1) of this

section, they may expend that money or dispose of those valuables for the benefit of that person and in the exercise of the powers conferred by this subsection it shall be the duty of a board of management to have regard to the sentimental value that any article may have for the patient, or would have but for his mental disorder.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection, where a board of management has received money on behalf of a person in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, being either—

(a) money becoming payable to that person during his life-

time under an insurance policy on his life, or

(b) money becoming payable to him as proposer under an

insurance policy following the death of the person insured,

the board may arrange for part or all of the money to be used to refund premiums paid on the policy by another person on behalf of the first-mentioned person, if they are satisfied that such other person is legally entitled to such refund.

(5) A board of management may in pursuance of their functions under this section make application for a special death certificate for the purposes of the First Schedule to the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act, 1948.

(6) A board of management shall not act on behalf of any person in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section where a curator bonis, tutor, judicial factor, committee, receiver or any person having the powers of a receiver or guardian has been appointed for that person under the law in force in Scotland, England and Wales or Northern Ireland, as the case may be; and where such an appointment as aforesaid has been made the board of management shall account for any intromission under this section to any such curator bonis, tutor, judicial factor, committee, receiver or any person having the powers of a receiver or guardian as aforesaid.

93.—(1) Where a curator bonis, tutor or judicial factor has Reciprocal been appointed under the law in force in Scotland for any person arrangements suffering from mental disorder, the provisions of that law Northcm*10 shall apply in relation to the property and affairs of that person inland as to in Northern Ireland unless a committee, receiver or guardian exercise of has been appointed for him in Northern Ireland. powers.

(2) Where a committee, receiver or guardian has been appointed under the law in force in Northern Ireland for a person suffering from mental disorder, the provisions of that law shall

882 Part VIII

False

statements.

Ill-treatment of patients.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

apply in relation to the property and affairs of that person in Scotland unless a curator bonis, tutor or judicial factor has been appointed for him in Scotland.

(3) In this section references to property do not include references to land or interests in land:

Provided that this subsection shall not prevent the receipt of rent or other income arising from land or interests in land.

(4) Subsections (2) and (3) of section one hundred and thirty-one of the Lunacy Act, 1890, shall cease to have effect.

Part IX

Miscellaneous and General Offences

94. —(1) Any person who makes any statement or entry which is false in a material particular in any application, recommendation, report, record or other document required or authorised to be made for any of the purposes of this Act or, with intent to deceive, makes use of any such entry or statement which he knows to be false, shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such fine and imprisonment; or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such fine and imprisonment.

95. —(1) It shall be an offence for any person being an officer on the staff of or otherwise employed in a hospital or nursing home, or being a member of the board of management of a hospital or a person carrying on a nursing home—

(a) to ill-treat or wilfully neglect a patient for the time

being receiving treatment for mental disorder as an in-patient in that hospital or nursing home; or

(b) to ill-treat or wilfully neglect, on the premises of which

the hospital or nursing home forms part, a patient for the time being receiving such treatment there as an out-patient

(2) It shall be an offence for any individual to ill-treat or wilfully neglect a patient who is for the time being subject to his guardianship under this Act or otherwise in his custody or care.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

883

(3) Any person guilty of an offence against this section shall Part IX be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such fine and imprisonment;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such fine and imprisonment.

96.—(1) It shall be an offence, subject to the exception men- Protection tioned in this section,— defectives

(a) for a man to have unlawful sexual intercourse with a

woman who is a defective;

(b) for any person to procure or encourage any woman who is a defective to have unlawful sexual intercourse;

(c) for the owner or occupier of any premises or any person

having or assisting in the management or control of premises to induce any woman who is a defective to resort to or be upon such premises for the purpose of unlawful sexual intercourse with any man.

(2) A person shall not be guilty of an offence against this section if he did not know and had no reason to suspect that the woman in respect of whom he is charged was a defective.

(3) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years.

(4) Section ten of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885 (which relates to warrants to search where there is reasonable cause to suspect that a woman or girl is being unlawfully detained for immoral purposes) shall apply in the case of a woman who is a defective in the same manner as that section applies in the case of a girl who is under the age of sixteen years.

(5) Section four of the Criminal Evidence Act, 1898 (which relates to the calling of a spouse as witness in certain cases) shall have effect as if this section of this Act were included in the Schedule to that Act.

(6) If on the trial of an indictment for rape the jury are satisfied that the accused is guilty of an offence against paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, but are not satisfied that he is guilty of rape, the jury may acquit him of rape and find him guilty of such offence as aforesaid, and in that event he shall be liable to be punished as if he had been convicted on an indictment for such offence as aforesaid.

884

Ch. 61

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Part IX (7) In this section " defective " means a person suffering from mental deficiency which is of such a nature or degree that the person is incapable of living an independent life or of guarding herself against serious exploitation, and " woman " includes giri.

Protection 97.—O) Without prejudice to the last foregoing section, it

of female shall be an offence, subject to the exception mentioned in this patients. section.—

(a) for a man who is an officer on the staff or is otherwise

employed in a hospital or nursing home, or who is a member of the board of management of a hospital or who is a person carrying on a nursing home to have unlawful sexual intercourse with a woman who is for the time being receiving treatment for mental disorder as an in-patient in that hospital or nursing home, or to have such intercourse on the premises of which the hospital or nursing home forms part with a woman who is for the time being receiving such treatment there as an out-patient;

(b) for a man to have unlawful sexual intercourse with a

woman suffering from mental disorder who is subject to his guardianship under this Act or is otherwise in his custody or care under this Act or in pursuance of arrangements under the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, or Part III of the National Assistance Act, 1948, or as a resident in a residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of Part III of this Act.

(2) It shall not be an offence under this section for a man to have sexual intercourse with a woman if he does not know and has no reason to suspect her to be a person suffering from mental disorder.

(3) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years.

Assisting patients to absent themselves without leave, etc

98.—(1) Any person who induces or knowingly assists any other person—

(a) being liable to be detained in a hospital or being

subject to guardianship under this Act, to absent himself without leave; or

(b) being in legal custody by virtue of section one hundred

and three of this Act, to escape from such custody,

shall be guilty of an offence.

1960

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

Cm. 61

885

(2) Any person who knowingly harbours a patient who is part EX absent without leave or is otherwise at large and liable to be retaken under this Act, or gives him any assistance with intent

to prevent, hinder or interfere with his being taken into custody or returned to the hospital or other place where he ought to be, shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) Any person guilty of an offence against this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such fine and imprisonment;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such fine and imprisonment

99.—(1) Any person who refuses to allow the inspection of Obstruction, any premises, or without reasonable cause refuses to allow the visiting, interviewing or examination of any person, by a person authorised in that behalf by or under this Act or to produce for the inspection of any person so authorised any document or record the production of which is duly required by him, or otherwise obstructs any such person in the exercise of his functions, shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection, any person who insists on being present when requested to withdraw by a person authorised as aforesaid to interview or examine a person in private, shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) Any person guilty of an offence against this section shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such fine and imprisonment.

Miscellaneous provisions

100. In any arrangements that may be made for the detention Religious of a patient or his reception into guardianship in pursuance of persuasion this Act, regard shall be had to the religious persuasion to which of patients the patient belongs or appears to belong.

101. —(1) The Secretary of State may pay to persons who are Provision of receiving treatment as in-patients (whether liable to be detained pocket money or not) in any hospital, other than a private hospital, being a for in-pa^»t* hospital wholly or mainly used for the treatment of persons m hhospital suffering from mental disorder, such amounts as he thinks fit

886

Part IX

Correspondence of patients not subject to detention.

Entry on premises and warrant to search for and remove patients.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

in respect of their occasional personal expenses where it appears to him that they would otherwise be without resources to meet those expenses.

(2) For the purposes of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, the making of payments under this section to persons for whom hospital and specialist services are provided under Part II of that Act shall be treated as included among those services.

102. —(1) Section thirty-four of this Act shall apply in relation to any patient who is receiving treatment for mental disorder in a hospital, having been admitted for that purpose but not being liable to be detained therein, as it applies in relation to a patient detained in a hospital under Part IV of this Act

(2) In relation to any patient to whom it applies by virtue of this section, the said section thirty-four shall have effect as if for any reference to the responsible medical officer there were substituted a reference to the medical practitioner in charge of the treatment of the patient.

103. —(1) Where a mental health officer or a medical commissioner has reasonable cause to believe that a person suffering from mental disorder—

(a) has been or is being ill-treated, neglected or kept other-

wise than under control, in any place; or

(b) being unable to care for himself, is living alone or

uncared for in any place,

he may, on production of some duly authenticated document showing that he is so authorised, demand admission at all reasonable times and, if admission is not refused, may enter and inspect that place.

(2) If it appears to a justice of the peace, on sworn information in writing by such officer or commissioner as aforesaid, that admission when demanded in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection has been refused or that a refusal of such admission is apprehended, he may issue a warrant authorising any constable named therein to enter, if need be by force, any premises specified in the warrant, and to remove, if it appears proper so to do, any person suffering from mental disorder to whom the last foregoing subsection applies to a place of safety with a view to the making of an application or emergency recommendation in respect of him under Part IV of this Act, or of other arrangements for his treatment or care.

(3) If it appears to a justice of the peace, on sworn information in writing by any constable or other person who is authorised by or under this Act or under section ninety-three of the Mental Health Act, 1959, to take a patient to any place, or to

1960

Mental Health 0 )

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

887

take into custody or retake a patient who is liable to be so taken or retaken—

(a) that there is reasonable cause to believe that that patient is to be found on any premises; and

(b) that admission to the premises has been refused or that a refusal of such admission is apprehended,

the justice may issue a warrant authorising any constable named therein to enter the premises, if need be by force, and to remove the patient.

(4) A patient who is removed to a place of safety in the execution of a warrant issued under this section may be detained there for a period not exceeding seventy-two hours.

(5) In the execution of a warrant issued under subsection (2) of this section, the constable to whom it is addressed shall be accompanied by a medical practitioner, and in the execution of a warrant issued under subsection (3) of this section the constable to whom it is addressed may be accompanied—

(a) by a medical practitioner;

(b) by any person authorised by or under this Act or section

ninety-three of the Mental Health Act, 1959, to take or retake the patient.

(6) It shall not be necessary in any information or warrant under subsection (2) of this section to name the person concerned.

(7) In this section—

(a) any reference to a justice of the peace includes a refer-

ence to the sheriff and to a magistrate; and

(b) " place of safety " means a hospital as defined by this

Act, or residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder or any other suitable place the occupier of which is willing temporarily to receive the patient; but shall not include a police station unless by reason of emergency there is no place as aforesaid available for receiving the patient.

104.—(1) If a constable finds in a place to which the public have access a person who appears to him to be suffering from mental disorder and to be in immediate need of care or control, the constable may, if he thinks it necessary to do so in the interests of that person or for the protection of other persons, remove that person to a place of safety within the meaning of the last foregoing section.

(2) A person removed to a place of safety under this section may be detained there for a period not exceeding seventy-two hours for the purpose of enabling him to be examined by a medical practitioner and of making any necessary arrangements for his treatment or care.

Part IX

Mentally disordered persons found in public places.

888

Part IX

Provisions as to custody, conveyance and detention.

Retaking of patients escaping from custody.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

(3) Where a patient is removed as aforesaid, it shall, where practicable, be the duty of the constable who has so removed him without delay to inform some responsible person residing with the patient and the nearest relative of the patient of that removal.

Supplemental

105. —(1) Any person required or authorised by or by virtue of this Act to be conveyed to any place or to be kept in custody or detained in a place of safety or at any place to which he is taken under subsection (5) of section sixty-one of this Act shall, while being so conveyed, detained or kept, as the case may be, be deemed to be in legal custody.

(2) A constable or any other person required or authorised by or by virtue of this Act to take any person into custody, or to convey or detain any person shall, for the purposes of taking him into custody or conveying or detaining him, have all the powers, authorities, protection and privileges which a constable has within the area for which he acts as constable.

(3) In this section "convey" includes any other expression denoting removal from one place to another.

106. —(1) If any person being in legal custody by virtue of the last foregoing section escapes, he may, subject to the provisions of this section, be retaken—

(a) in any case, by the person who had his custody immedi-

ately before the escape, or by any constable or mental health officer;

(b) if at the time of the escape he was liable to be detained

in a hospital, or subject to guardianship under this Act, by any other person who could take him into custody under section thirty-six of this Act if he had absented himself without leave.

(2) A person who escapes as aforesaid when liable to be detained or subject to guardianship as mentioned in paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection (not being a person subject to an order under Part V of this Act restricting his discharge or an order or direction having the like effect as such an order) shall not be retaken under this section after the expiration of the period within which he could be retaken under section thirty-six of this Act if he had absented himself without leave on the day of the escape; and subsection (3) of the said section thirty-six shall apply, with the necessary modifications, accordingly.

(3) A person who escapes while being taken to or detained in a place of safety under section one hundred and three or one hundred and four of this Act shall not be retaken under this section after the expiration of the period of seventy-two hours beginning with the time when he escapes or the period during which he is liable to be so detained, whichever expires first

1960 Mental Health (Scotland) Ch. 61

Act, 1960

(4) This section, so far as it relates to the escape of a person liable to be detained in a hospital, shall apply in relation to a person who escapes—

(a) while being taken to a hospital in pursuance of an

application for admission approved by the sheriff;

(b) while being taken to or from a hospital in pursuance

of section thirty-seven of this Act, or of any order, direction or authorisation under Parts V and VI of this Act; or

(c) while being taken to or detained in a place of safety in

pursuance of an order under Part V of this Act pending his admission to a hospital,

as if he were liable to be detained in that hospital and, if he had not previously been received therein, as if he had been so received.

(5) In computing for the purposes of sections twenty-nine, fifty-eight and fifty-nine of this Act the periods therein mentioned relating to the removal, admission or reception of patients, no account shall be taken of any time during which the patient is at large and liable to be retaken by virtue of this section.

(6) Section forty-one of this Act shall, with any necessary modifications, apply in relation to a patient who is at large and liable to be retaken by virtue of this section as it applies in relation to a patient who is absent without leave within the meaning of section thirty-six of this Act, and references therein to the said section thirty-six shall be construed accordingly.

107. —(1) No person shall be liable, whether on the ground of want of jurisdiction or on any other ground, to any civil or criminal proceedings to which he would have been liable apart from this section in respect of any act purporting to be done in pursuance of this Act or any regulations thereunder, unless the act was done in bad faith or without reasonable care.

(2) Outwith Scotland section one hundred and forty-one of the Mental Health Act, 1959 (which relates to protection for acts done in pursuance of that Act) shall apply in respect of any act purporting to be done in pursuance of this Act or any regulations thereunder as it applies in relation to an act purporting to be done in pursuance of that Act or any regulations or rules thereunder.

108. The Secretary of State may cause an inquiry to be held in any case where he thinks it advisable to do so in connection with any matter arising under this Act, and subsections (2) to (9) of section three hundred and fifty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which relates to the holding of local inquiries) shall apply to any inquiry held under this Act.

889

Part IX

Protection for acts done in pursuance of this Act.

Inquiries.

890

Part IX Expenses.

General provisions as to regulations and orders.

Interpretation.

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

109. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any expenses incurred by a Secretary of State under

this Act;

(b) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable

out of moneys provided by Parliament under any other enactment.

110. —(1) Any power of the Secretary of State to make regulations or orders under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(2) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made under this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

111. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say: —

" absent without leave " has the meaning assigned to it by section fifty-three of this Act;

"application for admission" and "guardianship application " have the meanings respectively assigned to them by sections twenty-four and twenty-five of this Act;

" board of management " means—

(a) in relation to a hospital vested in the Secretary of State under the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, the board of management of that hospital;

(b) in relation to a private hospital registered under Part III of this Act, the person or persons carrying on the hospital;

(c) in relation to a State hospital, the Secretary of State, or, if the Secretary of State has appointed a committee to manage that hospital, that committee;

" direction restricting discharge " has the meaning assigned to it by section sixty-seven of this Act;

" hospital " means—

(a) any hospital vested in the Secretary of State under the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947;

(b) any private hospital registered under Part III of this Act; and

(c) any State hospital;

" hospital order " and " guardianship order " have the meanings respectively assigned to them by section fifty-five of this Act;

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

891

" local health authority " has the same meaning as in the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, and includes a joint committee or board constituted under section twenty of that Act;

" medical practitioner " means a registered medical practitioner within the meaning of the Medical Act, 1956; "medical treatment*' includes nursing, and also includes care and training under medical supervision;

" mental health officer " means an officer of a local health authority appointed to act as mental health officer for the purposes of this Act;

" nearest relative ", in relation to a patient, has the meaning assigned to it in Part IV of this Act;

* order restricting discharge " has the meaning assigned to it by section sixty of this Act;

" patient " (except in Part VIII of this Act) means a person suffering or appearing to be suffering from mental disorder;

" private hospital " has the meaning assigned to it in Part III of this Act;

" residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder " has the meaning assigned to it in Part III of this Act;

" responsible medical officer " has the meaning assigned to it by section fifty-three of this Act;

" State hospital " has the meaning assigned to it in Part VII of this Act;

"transfer direction" has the meaning assigned to it by section sixty-six of this Act;

" transfer order " has the meaning assigned to it by section sixty-five of this Act.

(2) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as extended or applied by or under any other enactment, including this Act

(3) Without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, any reference in this Act to an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, or to an enactment which that Parliament has power to amend, shall be construed, in relation to Northern Ireland, as a reference to that enactment as amended by any Act of that Parliament, whether passed before or after this Act

(4) In relation to a person who is liable to be detained or subject to guardianship by virtue of an order or direction undo1 Part V of this Act, any reference in this Act to any enactment contained in Part IV of this Act shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as it applies to that person by virtue of the said Part V.

Part IX

892

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Elk. 2

Part IX

Transitional

provisions.

Minor and consequential amendments and repeals.

Application to England and Wales.

Power of Parliament of Northern Ireland to make consequential amendments of this Act.

112. The transitional provisions set out in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the transition to the provisions of this Act from the law in force before the commencement of this Act

113. —(1) The enactments described in the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments therein specified, being minor amendments and amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act.

(2) The enactments described in the Fifth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) The repeal by this Act of the provisions of the Lunacy Board (Scotland) Salaries and Clerks Act, 1900, and of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, relating to the superannuation of officers or employees shall not affect any arrangements for the payment of allowances or other benefits made in accordance with those provisions and in force at the commencement of this Act.

114. The following provisions of this Act shall extend to England and Wales, that is to say—

subsection (6) of section two; section ten;

subsection (5) of section sixty-one; sections seventy-three and seventy-four; section seventy-five;

section eighty-three and, so far as applied by that section, sections thirty-six, forty-two and one hundred and six; section ninety-eight, except so far as it relates to patients subject to guardianship; section one hundred and five; subsection (2) of section one hundred and seven; section one hundred and thirteen; the Fourth Schedule; the Fifth Schedule; but except as aforesaid, and except so far as it relates to the interpretation or commencement of the said provisions, this Act shall not extend to England and Wales.

115. Notwithstanding any limitation imposed on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland by the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, that Parliament may, by any Act re-enacting (with or without modifications) or amending the law in force in Northern Ireland with respect to persons suffering from mental disorder, make such amendments of the provisions of this Act which extend to Northern Ireland (except section ninety-three) as may be necessary for the purpose of bringing the said provisions into conformity with the provisions of that Act.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

893

116. The following provisions of this Act shall extend to Part IX

• 1 iiwuuiu*

sections seventy-seven to eighty;

section eighty-three and. so far as applied by that section, sections thirty-six, forty-two and one hundred and six; section eighty-four; section ninety-three;

section ninety-eight, except so far as it relates to patients subject to guardianship; section one hundred and five; subsection (2) of section one hundred and seven; section one hundred and thirteen; section one hundred and fifteen; the Fourth Schedule; the Fifth Schedule; but except as aforesaid, and except so far as it relates to the interpretation or commencement of the said provisions, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

117. —(1) This Act (except this section) shall come into opera- commence-tion on such date as the Secretary of State may by order appoint, meat

(2) Different dates may be appointed by order under this section for different purposes of this Act; and any reference in any provision of this Act to the commencement of this Act shall, unless otherwise provided by any such order, be construed as a reference to the date on which that provision comes into operation.

(3) Without prejudice to section thirty-seven of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which authorises the exercise of statutory powers between the passing and the commencement of an Act conferring them), the following powers, that is to say—

(a) the power of the Secretary of State to give directions

under subsection (1) of section twenty-seven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, for defining the duties of local health authorities under that section as amended by this Act; and

(b) the powers of the Secretary of State and of local health

authorities with respect to the submission, approval or making of proposals under section twenty-one of the said Act of 1947 for modifying in the light of such directions the proposals in force at the passing of this Act for the carrying out of the duties of those authorities under the said section twenty-seven, may be exercised at any time after the passing of this Act.

118. This Act may be cited as the Mental Health (Scotland) Short title.

Northern Ireland, that is to say— subsection (6) of section two;

Application to Northern Ireland.

Act, 1960.

894

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section 11

Act, 1960

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Amendments to the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946

1. In section fifty-four, in subsection (1) for the words " incapable of receiving " there shall be substituted the words " unsuitable for n and the words from " or as to " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

2. —(1) In section fifty-six, for subsections (1) and (2) there shall be substituted the following subsections:—

" (1) If after considering in accordance with the provisions of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section the advice, reports and information with respect to any child who has attained the age of two years, the education authority decide that the child is suffering from a disability of mind of such a nature or to such an extent as to make him unsuitable for education or training in a special school, it shall be (subject to the next following subsection) the duty of the authority to issue to the local health authority a report of their decision, together with a copy of any document which was taken into account for the purposes of the decision.

(IA) Before issuing a report under this section with respect to any child, the education authority shall give to the parent of the child not less than twenty-one days notice in writing of their intention to do so, and if within that period the parent refers to the Secretary of State the question whether such a report should be issued the report shall not be issued except by his direction.

(IB) Any notice under subsection (1A) of this section shall contain a statement of the functions of the local health authority with respect to the making of arrangements for the treatment, care or training of the child in the event of the report being issued, and, if known to the education authority, a statement of the arrangements proposed to be made by the local health authority in the discharge of those functions.

(2) Where a report has been issued under subsection (1) of this section in respect of a child—

(a) the parent of the child may, at any time (but not earlier than twelve months after the date of the issue of the report nor more often than once in any subsequent period of twelve months) by notice in writing request the education authority to review the decision; and

(b) if at any time it appears to the local health authority, or to any authority or body responsible for the management of an institution in which the child is under care, that the decision ought to be reviewed, they shall give notice to that effect to the education authority,

and thereupon the education authority shall cause the child to be medically examined and the provisions of subsections

1960 Mental Health (Scotland) Ch. 61

Act, 1960

(2) and (3) of section fifty-four of this Act shall apply for the purpose of such examination in like manner as they apply for the purpose of the duty of the authority under subsection (1) of the said section.*'

(2) In subsection (3) of the said section fifty-six after the words M local health authority " there shall be inserted the words " or from the parent of the child ", for the words 44 capable of receiving ’* there shall be substituted the words 44 suitable for '*, and the words from 44 and that *' to44 other children *' and the words44 to the General Board of Control for Scotland *' shall be omitted.

3. In section fifty-seven, for subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

44 (1) Where the education authority decide that a child in attendance at a school in their area or under their management, or at a special school, is suffering from mental deficiency to such an extent that he may, on leaving school, benefit from services which the local health authority have power to provide, it shall be the duty of the education authority to issue to the parent of the child and to the local health authority, not earlier than six months before the child ceases to be of school age, a report of their decision together, in the latter case, with a copy of any document which was taken into account for the purposes of the decision."

4. In section one hundred and forty, in subsection (2), for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph: —

44 (a) any person who is receiving treatment for mental disorder as an in-patient in a hospital within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960.",

and paragraphs (6), (c), () and (e) shall be omitted.

895 1st Sch.

o

o

eg.

FT

Sections 58, 60 61, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 71.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Application of Part IV to Patients admitted to Hospital or Placed under Guardianship under Part V

Exceptions and Modifications

Section of Part IV and subject matter Hospital order without restriction order (s. 58) Transfer from prison without restriction (s. 66) Guardianship order or direction (ss. 58 and 71) Hospital order with restriction order (s. 60) Order as to person found insane and direction as to Queen’s pleasure prisoner (ss. 63 and 64) Transfer from prison with direction restricting discharge (ss. 65 and 67)

. 29 (Effect of applications) Subsection (1) shall be omitted; and in subsections (2) to (6), for references to an application for admission or a guardianship application there shall be substituted references to the order or direction under Part V of this Act by virtue of which the patient is liable to be detained or subject to guardianship, and any reference to an application being approved by the sheriff shall be omitted. Subsection (1) shall be omitted; in subsection (2), for the words * application under this Part " there shall be substituted the words "order or direction under Part V"; and subsections (3) to (6) are not applicable.

. 33 (Regulations as to guardianship) None Not applicable.

. 34 (Correspondence of patients) None Subsection (5) shall be omitted.

9

Os

. 35 (Leave of absence from hospital) ...

None

o

. 36 (Return and re-admission of patients absent without leave).

. 37 (Transfer of patients)

*tj . 38 (Transfer of guardianship in case of death, incapacity, etc. of guardian).

None

In subsection (3), for the words from " as follows " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " as if the order or direction under Part V of this Act by virtue of which he was liable to be detained or subject to guardianship before being transferred were an order or direction for his admission or removal to the hospital to which he is transferred, or placing him under the guardianship of the authority or person into whose guardianship he is transferred, as the case may be".

None

In subsection (1), after the word "may " there shall be inserted the words " with the consent of the Secretary of State in,subsection (2) the word "either", and the words from "or for any specified period " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted; and in subsection (5), after the words "responsible medical officer " and after the words " that officer " there shall in each case be inserted the words " or the Secretary of State".

Subsections (2) and (3) shall be omitted.

In subsection (1), after the word "may" there shall be inserted the words " with the

consent of the Secretary of State ", and sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (a) and paragraph (b) shall be omitted; and in subsection (3), for the words from " as follows " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " as if the order or direction under Part V of this Act by virtue of which he was liable to be detained before being transferred were an order or direction for his admission or removal to the hospital to which he is transferred ".

Not applicable.

00

VO

1960 Mental Health (Scotland) Ch. 61

Act, 1960

K>

D

eg;

n'

a

cr

o

o

o

Exceptions and Modifications

Section of Part IV and subject matter Hospital order without restriction order (s. 58) Transfer from prison without restriction (s. 66) Guardianship order or direction (ss. 58 and 71) Hospital order with restriction order (s. 60) Order as to person found insane and direction as to Queen's pleasure prisoner (ss. 63 and 64) Transfer from prison with direction restricting discharge (ss. 65 and 67)

. 39 (Duration of authority) In subsection (1), for the words from " day on which he was so " to " as the case may be " there shall be substituted the words *' date of the relevant order or direction under Part V of this Act ", The section shall not apply.

. 41 (Special provisions as to patients absent without leave). In subsection (2), the words " or subsection (1) of section forty and in subsection (3), the words *or section forty ", shall be omitted. The section shall not apply.

. 42 (Special provisions as to patients sentenced to imprisonment, etc.). None. The section shall not apply. 1

9

00

Rp

VO

to

. 43 (Discharge of patients)

In subsection (3), the words * forty or forty-four " shall be omitted; and in subsection (4), the words " by the nearest relative of the patient or* shall be omitted, and for references to an application for admission or a guardianship application there shall be substituted references to the order or direction under Part V of this Act by virtue of which the patient is liable to be detained or subject to guardianship.

o

o

. 45 (Definition of relative and nearest relative).

. 46 (Children and young persons in care of local authority).

. 47 (Nearest relative of child under guardianship, etc.).

. 48 (Appointment by sheriff of acting nearest relative).

. 49 (Discharge and variation of orders under s. 48).

K»

None

None

None

None

In subsection (4), in paragraph (a), for the words " in pursuance * to " Part * there shall be substituted the words " or subject to guardianship in pursuance of an order or direction under Part V*, and the words from " or becomes * to " that j date ", and paragraph (6), shall be i omitted.

The section shall not apply.

None.

None.

Subsection (3) shall be omitted.

None.

In subsection (4), in paragraph (a), for the words " in pursuance " to " Part * there shall be substituted the words " or subject to guardianship in pursuance of an order or direction under Part V*, and the words from " or becomes ’* to " that date ", and paragraph (b), shall be omitted.

I960 Mental Health ( Ch. 61

Act, 1960

Exceptions and Modifications

Section of Part IV and subject matter Hospital order without restriction order (s. 58) Transfer from prison without restriction (s. 66) Guardianship order or direction (ss. 58 and 71) Hospital order with restriction order (s. 60) Order as to person found insane and direction as to Queen’s pleasure prisoner (ss. 63 and 64) Transfer from prison with direction restricting discharge (ss. 65 and 67)

. 51 (Appeals to the sheriff) In subsection (1), the words " section forty, or section forty-four" and the words from " whether " to " both " shall be omitted. Not applicable.

. 52 (Regulations for purposes of Part IV) None None.

. 53 (Interpretation of Part IV) In subsection (2), for paragraphs (a) and ( ) there shall be substituted the words " to the local health authority to whose guardianship he is subject or who approved his guardian." Subsection (2) shall be omitted.

Ch. 61 Mental Health ( 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

1960 Mental Health ( Ch. 61

Act, 1960

THIRD SCHEDULE Transitional Provisions

Part I

Provisions relating to Part n

1. Without prejudice to the power of the Secretary of State to give directions under subsection (1) of section twenty-seven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, for defining the extent of the duties of local health authorities under that section, and subject to any such directions as aforesaid, every local health authority shall, subject to any necessary modifications, continue to take such action in respect of persons of unsound mind and mental defectives and provide such services for or for the benefit of such persons as they were required to take or provide under any enactment repealed by this Act, and any proposals in force immediately before die commencement of this Act under section twenty-one of the 1947 Act, with regard to the duties of local health authorities in respect of persons of unsound mind or mental defectives or the provision of services for them or for their benefit, shall continue in force until modified by further proposals under the said section twenty-one.

2. Anything done before the commencement of this Act under any enactment amended by section eleven of, and the First Schedule to, this Act shall have effect as if done under that Act as so amended.

Part II

Provisions relating to Part Hi

3.—(1) Until the expiration of the period of six months beginning with the commencement of this Act or until registration is effected under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, whichever first occurs—

(a) any private asylum which, immediately before the commence-

ment of the Act, was the subject of a licence granted and in force under section twenty-seven of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857; and

(b) any institution which, immediately before the commencement

of the Act, was the subject of a certificate granted and in force under section twenty-nine of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913,

shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as if they were private hospitals registered under Part III thereof.

(2) Before the expiration of the period of six months the Secretary of State shall, without an application being made in that behalf, register any private asylum or institution as aforesaid as a private hospital under the said Part III and shall issue to the person carrying on the hospital a certificate of registration, specifying as the maximum number of persons who may receive care or treatment at any one time in the hospital the number permitted to be received there immediately before the commencement of this Act.

Section 112.

902

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

3rd Sch.

Part in

Provisions relating to Parts IV and V Patients other than transferred patients

4. —(1) This paragraph applies to patients who immediately before the commencement of this Act were patients of any of the following classes, that is to say—

(a) patients liable to be detained in a hospital under an ordei

under section fourteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862, or treated as so liable to be detained by virtue of any other enactment except paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section eighty-three of the Mental Health Act, 1959;

(b) patients who have been received into a house under section thirteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866, or under an order under the said section fourteen;

(c) patients liable to be detained in an institution or subject to

guardianship in terms of section four or seven of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, or treated as so liable or so subject by virtue of any other enactment, except paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section eighty-three of the Mental Health Act, 1959, or patients, being patients whose sentence or other period of detention ordered by the court had expired before the commencement of this Act, liable to be so detained or subject to guardianship in terms of an order having the like effect as an order under the said section seven.

(2) A patient to whom this paragraph applies, other than a patient to whom head (b) of sub-paragraph (1) applies, shall, notwithstanding the repeal or exclusion by this Act of any enactment by virtue of which he was treated as liable to be so detained or subject to guardianship, continue to be liable to be detained in any hospital m which he might have been detained immediately before the commencement of this Act or, as the case may be, subject to guardianship until the expiration of the period of six months beginning with the commencement of this Act (hereinafter referred to as the initial period).

(3) A patient to whom head (b) of sub-paragraph (1) applies shall, as from the commencement of this Act, until the expiration of the initial period, be regarded as subject to the guardianship of the person under whose care he resides.

(4) During the initial period the responsible medical officer shall record with respect to each such patient as aforesaid his opinion whether the patient is suffering from mental disorder, the foam of disorder, being mental illness or mental deficiency or both, and whether the mental disorder is of a nature or degree which warrants the detention of the patient in a hospital for medical treatment or his retention under guardianship.

5. —(1) Any patient who by virtue of the last foregoing paragraph is liable to be detained in a hospital or subject to guardianship during the initial period, shall, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, be treated during that period as if he had been admitted

1960

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

903

to the hospital in pursuance of an application under Part IV of this 3rd Sch* Act or had been received into guardianship in pursuance of a guardianship application thereunder.

(2) If the patient is also a patient to whom paragraph 14 of this Schedule applies, sections thirty-five and thirty-six of this Act shall apply to him subject to the modifications mentioned in that paragraph, and, if he is not, but no form or forms of mental disorder have been recorded in his case under the last foregoing paragraph, the said section thirty-six shall apply in relation to him as if for paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of subsection (3) of that section there were substituted the following paragraphs

" (a) in the case of a patient mentioned in head (c) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 of the Third Schedule to this Act, three months;

(6) in the case of any other patient to whom that paragraph applies, twenty-eight days.*

(3) Subsection (2) of section twenty-three and sections thirty-nine to forty-one of this Act shall not apply in relation to the patient except in so far as the provisions of the said section thirty-nine are applied by the following provisions of this part of this Schedule.

(4) If the patient was immediately before the commencement of this Act liable to be detained by virtue of an order under section ten (whether under that section as originally enacted or as amended) or by virtue of subsection (2) of section seventy-one of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, or of an order under paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty-three or under section twenty-four of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949, or subject to guardianship by virtue of an order under the said section ten, the power of discharging him under section forty-three of this Act shall not be exercisable by the nearest relative.

6. Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 9 of this Schedule, a patient to whom paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies shall, unless previously discharged, continue to be liable to be detained in a hospital or, as the case may be, subject to guardianship after the expiration of the initial period if it is recorded under sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 4 that in the opinion of the responsible medical officer he is suffering from mental disorder of a nature or degree which warrants his being so liable or so subject.

7. —(1) The period for which a patient may, by virtue of the last foregoing paragraph, be detained or kept under guardianship after the expiration of the initial period, without renewal of the authority for his detention or guardianship, shall be the remainder of his current period of treatment.

(2) Where the current period of treatment of a patient, who may be detained or kept as aforesaid, would continue after the expiration of the period of two years beginning with the commencement of this Act, the patient may, between the expiration of the period of two years and the expiration of the current period of treatment, appeal to the sheriff against his continued detention or guardianship.

904

Ch. 61

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Ellz. 2

3rd Sch. 8.—(1) Authority for the detention or guardianship of a patient to

whom paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies may, on the expiration of the relevant period, unless the patient has previously been discharged, be renewed for whichever of the following periods is applicable, that is to say—

(a) where the period for which he has, at the expiration of the

relevant period, already been detained or subject to guardianship on account of any description of mental disorder (whether before or after the appointed day) is not more than one year, a further period of one year;

(b) where the period for which he has already been so detained or subject is more than one year, a further period of two years.

(2) Subsections (3) to (7) of section thirty-nine and section fifty-one of this Act shall apply in relation to the renewal of authority for the detention or guardianship of a patient under this paragraph as they apply in relation to the renewal of authority for the detention or guardianship of the patient under subsection (2) of the said section thirty-nine.

(3) In this paragraph " the relevant period " means, in relation to a patient, the patient’s current period of treatment or, if that period expires during the initial period, the initial period or any period subsequent to the said periods for which authority for the detention or guardianship of the patient has previously been renewed under this paragraph.

9.—(1) Any patient who by virtue of paragraph 6 of this Schedule is liable to be detained in a hospital or subject to guardianship after the expiration of the initial period, shall, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, be treated as if he had been admitted to the hospital in pursuance of an application for admission under Part IV of this Act or had been received into guardianship in pursuance of a guardianship application thereunder and had been so admitted or received as a patient suffering from the form or forms of mental disorder recorded under sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 4 of this Schedule.

(2) Section thirty-nine of this Act shall not apply in relation to the patient, but the provisions of paragraph 8 of this Schedule shall apply instead.

(3) Subsection (2) of section twenty-three and section forty of this Act shall not apply, but any patient, not being a patient to whom sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 5 of this Schedule applies, in respect of whom the responsible medical officer has recorded that he is—

(a) suffering from mental illness which is a persistent disorder

manifested only by abnormally aggressive or seriously irresponsible conduct; or

(b) suffering from mental deficiency, but not incapable of living

an independent life or of guarding himself against serious exploitation,

shall cease to be liable to be detained or subject to guardianship on attaining the age of twenty-five years unless, in the case of a patient liable to be detained in a hospital, during the period of two months ending on the date when he attains that age, the responsible medical officer records his opinion that the patient is unfit for discharge.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

905

(4) In the case of patients in any of the classes mentioned in sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 5 of this Schedule, the power to order discharge under section forty-three of this Act shall not be exercisable by the nearest relative, but not more than once during each period of twelve months after the expiration of the initial period the nearest relative may appeal to the sheriff to discharge the patient.

(5) Subsections (2) and (3) of section fifty-one of this Act shall apply to an appeal under the last foregoing sub-paragraph in like manner as they apply to an appeal referred to in that section.

10. Any person who immediaitely before the commencement of this Act was the guardian of any such patient as is mentioned in head (c) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 of this Schedule, or was in charge of any such patient as is mentioned in head (b) of sub-paragraph (1) of the said paragraph shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have been named as the guardian of the patient in an application for his reception into guardianship under Part IV of this Act, approved by the sheriff.

Transferred patients

11. —(1) This paragraph applies to patients who immediately before the commencement of this Act were liable to be detained in a hospital or other place as patients of any of the following classes, that is to say—

(a) patients authorised to be detained under section nineteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862, or ordered to be detained at Her Majesty’s pleasure under section eighty-seven or eighty-eight of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857, or under section three of the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926;

(b) patients liable to be detained under an order under section fifteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862, or treated as so liable to be detained by virtue of any other enactment;

(c) patients liable to be detained by virtue of section four of

the Criminal Lunatics (Scotland) Act, 1935;

() patients liable to be detained by virtue of section four or

section six of the Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871, or treated as so liable by virtue of subsection (2) of section sixty-five of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949, or liable to be detained by virtue of section ten of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, as originally enacted or as amended, not being patients whose sentence or other period of detention ordered by the court had expired before the commencement of this Act;

(e) patients liable to be detained by virtue of subsection (3) of section sixty-four of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949;

(/) patients liable to be detained by virtue of section ten of the Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884;

(g) patients liable to be detained by virtue of subsection (1) of section eighty-three of the Mental Health Act, 1959;

(h) patients liable to be detained by virtue of section eighty-nine of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857;

2 F*

3rd Sch

906

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. and any patient to whom this paragraph applies is in this Part of this Schedule referred to as a transferred patient.

(2) A transferred patient who immediately before the commencement of this Act was liable to be detained in a hospital as being or having been required to be kept in custody during Her Majesty’s pleasure or until the directions of Her Majesty are known (including a patient of that or a similar description liable to be detained by virtue of section ten of the Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884, or of section nineteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862, but not including a patient transferred to Scotland from the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man) shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as if he were liable to be detained in a hospital in pursuance of an order under section sixty-three of this Act

(3) A transferred patient who immediately before the commencement of this Act was subject to a sentence of imprisonment within the meaning of section sixty-six of this Act (including a patient liable to be detained by virtue of section eighty-nine of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857, or of section ten of the Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884, who does not fall within the last foregoing sub-paragraph) shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as if he were liable to be detained in a hospital by virtue of a transfer direction under the said section sixty-six, and as if a direction restricting his discharge had been given under section sixty-seven of this Act.

(4) A transferred patient who immediately before the commencement of this Act was liable to be detained as aforesaid by virtue of section fifteen of the said Act of 1862, or treated as so liable, shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as if he were liable to be detained in a hospital by virtue of a hospital order under section fifty-five thereof, and as if an order restricting his discharge had been made without limit of time under section sixty thereof.

(5) Section eighty-one of this Act shall apply to a transferred patient who having been ordered by a court in any of the Channel Islands or in the Isle of Man to be detained during Her Majesty's pleasure was removed to, and was immediately before the commencement of this Act liable to be detained in, a hospital in Scotland as if he had been removed to such a hospital under that section.

(6) A transferred patient who immediately before the commencement of this Act was liable to be detained by virtue of subsection (1) of section eighty-three of the Mental Health Act, 1959, shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as if he had been removed to Scotland under section eighty-one of the Mental Health Act, 1959, as amended by section seventy-four of this Act, as a person subject

• to an order or direction restricting his discharge.

(7) Any person to whom this paragraph applies and who does not fall within any of the five last foregoing paragraphs shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as if he were liable to be detained in a hospital in pursuance of a transfer order given under section sixty-five thereof.

12.—-(1) References in the last foregoing paragraph to a patient who immediately before the appointed day was required to be kept

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

907

in custody during Her Majesty’s pleasure, or until the directions of Her Majesty are known, include references to such a patient conditionally liberated by the Secretary of State before the commencement of this Act under section two of the Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871, and—

(a) any such patient shall be treated as if he had been discharged

subject to conditions by the Secretary of State under section sixty-one of this Act; and

(b) any direction given before the commencement of this Act under the said section two to take any such patient into custody and convey him to a hospital shall be deemed to have been given under the said section sixty-one.

(2) Sections thirty-five and thirty-six of this Act, in their application to a transferred patient who is also a patient to whom paragraph 14 of this Schedule applies, shall have effect subject to the modifications mentioned in that paragraph.

13. Upon an order or a direction restricting the discharge of a transferred patient ceasing to have effect, the responsible medical officer shall record his opinion whether the patient is suffering from mental illness or mental deficiency or both, and references in this Act to the form or forms of mental disorder specified in the relevant application, order or direction shall be construed as including references to the form or forms of mental disorder so recorded.

Patients on leave or absent without leave

14. —(1) Sections thirty-five and thirty-six of this Act shall apply to a patient to whom paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies or to a transferred patient who in either case was immediately before the commencement of this Act absent on account of his removal or transfer to a licensed house or private dwelling under section sixteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862, as read with subsection (1) of section fifty-five of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, or absent on triad, probation or leave or in pursuance of a licence under any enactment repealed by this Act or of any rules or regulations thereunder, as if he had been granted leave of absence under the said section thirty-five for a period of six months as from the commencement of this Act.

(2) Section thirty-six of this Act shall, subject to the next following sub-paragraph, apply to a patient to whom the said paragraph 4 applies or to a transferred patient who in either case immediately before the commencement of this Act was absent otherwise than as mentioned in the foregoing sub-paragraph from the hospital or other place where he was required to be by virtue of any such enactment, rules or regulations, as if he had absented himself without leave or without permission from the hospital or other place as mentioned in subsection (1) of that section or, as the case may be, he were absent without his guardian's permission as mentioned in subsection (2) of that section.

(3) The period within which any patient to whom paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies may be retaken and returned under the said section thirty-six shall be whichever of the following periods is

2 F* 2

3rd Sch.

908

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

3rd Sch. applicable instead of that specified in subsection (3) of that section, that is to say—

(a) in die case of a patient mentioned in head (c) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 of this Schedule the period of three months beginning with the commencement of this

Act;

(b) in the case of any other patient to whom that paragraph applies, the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the commencement of this Act;

and a transferred patient may be retaken and returned under the said section thirty-six at any time.

Supplemental

15. Any opinion recorded by the responsible medical officer under this Part of this Schedule shall be recorded in such form as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State.

16. —(1) In this Part of this Schedule the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, mat is to say—

" current period of treatment " means—

(a) in relation to a patient such as is mentioned in head (b) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 of this Schedule or a patient who has been removed or transferred to a licensed house or private dwelling under section sixteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862, as read with subsection (1) of section fifty-five of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, the initial period; and

(b) in relation to any other patient the period for which he would have been liable to be detained or subject to guardianship by virtue of any enactment repealed or excluded by this Act, or any enactment repealed or replaced by any such enactment as aforesaid, being a period which began but has not expired before the commencement of this Act;

" initial period " has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph 4 of mis Schedule.

(2) In relation to a patient who by virtue of this Part of this Schedule is treated as if he had been received into guardianship in pursuance of a guardianship application under Part IV of this Act, any reference in this Act to the local health authority concerned shall be construed as a reference to the local authority who immediately before the commencement of this Act was the local authority responsible for making arrangements for the visitation of the patient or, where no local authority was so responsible, the local authority of the area in which the guardian or other person in whose care the patient had been placed resided immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(3) The sentence or other period of detention of a person who was liable to be detained or subject to guardianship immediately before the commencement of this Act by virtue of section eighty-

1960 Mental Health Ch. 61

Act, 1960

nine of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857, an order under section ten of the said Act of 1913, as originally enacted or as amended, section four or six of the said Act of 1871 or section four of the said Act of 1935, or treated as so liable or so subject by virtue of any other enactment, shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Schedule as expiring at the end of the period for which that person would have been liable to be detained in a prison or other institution if the order had not been made.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Minor and Consequential Amendments

The Land Tax Redemption Act, 1802 (42 Geo. 3. c. 116.

In section fourteen, as it applies to Scotland, for the words "lunatics or of idiots" and "lunatics, idiots", wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words "persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960".

The Admiralty (Signal Stations) Act, 1815 (55 Geo. 3. c. 128.

In section three, as it applies to Scotland, for the words " lunatics, idiots " there shall be substituted the words " persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960".

The Defence Act, 1842 (5 & 6 Vict. c. 94.

In sections ten and eighteen, as they apply to Scotland, for the words "lunatics, idiots" there shall be substituted the words " persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 "

The Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845 (8 & 9 Vict. c. 17.

In section eighty-two, for the words "be a lunatic or idiot, fatuous or furious person, such lunatic or idiot, fatuous or furious person" there shall be substituted the words "is suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, and is incapable by reason of his mental disorder of managing and administering his property and affairs, he ".

The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845 (8 & 9 Vict. c. 19.

In section seven, for the words " lunatics or idiots, fatuous or furious persons " and for the words " lunatics, idiots, fatuous and furious persons", wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words " persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960".

In section sixty-seven, for the words, "lunatic or idiot, fatuous

909 3rd Sen.

Section 113.

910

Ch. 61

Mental Health ( )

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. or furious person " there shall be substituted the words " person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960".

In section sixty-nine, for the word "lunacy" there shall be substituted the words "incapacity by reason of mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 ".

In section seventy, for the words " idiotcy, lunacy " there shall be substituted the words " incapacity by reason of mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960

The Judicial Factors 1849 (12 & 13 Vict c. 51.

In section one, for the words " insane person or idiot ", wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words "person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act I960".

In section seven, for the word "lunatic " there shall be substituted the words " person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960".

In section twenty-five, for the words " insane person or idiot ", wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words "person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960 ".

In section twenty-six, for the words " an insane person or idiot " there shall be substituted the words " a person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 ", and for the words " insane persons or idiots " there shall be substituted the words "persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960

In section thirty, for the words "insane person or idiot" there shall be substituted the words "person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960".

The Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland)

Act, 1854

(17 & 18 Vict c. 80.

In section seventy-six, in the definition of "occupier " the words " lunatic asylum " shall be omitted.

The Defence Act, 1860 (23 & 24 Vict. c. 112.

In section eleven, as it applies to Scotland, for the words "lunatics, idiots" there shall be substituted the words "persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960".

The Church of Scotland Courts , 1863 (26 & 27 Vict. c. 47.

In section two, for the word "insane " there shall be substituted the words "suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act. I960".

1960

Mental Health (

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

911

The Improvement of Land 1864 (27 & 28 Vict c. 114.

In section twenty-four, as it applies to Scotland, for the words " lunatics, idiots, and furious and fatuous persons " there shall be substituted the words " persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act I960

In section sixty-eight, as it applies to Scotland, for the words "lunatic, idiot or furious or fatuous person*, there shall be substituted the words " or person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960,*.

The Titles to Land Consolidation ( ) Act, 1868

(31 & 32 Vict. c. 101.

In section twenty-four, for the word "lunatic *, wherever it occurs, there shall be substituted the words " person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960,’*.

The Building Societies Act, 1874 (37 & 38 Vict. c. 42.

In section twenty-six, as it applies to Scotland, for the words "becomes a lunatic" there shall be substituted the words "is suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960".

The Trade Union Act Amendment Act, 1876 (39 & 40 Vict. c. 22.

In section four, as it applies to Scotland, for the words " becomes a lunatic * there shall be substituted the words " is suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960".

The Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879 (42 & 43 Vict c. 19.

In section three, as it applies to Scotland, in the definition of "habitual drunkard *, for the words " amenable to any jurisdiction in lunacy ’* there shall be substituted the words " a person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960*.

In section seven, as it applies to Scotland, for the words " who is licensed * to the end of the section there shall be substituted the words "in respect of premises which are a private hospital within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960".

The Judicial Factors (Scotland) Act, 1880 (43 & 44 Vict c. 4.

In section four, for the words "insane person" there shall be substituted the words " person suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960,’*.

4th Sen.

912

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

4n Sea.

The Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884

(47 & 48 Vict c. 31.

In section ten, as it applies to Scotland, after subsection (3) there shall be added the following subsection—

" (4) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, where a criminal lunatic is removed to Scotland, then—

(a) except where he is a criminal lunatic by virtue of having

been convicted of an offence and afterwards certified or otherwise lawfully proved to be insane, the Secretary of State may give the like direction in respect of him under section sixty-four of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960, as may be given in the case of a person to whom that section applies;

(b) in the said excepted case, the Secretary of State may give

the like direction in respect of him under section sixty-six of that Act (with or without a direction under section sixty-seven thereof) as may be given in the case of a person serving a sentence of imprisonment with respect to whom the Secretary of State is satisfied as mentioned in subsection (1) of that section.*

The Naval Enlistment Act, 1884 (47 & 48 Vict. c. 46.

Section three shall cease to have effect.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

(57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

In section fifty-five, in subsection (1), as it applies to Scotland, for the word "lunacy ’* there shall be substituted the words " mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960*.

The Friendly Societies Act, 1896 (59 & 60 Vict. c. 25.

In section thirty-four, as it applies to Scotland, for the words "becomes lunatic* there shall be substituted the words "is suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960*.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929 (19 & 20 Geo. 5 c. 25.

In section five, in subsection (3), for the words "the General Board of Control for Scotland * there shall be substituted the words " the Secretary of State ’*.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937 (1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 37.

In section ninety-six, for the words from "any institution* to the end of the section there shall be substituted the words "any private hospital or residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of Part m of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960*’.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

913

In the Second Schedule, in paragraph 4f for the words " section 4th Sch. ten of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913", there shall be substituted the words 44 section seventy-one of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960

The Divorce (Scotland) Act, 1938 (1 & 2 Geo. 6 c. 50.

In section three, for the words " General Board of Control " there shall be substituted die words "Mental Welfare Commission*’.

In section six, in subsection (3) (except so far as it relates to any time before the commencement of this Act), for paragraphs (a) and (b) there shall be substituted the words " while he is liable to be detained by reason of mental illness in a hospital or place of safety under the Mental Health (Scodand) Act, 1960, or m a hospital, mental nursing home or place of safety under the Mental Health Act,'

1959*.

The Polish Resettlement , 1947 (10 All Geo. 6 c. 19.

In section eleven, in subsection (3), in paragraph (b), for the words 44 the Lunacy (Scodand) Acts, 1857 to 1919, and the Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940 * there shall be substituted the words " the Mental Health (Scodand) Act, 1960 *.

The National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 (10 & 11 Geo. 6 c. 27.

In section sixty-three, for the words (tthe Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940, or under Part V of this Act * there shall be substituted the words " the said Part III as extended by Part II of the Mental Health (Scodand) Act, 1960, or under the last mentioned Part II ".

In section eighty, in subsection (1), in the definition of 44 illness *, for the words 44 lunacy, mental illness * there shall be substituted the words 44 mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scodand) Act. I960*

The National Assistance Act, 1948 (11 & 12 Geo. 6 c. 29.

In section twenty-nine, in subsection (1), after the word 44 dumb * there shall be inserted the words 44or who suffer from mental disorder of any description*.

In section thirty-seven, in subsection (9), after the word 44 applies * there shall be inserted the words 44, not being persons to whom that section applies by virtue of the amendment thereto made by the Mental Health Act, 1959, or the Mental Health (Scotland) Act,

I960*, at the end of paragraph () of the proviso there shall be inserted the words 44 or any private hospital within the meaning of Part m of the Mental Health (Scodand) Act, I960*, and after paragraph (h) there shall be inserted the words44 or

(0 except as provided by Part HI of the Mental Health (Scodand) Act, 1960, any residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of that Act.".

914

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

4th Sch. In section forty-one, in subsection (1), at the end of the subsection there shall be inserted the words ", not being persons to whom that section applies by virtue of the amendment thereto made by the Mental Health Act. 1959, or the Mental Health (Scotland) Act. I960*.

The Children Act, 1948 (11 & 12 Geo. 6 c. 43.

In section two, as it applies to Scotland, in the proviso to subsection (3), for the words " unsoundness of mind or mental deficiency * there shall be substituted the words 44 mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 *.

In section thirty-nine, in subsection (1), after paragraph (/) there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

44 (g) section nine of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, and the provisions of section ten of that Act relating to children and young persons in respect of whom the rights and powers of a parent are vested in a local authority as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of the said section ten*.

The National Service Act, 1948 (11 & 12 Geo. 6 c. 64.

In section fifty-six, for paragraph (c) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (c) in the First Schedule, for paragraph (3) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

4 (3) A person who—

(a) is receiving treatment for mental disorder as an in-patient in a hospital within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, not being a private hospital, or is receiving 6uch treatment as an in-patient in any other place at the expense of a Regional Hospital Board; or

(b) is suffering from mental deficiency such that he is incapable of leading an independent life or of guarding himself against serious exploitation and is either resident in accommodation provided by, or by arrangement with, a local health authority under section twenty-seven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, or is otherwise receiving care from a local authority under that section.* *

The Recall of Army and Air Force Pensioners Act, 1948 (12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 8.

In the Schedule, for paragraph 2 there shall be substituted the following paragraph: —

44 2. A person who is receiving treatment for mental disorder as an in-patient in a hospital within the meaning of the Mental Health Act, 1959, or in a hospital (other than a private hospital) within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, or in a hospital or institution within the meaning of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, or is receiving such treatment

1960 Mental Health (Scotland) Ch. 61

Act, 1960

as an in-patient in any other place at the expense of a Regional

Hospital Board, or, as the case may be, of the Northern Ireland

Hospitals Authority."

The Legal Aid and Solicitors (Scotland) Act, 1949 (12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 63.

In section nineteen, in subsection three, for the word "insanity " there shall be substituted the words " mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 ".

In the Fifth Schedule, for the word "insanity", wherever occurring, there shall be substituted the words "mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 "; in paragraph 4, for the words " upon an order or warrant being granted for the detention of a solicitor as a lunatic" there shall be substituted the words "where in pursuance of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, a solicitor is, by reason of mental disorder, admitted to a hospital and becomes liable to be detained therein or becomes subject to guardianship, ", for the words " any such order or warrant remains in force " there shall be substituted the words " he continues to be so liable or so subject ", and in the proviso to the said paragraph, for the words " the order or warrant ceases to be in force" there shall be substituted the words "he ceases to be liable to be detained or subject to guardianship".

The Representation of the People Act, 1949 (12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6 c. 68.

Section four shall have effect, in its application to Scotland, as if for the words " mental defectiveness " there were substituted the words " mental deficiency ".

The Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 (12. 13 & 14 Geo. 6 c. 94.

In section three,— in subsection (1), for the words from " appearing " to " 1913 " there shall be substituted the words "approved for the purposes of section twenty-seven of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, that the mental condition of an offender is such as requires and may be susceptible to treatment but is not such as to warrant his detention in pursuance of a hospital order under Part V of that Act",

in subsection (2), the following paragraph shall be substituted for paragraphs (a) and (b):—

" (a) treatment as a resident patient in a hospital within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960, not being a State hospital within the meaning of that Act ",

in subsection (3) the words " or can be " shall be omitted, and for subsections (7) and (8) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

"(7) Subsections (2), (3) and (4) of section fifty-seven of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, shall apply for the purposes of this section as if for the reference

915 4th Sch.

916

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eltz. 2

4th Sch

in the said subsection (2) to paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fifty-five there were substituted a reference to subsection (1) of this section."

In section twenty-seven,— in subsection (1), for the words " committed the offence " there shall be substituted the words " did the act or made the omission charged " and

in subsection (2), for the words from " shall undergo " to " may be so specified" there shall be substituted the words "shall—

(a) undergo a medical examination by a duly qualified medical practitioner or, where the inquiry is into his mental condition and the bond so specifies, two such practitioners; and

(b) for the purpose attend at an institution or place, or on any such practitioner specified in the bond and, where the inquiry is into his mental condition, comply with any directions which may be given to him for the said purpose by any person so spedfied or by a person of any class so specified ", and

for the words from " for such period " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words "in an institution or place spedfied as aforesaid, not being an institution or place to which he could have been remanded in custody, until the expiry of such period as may be so specified or he is discharged therefrom, whichever first occurs".

The Matrimonial Causes , 1950 (14 Geo. 6. c. 25.

In section one, in subsection (2) (except so far as it relates to any time before the commencement of this Act), for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (b) while he is liable to be detained in a hospital or place of safety under the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960

The Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1951 (14 & 15 Geo. 6 c. 55.

In section two, in subsection (2), in paragraph (b) for the word "diseases" there shall be substituted the word "illness" and in paragraph (c) for the word "defect" there shall be substituted the word "deficiency ".

In section five, in subsection (2), in paragraph (b) for the word "diseases " there shall be substituted the word "illness " and for the word "defect " there shall be substituted the word "deficiency ".

In section eleven, in subsection (2), for the word "diseases", wherever it occurs, there shall be substituted the word "illness" and for the word "defect", wherever it occurs, there shall be substituted the word "deficiency ".

In section thirty-four, for the definition of "mental hospital" there shall be substituted the following definition:—

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

917

M * mental hospital' means any hospital within the meaning of 4th Sch. the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, wholly or mainly used for the treatment of persons suffering from mental disorder "; and

in the definition of "registered nurse for mental defectives’*, for the word "defect" there shall be substituted the word "deficiency" and in the definition of "registered mental nurse " for the word "diseases " there shall be substituted the word "illness".

In the Third Schedule, in paragraph 1, in sub-paragraph (3), for the word "diseases " there shall be substituted the word "illness "

The Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953 (1 & 2 Eliz. 2 c. 25.

In section fifteen, in subsection (1), in paragraph (a), for the words " the Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940" there shall be substituted the words " the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 ".

The Army Act, 1955 (3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

Section sixteen shall cease to have effect.

The Air Force Act, 1955 (3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

Section sixteen shall cease to have effect.

The Children Act, 1958 (6 & 7 Eliz. 2 c. 65.

In section two, in subsection (4), after the word "1959 " there shall be inserted the words "or the Mental Health (Scotland) Act,

1960," and for the words " that Act " there shall be substituted the words " the Mental Health Act, 1959, or in a residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder within the meaning of Part HI of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 ".

The Mental Health Act, 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2 c. 72.

In section nine, in subsection (1), after " 1946 " there shall be inserted the words " or under section twenty-seven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947".

In section ten, in subsection (1), in paragraph (b), after the words "this Act" there shall be inserted the words "or under the provisions of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960"; and in paragraph (c), after the words "this Act" there shall be inserted the words " or under the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 ".

In section eighty-five, in subsection (1), for the words "as mentioned in subsection (1) of section eighty-one of this Act" there shall be substituted the. words " under this Act, not being a patient subject to an order or direction restricting his discharge", and in paragraph (b) for the words " placing him under " there shall be substituted the words " receiving him into "; and in subsection (3)

918

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

4th Sgh. for the words " placed under " there shall be substituted the words " received into " and the words " or placed ", in each place where they occur, shall be omitted.

In section eighty-six, in subsection (1), for the words " Part V of this Act, not being a patient to whom section eighty-five of this Act applies " there shall be substituted the words " under this Act, being a patient who is also subject to an order or direction restricting his discharge ".

In section eighty-seven, in subsection (1), for the words " his admission to a hospital or for placing him under" there shall be substituted the words " admitting him to a hospital or for receiving him into "; and, in subsection (3), for the words " is so received " there shall be substituted the words " arrived at the place where he is to reside

In section eighty-eight, in subsection (1), for the words "his admission" there shall be substituted the words "admitting him".

In section ninety-three, in subsection (3), for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (a)in Scotland, to any mental health officer within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960."

For section ninety-four there shall be substituted the following section :—

"Regula- 94. Section fifty-six of this Act shall have effect as if references therein to Part IV of this Act included refer-Part VL ences to this Part of this Act and to Part VI of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960, so far as the said Parts apply to patients removed to England and Wales thereunder."

In section ninety-six, in subsection (3) for the words " subsection (2) of section sixty-four of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 " there shall be substituted the words " Part VI of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, I960."

In section one hundred and thirty-five, in subsections (2) and (4), after the word "Act ", in all places where that word occurs, there shall be inserted the words " or under section eighty-three of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960 ".

In the Sixth Schedule, in sub-paragraphs (1) of paragraphs 8 and 12, the words " In relation to " shall be omitted, tor the words from " Part IV of this Act " to the words " the said Part IV " there shall be substituted the words " shall (subject to the following provisions of this paragraph) be treated as if he had been admitted to the hospital in pursuance of an application for admission for treatment under Part IV of this Act", and the words from "and the other " to the end of each of those sub-paragraphs shall be omitted

In the Seventh Schedule, in Part II, in the amendments to the Army Act, 1955, and the Air Force Act, 1955, there shall be inserted after the word "Wales" the words "and Scotland".

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

919

FIFTH SCHEDULE Section 113.

Enactments Repealed

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

51 Geo. 3. C.37

20 & 21 Vict c. 71.

25 & 26 Vict c. 54.

27 & 28 Vict c. 59.

29 & 30 Vict c. 51.

34 & 35 Vict c. 55.

47 & 48 Vict

The Marriage of Lunatics Act, 1811.

The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857.

The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862.

The Lunacy Board (Scotland) Act, 1864.

The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866.

The Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871.

The Naval Enlistment

The whole Act so far as it extends to Scotland.

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act

The whole Act

Section three.

c. 46.

48 & 49 Vict c. 61.

48 & 49 Vict c. 69.

Art, 1884.

The Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885. The Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885.

In the Schedule, in Part I, the entry relating to lunacy.

In section five, paragraph (2) so far as it extends to Scotland.

52 & 53 Vict c. 50.

53 & 54 Vict c.5.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1889. The Lunacy Act, 1890.

In section eleven, in paragraph (5), head (ii).

The whole Act so far as it extends to Scotland and Northern Ire-

63 & 64 Vict c. 54.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 25.

The Lunacy Board (Scotland) Salaries and Clerks Act 1900.

The Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act 1913.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1929.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 32.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 20.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c.8.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 37.

The Criminal Lunatics (Scotland) Act 1935.

The Reorganisation of Offices (Scotland) Act, 1939.

The Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Act 1940.

The Education (Scotland) Act 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Education (Scot-c. 72. land) Act 1946.

land.

The whole Act

The whole Act.

In section eleven, subsection (4); in section seventy-seven, in subsection (1), in the definition of "Central Department ", paragraph (c).

The whole Act.

Section two.

The whole Act

In the Fourth Schedule, the amendments to the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act 1913.

In section fifty-six, subsection (6); section fifty-eight; in section one hundred and forty, in subsection (2), paragraphs (6),(c), (), and (e); in section one hundred and forty-three, in subsection (1), the definition of "Mental Deficiency Acts."

920

5th Scxl

Ch. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Act, 1960

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

ll&12 Geo. 6. c. 29.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 19.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 93.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 94.

The National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947.

The National Assistance Act, 1948.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1949.

The National Health Service (Amendment) Act, 1949.

The Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949.

In section sixteen, in subsection (1), the words " or mental deficiency in section seventeen, in subsection (1), the words "or mental deficiency’*; in section twenty-seven, in subsection (1), the words " or mental deficiency*'; in section twenty-eight, in subsection (1), the words " mentally defective'*; Part V; in section eighty, in subsection (1) in the definition of "hospital", the words " or mental deficiency" and the definition of "mental defective "; the Ninth Schedule.

In section thirty-seven, in the proviso to subsection (9), paragraphs (b) and (c), and the word "or " at the end of paragraph (g); in the Sixth Schedule, in paragraph 7, sub-paragraph (2), and in paragraph 9, head (a) of sub-paragraph (3).

In the Schedule, in Part n, the amendments to the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, and the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Section twenty-seven.

In section three, in subsection (3), the words " or can be " and " as a voluntary boarder or", in subsection (4), the words " as a voluntary boarder or’*; in section four, in subsection (2), the words "voluntary boarder or"; in section thirteen, in subsection (1) the words " voluntary boarder or"; sections twenty-three to twenty-five; in section twenty-seven, subsection (5); sections fifty-two, sixty-three, sixty-four and sixty-five; in section seventy-five, in subsection (2) the words from the beginning to " Treasury, and "; in the Third Schedule, in paragraph 3, in head id) of sub-paragraph (1), the words " voluntary or "; in the Eleventh Schedule, the amendments to .the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61

921

Session and

Chapter

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 61.

Short Title

The Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952.

Extent of Repeal

In the Third Schedule, the amendments to the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

The Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953.

The Army Act, 1955...

In section fifteen, in subsection (1), in paragraph (6), the words " and V *.

Section sixteen.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2.

c. 19.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 40.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 65.

The Air Force Act, 1955

Section sixteen.

The Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1955.

The House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957.

The Matrimonial Proceedings (Children) Act, 1958.

The Children Act, 1958

In the Second Schedule, paragraph 2 (entry relating to the Naval Enlistment Act, 1884); sub-paragraph (6) of paragraph 13; sub-paragraph (6) of paragraph 14; sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 18.

In the First Schedule, in Part n, the following entry:—

"The General Board of Control for Scotland ".

In section ten, subsection (5).

In section two, subsection (5).

7 Eliz. 2. c. 5.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

The Adoption Act,

1958.

The Mental Health Act,

1959.

In section thirty-seven, in subsection (3), the words " or subsection (5)".

Sections eighty-two to eighty-four; in section eighty-five, in subsection (3), the words " or placed* in each place where they occur; section ninety-one; in section one hundred and thirty-three, subsection (3); in section one hundred and fifty, the words " to eighty-four, section ninety-one", "section one hundred and thirty-three*; in the Sixth Schedule, in sub-paragraphs (1) of paragraphs 8 and 12, the words " In relation to *, the words from " and the other* to the end of the sub-paragraphs; in the Seventh Schedule, in Part I, the amendment to the Recall of Army and Air Force Pensioners Act, 1948, and, in Part II, the amendments to the Naval Enlistment Act, 1884, the Army Act, 1955, the Air Force Act, 1955, and the Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1955.

600

5th Sch.

Ch. 61

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Table oj Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1821

Judicial Factors (Scotland) Act, 1849

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862

Church of Scotland Courts Act, 1863

Improvement of Land Act, 1864

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866

Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act,

1868

Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland)

Amendment Act, 1871

Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879

Judicial Factors (Scotland) Act, 1880

Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883

Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884

Naval Enlistment Act, 1884

Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885

Interpretation Act, 1889

Lunacy Act, 1890

Criminal Evidence Act, 1898

Lunacy Board (Scotland) Salaries and Clerks

Act, 1900

Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1901

Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act,

1913

Government of Ireland Act, 1920

Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929 Children and Young Persons Act, 1933 Criminal Lunatics (Scotland) Act, 1935 Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act,

1937

Divorce (Scotland) Act, 1938

Nursing Homes Registration (Scotland) Act,

1938

Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Act, 1940

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946

National Health Service Act, 1946

Polish Resettlement Act, 1947

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

National Assistance Act, 1948

Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act,

1948

Children Act, 1948

National Service Act, 1948

Recall of Army and Air Force Pensioners Act,

1948

Representation of the People Act, 1949

Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949

Matrimonial Causes Act, 1950

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951

Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1951

Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 33. 12 & 13 Vict. c. 51. 20 & 21 Vict c. 71.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 54.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 47.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 114. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 51.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 101.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 55.

42 & 43 Vict c. 19.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 4.

46 & 47 Vict c. 38.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 31.

47 & 48 Vict c. 46.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 69.

52 & 53 Vict c. 63.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 5.

61 & 62 Vict c. 36.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 54.

1 Edw. 7. c. 17.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67. 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 15. 19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 25. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 12. 25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 25.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 37. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 50.

I & 2 Geo. 6. c. 73.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 8.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 19.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

10 All Geo. 6. c. 43.

II & 12 Geo. 6. c. 29.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 39.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 64.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 8. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 68. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 94. 14 Geo. 6. c. 25.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 46.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 55.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 61.

1960

Mental Health (Scotland)

Act, 1960

Ch. 61, 62

923

Short Title Session and Chapter

Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

Post Office Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 36.

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954 ... 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

Army Act, 1955 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

Air Force Act, 1955 Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

(Transitional Provisions) Act, 1955 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

Medical Act, 1956 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 76.

House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

Naval Discipline Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

Matrimonial Proceedings (Children) Act, 1958 Local Government and Miscellaneous Financial 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 40.

Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1958 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 64.

Children Act, 1958 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 65.

Adoption Act, 1958 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 5.

County Courts Act, 1959 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 22.

Mental Health Act, 1959 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

CHAPTER 62

Caravan Sites and Control of Development , 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I Caravan Sites Licensing of caravan sites

Section

1. Prohibition of use of land as caravan site without site licence.

2. Exemptions from licensing requirements.

3. Issue of site licences by local authorities.

4. Duration of site licences.

5. Power of local authority to attach conditions to site licences.

6. Failure by local authority to issue site licence.

7. Appeal to magistrates’ court against conditions attached to site licence.

8. Power of local authority to alter conditions attached to site licences.

9. Provisions as to breaches of condition.

10. Transfer of site licences and transmission on death, etc.

11. Duty of licence holder to surrender licence for alteration.

12. Responsibility of occupier of land subject to a licence or special

tenancy.

Special provisions as to existing sites

13. Existing sites.

14. Exemption for existing sites from requirements of section one of this

Act.

15. Further exemption from section one.

Ch. 62

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development Act, 1960

Section

16. Restriction on increase in number of caravans on existing sites.

17. Existing caravan sites not covered by permission granted on an applica-

tion: modification of planning control

18. Existing caravan sites with short term planning permission granted

before commencement of this Act.

19. Conditions requiring reduction in number of caravans on existing sites.

20. Conditions to secure termination of use of existing site.

Amendments of planning law in relation to caravan sites

21. Amendment of section 12 (5) of Act of 1947.

22. Duty of local planning authority to consult authority issuing site

licences.

Caravans on commons

23. Power of rural district councils to prohibit caravans on commons.

Provision of caravan sites by local authorities

24. Power of local authorities to provide sites for caravans.

Miscellaneous and supplemental

25. Registers of site licences.

26. Power of entry of officers of local authorities.

27. Power of Minister to repeal or amend local enactments.

28. Crown land.

29. Interpretation of Part I.

30. Part repeal of s. 269, Public Health Act, 1936.

31. Exclusion of London from Part I.

32. Application of Part I to Scotland.

Part II

General Control of Development

33. Appeal to Minister against enforcement notice.

34. Appeal from Minister to High Court on questions of law.

35. Service of enforcement notices.

36. Liability of owner of land for failure to comply with requirements of

an enforcement notice other than the discontinuance of a use of land.

37. Provisions enabling an owner to comply with an enforcement notice.

38. Discontinuance of enforcement notice on grant of planning permission.

39. Increase of penalty for using land in contravention of planning control.

40. Repeated operation of enforcement notices.

41. Explanation of provisions of 1947 Act relating to planning permission.

42. Amendments as to orders under s. 26 of Act of 1947.

43. Additional powers of entry for purposes of control of development.

44. Enforcement notices under s. 75 of Act of 1947.

45. Notices under sections 30 and 33 of Act of 1947.

46. Construction of Part II.

47. Interpretation, transitional provisions and extent.

1960 . Caravan Sites and Control of Ch. 62 925

Development Act, 1960

Part in General

Section

48. Repeals.

49. Financial provisions.

50. Short title, interpretation, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Cases where a Caravan Site Licence is not required.

Second Schedule—Further Provisions as to Orders relating to Commons.

Third Schedule—Enforcement of Notices under sections 30 and 33 of Act of 1947.

Fourth Schedule—Enactments Repealed.

An Act to make further provision for the licensing and control of caravan sites, to authorise local authorities to provide and operate caravan sites, to amend the law relating to enforcement notices and certain other notices issued under Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, to amend sections twenty-six and one hundred and three of that Act and to explain other provisions in the said Part HI; and for connected purposes.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Caravan Sites

Licensing of caravan sites

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, no Prohibition occupier of land shall after the commencement of this Act cause of or permit any part of the land to be used as a caravan site unless -te

he is the holder of a site licence (that is to say, a licence under this ^thout site Part of this Act authorising the use of land as a caravan site) for licence, the time being in force as respects the land so used.

(2) If the occupier of any land contravenes subsection (1) of this section he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction, in the case of the first offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds.

926

Ch. 62

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

Part I (3) In this Part of this Act the expression " occupier " means, in relation to any land, the person who, by virtue of an estate or interest therein held by him, is entitled to possession thereof or would be so entitled but for the rights of any other person under any licence granted in respect of the land:

Provided that where land amounting to not more than four hundred square yards in area is let under a tenancy entered into with a view to the use of the land as a caravan site, the expression " occupier " means in relation to that land the person who would be entitled to possession of the land but for the rights of any person under that tenancy.

(4) In this Part of this Act the expression "caravan site" means land on which a caravan is stationed for the purposes of human habitation and land which is used in conjunction with land on which a caravan is so stationed.

Exemptions 2. No site licence shall be required for the use of land as a from licensing caravan site in any of the circumstances specified in the First requirements. Schedule to this Act and that Schedule shall have effect accordingly.

issue of site 3.—(1) An application for the issue of a site licence in respect

licences of any land may be made by the occupier thereof to the

by local local authority in whose area the land is situated,

authorities.

(2) An application under this section shall be in writing and shall specify the land in respect of which the application is made; and the applicant shall, either at the time of making the application or subsequently, give to the local authority such particulars, set out in such form, as the Minister may from time to time prescribe by order made by statutory instrument

(3) A local authority may on an application under this section issue a site licence in respect of the land if, and only if, the applicant is, at the time when the site licence is issued, entitled to the benefit of a permission for the use of the land as a caravan site granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 otherwise than by a development order.

(4) If at the date when the applicant duly gives the particulars prescribed under subsection (2) of this section he is entitled to the benefit of such a permission as aforesaid, the local authority shall issue a site licence in respect of the land within two months of that date or, if the applicant and the local authority agree in writing that the local authority shall be afforded a longer period within which to grant a site licence, within the period so agreed.

1960

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development , 1960

Ch. 62

927

(5) If the applicant becomes entitled to the benefit of such a permission as aforesaid at some time after duly giving the particulars prescribed under subsection (2) of this section the local authority shall issue a site licence in respect of the land within six weeks of the date on which he becomes so entitled or, if the applicant and the local authority agree in writing that the local authority shall be afforded a longer period within which to grant a site licence, within the period so agreed.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, a local authority shall not at any time issue a site licence to a person who to their knowledge has held a site licence which has been revoked in pursuance of the provisions of this Part of this Act less than three years before that time.

4. —(1) Where permission for the use of any land as a caravan site has been granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 otherwise than by a development order, and has been so granted in terms such that it will expire at the end of a specified period, any site licence issued in respect of the land by virtue of the existence of that permission shall expire, and shall be stated to expire, at the end of that period; but, subject as aforesaid, a site licence shall not be issued for a limited period only.

(2) If after a site licence is issued the terms of the said permission are varied by the Minister on an appeal under section sixteen of the Act of 1947, the local authority who issued the licence shall make in the site licence any alteration required to secure that its terms comply with the provisions of the foregoing subsection.

5. —(1) A site licence issued by a local authority in respect of any land may be so issued subject to such conditions as the authority may think it necessary or desirable to impose on the occupier of the land in the interests of persons dwelling thereon in caravans, or of any other class of persons, or of the public at large; and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, a site licence may be issued subject to conditions—

(a) for restricting the occasions on which caravans are

stationed on the land for the purposes of human habitation, or the total number of caravans which are so stationed at any one time;

(b) for controlling (whether by reference to their size, the

state of their repair or, subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, any other feature) the types of caravan which are stationed on the land;

(c) for regulating the positions in which caravans are

stationed on the land for the purposes of human habitation and for prohibiting, restricting, or otherwise regulating, the placing or erection on the land, at any

Part

Duration of site licences.

Power of local authority to attach conditions to site licences.

928

Ch. 62

Part I

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

time when caravans axe so stationed, of structures and vehicles of any description whatsoever and of tents; id) for securing the taking of any steps for preserving or enhancing the amenity of the land, including the planting and replanting thereof with trees and bushes;

(e) for securing that, at all times when caravans are stationed on the land, proper measures are taken for preventing and detecting the outbreak of fire and adequate means of fighting fire are provided and maintained;

(f) for securing that adequate sanitary facilities, and such other facilities, services or equipment as may be specified, are provided for the use of persons dwelling on the land in caravans and that, at all times when caravans are stationed thereon for the purposes of human habitation, any facilities and equipment so provided are properly maintained.

(2) No condition shall be attached to a site licence controlling the types of caravans which are stationed on the land by reference to the materials used in their construction.

(3) A site licence issued in respect of any land shall, unless it is issued subject to a condition restricting to three or less the total number of caravans which may be stationed on the land at any one time, contain an express condition that, at all times when caravans are stationed on the land for the purposes of human habitation, a copy of the licence as for the time being in force shall be displayed on the land in some conspicuous place.

(4) A condition attached to a site licence may, if it requires the carrying out of any works on the land in respect of which the licence is issued, prohibit or restrict the bringing of caravans on to the land for the purposes of human habitation until such time as the local authority have certified in writing that the works have been completed to their satisfaction; and where the land to which the site licence relates is at the time in use as a caravan site, the condition may, whether or not it contains any such prohibition or restriction as aforesaid, require the works to be completed to the satisfaction of the authority within a stated period.

(5) For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that a condition attached to a site licence shall be valid notwithstanding that it can be complied with only by the carrying out of works which the holder of the site licence is not entitled to carry out as of right.

(6) The Minister may from time to time specify for the purposes of this section model standards with respect to the layout of, and the provision of facilities, services and equipment for, caravan sites or particular types of caravan site; and in deciding what (if any) conditions to attach to a site licence, a local authority shall have regard to any standards so specified.

1960

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development , 1960

Ch. 62

929

6. Where a local authority, being required under section three Part 1 of this Act to issue a site licence in respect of any land. Ml to Failure by do so within the period within which they are required to issue local authority a site licence by that section, no offence under section one of to issue site this Act shall be committed in respect of the land by the person llcenoc*

by whom the application for the site licence was made at any time after the expiration of the said period and before a site licence is issued in pursuance of the said application.

7. —(1) Any person aggrieved by any condition (other than Appeal to # the condition referred to in subsection (3) of section five of this ma?ftI^jSst Act) subject to which a site licence has been issued to him in ^ndifiSs respect of any land may, within twenty-eight days of the date on attached to which the licence was so issued, appeal to a magistrates’ court site licence, acting for the petty sessions area in which the land is situated;

and die court, if satisfied (having regard amongst other things to any standards which may have been specified by die Minister under subsection (6) of the said section five) that the condition is unduly burdensome, may vary or cancel the condition.

(2) In so far as the effect of a condition (in whatever words expressed) subject to which a site licence is issued in respect of any land is to require the carrying out on the land of any works, the condition shall not have effect during the period within which the person to whom the site licence is issued is entitled by virtue of the foregoing subsection to appeal against the condition nor, thereafter, whilst an appeal against the condition is pending.

8. —(1) The conditions attached to a site licence may be altered Power of local at any time (whether by the variation or cancellation of existing authority conditions, or by the addition of new conditions, or by a com-

bination of any such methods) by the local authority, but before attachedto exercising their powers under this subsection the local authority site licences shall afford to the holder of the licence an opportunity of making representations.

(2) Where the holder of a site licence is aggrieved by any alteration of the conditions attached thereto or by the refusal of the local authority of an application by him for the alteration of those conditions, he may, within twenty-eight days of the date on which written notification of the alteration or refusal is received by him, appeal to a magistrates’ court acting for the petty sessions area in which the land to which the 9ite licence relates is situated; and the court may, if they allow the appeal, give to the local authority such directions as may be necessary to give effect to their decision.

(3) The alteration by a local authority of the conditions attached to any site licence shall not have effect until written notification thereof has been received by the holder of the licence,

20

930

Ch. 62

Part I

Provisions as to breaches of condition.

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development Act, 1960

and in so far as any such alteration imposes a requirement on the holder of the licence to carry out on the land to which the licence relates any works which he would not otherwise be required to carry out, (the alteration shall not have effect during the period within which the said holder is entitled by virtue of the last foregoing subsection to appeal against the alteration nor, thereafter, whilst an appeal against the alteration is pending.

(4) In exercising the powers conferred upon them by subsection (1) and subsection (2) of this section respectively, a local authority and a magistrates* court shall have regard amongst other things to any standards which may have been specified by the Minister under subsection (6) of section five of this Act.

9.—(1) If an occupier of land fails to comply with any condition for the time being attached to a site licence held by him in respect of the land, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction, in the case of the first offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds.

(2) Where a person convicted under this section for failing to comply with a condition attached to a site licence has on two or more previous occasions been convicted thereunder for failing to comply with a condition attached to that licence, the court before whom he is convicted may, if an application in that behalf is made at the hearing by the local authority in whose area the land is situated, make an order for the revocation of the said site licence to come into force on such date as the court may specify in the order, being a date after the end of the period of fourteen days mentioned in subsection (1) of section eighty-four and subsection (2) of section eighty-seven of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952, as the period within which the person convicted may bring an appeal, whether by case stated or otherwise; and if before the date so specified an appeal is so brought the order shall be of no effect pending the final determination or withdrawal of the appeal.

The person convicted or the local authority who issued the site licence may apply to the magistrates* court which has made such an order revoking a site licence for an order extending the period at the end of which the revocation is to come into force, and the magistrates’ court may, if satisfied that adequate notice of the application has been given to the local authority or, as the case may be, the person convicted, make an order extending that period.

(3) Where an occupier of land fails within the time specified in a condition attached to a site licence held by him to complete to the satisfaction of the local authority in whose area the land is situated any works required by the condition to be so

1960 Caravan Sites and Control of Ch. 62 931

Development Actf 1960

completed, the local authority may carry out those works, and Part i may recover as a simple contract debt in any court of competent jurisdiction from that person any expenses reasonably incurred by them in that behalf.

10.—(1) When the holder of a site licence in respect of any Transfer of land ceases to be the occupier of the land, he may, with thesit^ 1J2JJces’ consent of the local authority in whose area the land is situated, JSjLbnon transfer the licence to the person who then becomes the occupier death, etc. of the land.

(2) Where a local authority give their consent to the transfer of a site licence, they shall endorse on the licence the name of the person to whom it is to be transferred and the date agreed between the parties to the transfer as the date on which that person is, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, to be treated as having become the holder of the licence.

(3) If an application is made under subsection (1) of this section for consent to the transfer of a site licence to a person who is to become the occupier of the land, that person may apply for a site licence under section three of this Act as if he were the occupier of the land, and if the local authority at any time before issuing a site licence in compliance with that application give their consent to the transfer they need not proceed with the application for the site licence.

(4) Where any person becomes, by operation of law, entitled to an estate or interest in land in respect of which a site licence is in force and is, by virtue of his holding that estate or interest, the occupier of the land within the meaning of this Part of this Act he shall, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be treated as having become the holder of the licence on the day on which he became the occupier of the land, and the local authority in whose area the land is situated shall, if an application in that behalf is made to them, endorse his name and the said date on the licence.

11.—(1) A local authority who have issued a site licence may Duty of at any time require the holder to deliver it up so as to enable licence them to enter in it any alteration of the conditions or other terms holder to of the licence made in pursuance of the provisions of this Part f£r Of this Act alteration.

(2) If the holder of a site licence fails without reasonable excuse to comply with a requirement duly made under this section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

12.—(1) It shall be a condition of any licence or of any Responsibility such tenancy as is mentioned in subsection (3) of section one of occupier of of this Act that if any person in exercise of rights under the tend licence or tenancy does anything which would constitute an speda

2 G 2 tenancy.

932

Part I

Existing sites.

Exemption for existing sites from requirements of section one of this Act.

Ch. 62 Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

offence under that section if that person were the occupier of the land, the person who is the occupier of the land may take possession of the land and terminate the licence or tenancy; and in determining whether the occupier of the land has permitted the land to be used as a caravan site account shall be taken of any powers exercisable by him under this subsection.

(2) The occupier of any land subject to a licence or subject to any such tenancy as is mentioned in subsection (3) of section one of this Act shall have the right, as against any person claiming under the licence or tenancy, to enter on the land and do anything on the land reasonably required for the purpose of complying with any conditions attached to a site licence issued with respect to the land.

Special provisions as to existing sites

13. In this Part of this Act the expression "existing site" means—

(a) land which is in use as a caravan site at the commencement of this Act and which was also used as a caravan site on the ninth day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty, and

(b) land begun to be used as a caravan site after the said

ninth day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty, and so used at the commencement of this Act, where permission for the use of the land as a caravan site at the commencement of this Act has been granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 otherwise than by a development order, and

(c) land (whether or not land which is in use as a caravan

site at the commencement of this Act) for the use of which as a caravan site permission under the said Part III is at the commencement of this Act, by virtue of subsection (5) of section twelve of the Act of 1947, not required.

14. No offence shall be committed under section one of this Act in respect of an existing site at any time within the period of two months beginning with the commencement of this Act, and if within that period the occupier of an existing site duly makes an application under this Part of this Act for a site licence, no offence shall be committed under section one of this Act in respect of the existing site at any time after the expiration of the said period, and before a site licence is first issued in respect of that existing site.

1960

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development , 1960

Ch. 62

933

15. Where land used as a caravan site at the commencement Part l of this Act was taken into use as such after the ninth day of Further March, nineteen hundred and sixty, and the occupier was, at the exemption time, entitled to the benefit of a permission in that behalf60111 section granted by a development order (and not in pursuance of an onc* application in that behalf), no offence shall be committed under section one of this Act in respect of the land during the period of three months beginning with the commencement of this Act.

16.—(1) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, the occupier Restriction on of an existing site shall not at any time before a site licence is increase in first issued in respect thereof cause or permit the number of ^iwwmson caravans stationed thereon for the purposes of human habita- existing sites, tion to exceed at any one time whichever of the following numbers is the greatest (that is to say):—

(a) the number so stationed at the commencement of this

Act; or

(b) where the occupier is entitled to the benefit of any

permission granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 for the use of the land as a caravan site subject to a condition limiting the number of caravans which may be stationed on the existing site, the number so limited for the time being; or

(c) where the occupier is the holder of a licence under

section two hundred and sixty-nine of the Public Health Act, 1936, or under any local enactment, which is subject to a condition limiting the number of caravans on the existing site, the number so limited for the time being.

(2) If the occupier of an existing site contravenes subsection

(1) of this section he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction, in the case of the first offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds.

(3) In any proceedings for an offence under this section it shall be a defence to show that the existing site is one to which paragraph (c) of section thirteen of this Act applies and that the number of caravans stationed thereon for the purposes of human habitation at the time at which the offence is alleged to have been committed did not exceed the greatest number so stationed at any one time during the period of two years ending with the commencement of this Act

(4) This section shall not apply so as to make unlawful the stationing of caravans on land in circumstances in which, by virtue of section two of this Act, a site licence would not be required for the use of the land as a caravan site if it were not an existing site.

934

Part I

Existing caravan sites not covered by permission granted on an application: modification of planning control.

Ch. 62 Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development Act, 1960

17.—(1) This section shall apply to any application for a site licence in respect of an existing site which is made within two months of the commencement of this Act, or within such longer period as the local authority to whom the application is made may, having regard to the special circumstances of the case, allow, other than an application in respect of a site which has at the date of the application the benefit of a permission for the use of the land as a caravan site granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 otherwise than by a development order.

(2) On the making of an application to which this section applies, the local authority to whom the application is made shall take any steps required for transmitting the application to the local planning authority and the local planning authority may grant permission for the use of the existing site as a caravan site under Part III of the Act of 1947 as if the application for the site licence were an application for such permission (and as if compliance with sections thirty-six and thirty-seven of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1959 (which impose requirements to be complied with before certain applications for planning permission are entertained), were not required).

(3) Unless—

(a) before the expiration of a period of six months begin-

ning with the date on which the application is made permission has been granted in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection for the use of the land to which the application relates as a caravan site, or

(b) before the expiration of the said period, and either

before or after the commencement of this Act, the owner and occupier (within the meaning of the Act of 1947) of the land have been served with an enforcement notice under section twenty-three of that Act requiring the use of the land as a caravan site to be discontinued or with notice of an order submitted to the Minister under section twenty-six of that Act and requiring that use to be discontinued, permission for the use of the land as a caravan site shall be deemed for all purposes to have been granted at the end of that period under the said Part III of the Act of 1947 without any condition or limitation.

(4) If at any time within the said period of six months beginning with the date on which the application to which this section applies is made the land as respects which the application is made is not being used as a caravan site, the local planning authority may serve any such enforcement notice under the said section twenty-three of the Act of 1947, or make any such order under the said section twenty-six of that Act, as they would have had power to serve or make if the land was then being used as a caravan site.

1960

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development , 1960

Ch. 62

935

(5) Where, on an application to which this section applies, permission for the use of the land as a caravan site is granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 by virtue of subsection (2) of this section, and is so granted subject to conditions or limitations, section sixteen of the Act of 1947 (which provides for appeals to the Minister) shall apply in relation to the said application as if it had been an application for permission to develop the land.

18. Where an application for a site licence is made in respect of an existing site and—

(a) the existing site has at the date of the application the

benefit of a permission for the use of the land as a caravan site granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 otherwise than by a development order, but

(b) the said permission was granted before the commence-

ment of this Act and in terms such that it will expire within a period of six months beginning with the date of the application, no account shall be taken of the said permission either for the purposes of section three of this Act or for the purposes of the last foregoing section; and the last foregoing section shall have effect in relation to the said application as if for the references in subsections (3) and (4) thereof to a period of six months beginning with the date on which the application is made there were substituted references to a period of six months beginning with the date on which the said permission will expire.

19. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of section five of this Act, conditions attached to a site licence in respect of an existing site may, where the local authority who issue the licence consider that, having regard to any standards which have been specified by the Minister under subsection (6) of section five of this Act, the number of caravans stationed on the existing site for the purposes of human habitation is excessive, and that the reduction of that number may involve the displacement of persons who are resident on the existing site—

(a) impose requirements for the purpose of securing that

where a person or family ceases to dwell in a caravan, their place shall not be taken by any other person or family, or that where a caravan is taken away from a site it shall not be brought back or replaced, and

(b) impose other requirements for the purpose of securing

that the number of caravans on a caravan site are progressively reduced, so, however, that the conditions shall not be framed so as to require the reduction of the number of caravans below the greatest number which can in the opinion of the local authority, and having regard to the said standards, be properly stationed on the land.

Part I

Existing caravan sites with short term planning permission granted before commencement of this Act

Conditions requiring reduction in number of caravans on existing sites.

936

Part I

Conditions to secure termination of use of existing site.

Ch. 62 Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

(2) Conditions restricting the total number of caravans stationed on a caravan site, other than conditions of the description in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection, shall not be attached to a site licence in respect of an existing site unless the local authority who issue the licence are satisfied that, if the imposition of those conditions leads to the displacement of persons who are resident on the existing site, suitable alternative accommodation is or will be available for them.

20.—(1) On the grant of permission under Part III of the Act of 1947 for the use of an existing site as a caravan site subject to a condition such that the permission will expire at the end of a specified period the local planning authority or, as the case may be, the Minister, if of opinion that the permission ought not to be granted but for the need to afford time for persons resident on the existing site to secure other accommodation, may issue with the permission a direction that conditions may be attached to any site licence for the existing site for the purpose of securing that its use as a caravan site will be terminated in due course.

(2) Section sixteen of the Act of 1947 (which provides for appeals to the Minister against conditions attached to planning permission) shall apply in relation to the decision of a local planning authority to grant permission under Part III of the Act of 1947 with a direction under the foregoing subsection as if references in that section to conditions included references to such a direction.

(3) Where a direction has been issued as respects an existing site under subsection (1) of this section (not being a direction which has been discharged on an appeal under the said section sixteen) conditions imposed for the purpose of securing that the number of caravans on the existing site are progressively reduced may, subject to the limitation specified in subsection (2) of the last foregoing section as respects the availability of suitable alternative accommodation, be attached to a site licence for the existing site for the purpose of securing that the use of the existing site as a caravan site is terminated in due course.

(4) For the purposes of deciding any appeal under section seven, or under subsection (2) of section eight, of this Act a condition attached to a site licence for an existing site in pursuance of this section shall not be regarded as unduly burdensome solely on the ground that it will have the effect of terminating in due course its use as a caravan site, but this subsection shall not apply in relation to an appeal under the said subsection (2) against the refusal of a local authority of an application by the holder of a site licence for the alteration of conditions attached in pursuance of this section where the direction by reference to which those conditions were attached has been discharged on an appeal under section sixteen of the Act of 1947.

1960 Caravan Sites and Control of Ch. 62 937

Development Act, 1960

Amendments of planning law in relation to caravan sites Part 1

21. After the commencement of this Act the use of any land Amendnwntof as a caravan site shall not be treated by virtue of subsection (5) JJaUof 1S7 of section twelve of the Act of 1947 as a use for which permit

sion is not required under Part III of the Act of 1947 unless the land has been so used on one occasion at least during the period of two years ending with the ninth day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty.

22. —(1) Before a local planning authority grant permission for Duty of local the use of land as a caravan site under Part III of the Act of planning 1947 they shall, unless they are also the authority having power authority

to issue a site licence for that land, consult the local authority authority having that power. issuing rite

(2) This section shall apply in relation to permission granted licences, on an application in that behalf whether or not the application was made after the commencement of this Act.

Caravans on commons

23. —(1) This section applies to any land in the area of a Power of

rural district council which is or forms part of a common, notrural district being land falling within any of the following descriptions, that l°

is to say— caravans on

(a) land to which section one hundred and ninety-three of commons, the Law of Property Act, 1925 (which relates to the rights of the public over certain commons and waste lands), for the time being applies;

(b) land which is subject to a scheme under Part I of the

Commons Act, 1899 (under which schemes may be made for the regulation and management of certain commons);

(c) land as respects which a site licence is for the time being

in force.

(2) The council of a rural district may make with respect to any land in their area to which this section applies an order prohibiting, either absolutely or except in such circumstances as may be specified in the order, the stationing of caravans on the land for the purposes of human habitation.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of section one of this Act, any person who stations a caravan on any land in contravention of an order under this section for the time being in force with respect to the land shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(4) It shall be the duty of a rural district council to take all reasonable steps to secure that copies of any order under this section which is for the time being in force with respect to any land in their area are so displayed on the land as to give to

2 G*

938

Ch. 62

Part !

Power of local authorities to provide sites for caravans.

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

persons entering thereon adequate warning of the existence of the order, and the council shall have the right to place on the land such notices as they consider necessary for the performance of their duty under this subsection.

(5) An order under this section may be revoked at any time by a subsequent order made thereunder by the rural district council, or may be so varied either so as to exclude any land from the operation of the order or so as to introduce any exception, or further exception, from the prohibition imposed by the order.

(6) Where the whole or a part of any land with respect to which an order under this section is in force ceases to be land to which this section applies, the said order shall thereupon cease to have effect with respect to the said land or part; and where an order ceases under this subsection to have effect with respect to a part only of any land, the rural district council shall cause any copy of the order which is displayed on that part of the land with respect to which the order continues in force to be amended accordingly.

(7) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall, subject as therein provided, have effect with respect to orders under this section.

(8) In this section the word "common" includes any land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and any town or village green.

Provision of caravan sites by local authorities

24.—(1) A local authority shall have power within their area to provide sites where caravans may be brought, whether for holidays or other temporary purposes or for use as permanent residences, and to manage the sites or lease them to some other person.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local authority shall have power to do anything appearing to them desirable in connection with the provision of such sites, and in particular—

(a) to acquire land which is in use as a caravan site, or which has been laid out as a caravan site, or ib) to provide for the use of those occupying caravan sites any services or facilities for their health or convenience; and in exercising their powers under this section the local authority shall have regard to any standards which may have been specified by the Minister under subsection (6) of section five of this Act

(3) The local authority shall make in respect of the use of sites managed by them, and of any services or facilities provided or made available under this section, such reasonable charges as they may determine.

1960

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development Actt 1960

Ch. 62

939

(4) A local authority may make available the services and facilities provided under this section for those who do not normally reside in the area of the local authority as freely as for those who do.

(5) A local authority shall, in the performance of their functions under this section, have power, where it appears to them that a caravan site or an additional caravan site is needed in their area, or that land which is in use as a caravan site should in the interests of the users of caravans be taken over by the local authority, to acquire land, or any interest in land, compulsorily.

(6) The power of a local authority under the last foregoing subsection to acquire land, or any interest in land, compulsorily shall be exercisable in any particular case on their being authorised to do so by the Minister, and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, shall have effect in relation to the acquisition of land, or any interest in land, under the said subsection as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.

(7) A local authority shall not have power under this section to provide caravans.

(8) In this section the expression " local authority " includes the council of a county and a joint planning board constituted under section four of the Act of 1947 for an area which consists of or includes a National Park as defined by subsection (3) of section five of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949, or any part of such a National Park.

(9) This section extends to the administrative county of London and the expression "local authority" in this section as so extended includes the council of a metropolitan borough.

Miscellaneous and supplemental

25. —(1) Every local authority shall keep a register of site licences issued in respect of land situated in their area, and every such register shall be open for inspection by the public at all reasonable times.

(2) Where under subsection (2) or subsection (4) of section ten of this Act a local authority endorse on a site licence the name of any person in the circumstances described in those subsections, they shall record his name, and the date entered in the licence, in the register of site licences.

26. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any authorised officer of a local authority shall, on producing, if so required, some duly authenticated document showing his

2 G* 2

Part I

Registers of site licences.

Power of entry of officers of local authorities.

940

Ch. 62

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

Part j authority, have a right at all reasonable hours to enter any land which is used as a caravan site or in respect of which an application for a site licence has been made,—

(a) for the purpose of enabling the local authority to deter-

mine what conditions should be attached to a site licence or whether conditions attached to a site licence should be altered;

(b) for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is, or has

been, on or in connection with the land any contravention of the provisions of this Part of this Act;

(c) for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not circum-

stances exist which would authorise the local authority to take any action, or execute any work, under this Part of this Act;

(d) for the purpose of taking any action, or executing any work, authorised by this Part of this Act to be taken or executed by the local authority:

Provided that admission to any land shall not be demanded as of right unless twenty-four hours notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(2) If it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace—

(a) that admission to any land has been refused, or that

refusal is apprehended, or that the occupier of the land is temporarily absent and the case is one of urgency, or that an application for admission would defeat the object of the entry; and

(b) that there is reasonable ground for entering on the land for any such purpose as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section,

the justice may by warrant under his hand authorise the local authority by any authorised officer to enter the land, if need be by force:

Provided that such a warrant shall not be issued unless the justice is satisfied either that notice of the intention to apply for the warrant has been given to the occupier, or that the occupier is temporarily absent and the case is one of urgency, or that the giving of such notice would defeat the object of the entry.

(3) An authorised officer entering any land by virtue of this section, or of a warrant issued thereunder, may take with him such other persons as may be necessary.

(4) Every warrant granted under this section shall continue in force until the purpose for which the entry is necessary has been satisfied.

(5) A person who wilfully obstructs any person acting in the execution of this section, or of a warrant under this section, shall

Ch. 62

941

1960 Caravan Sites and Control of

Development Act, 1960

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five Part 1 pounds.

27. —(l)The Minister may within the period of two years Power of

beginning with the commencement of this Act by order repeal to

or amend any provision in any local Act passed before the commencement of this Act or in any order or other instrument enactments, made under an Act of Parliament before the commencement of

this Act, where it appears to him that that provision is superseded by or inconsistent with the provisions of this Part of this Act.

(2) Before making an order under this section the Minister shall consult with any local authority, and with the council of any county, in any part of whose area the local Act or instrument is in force.

(3) An order made under this section—

(a) may contain such transitional, supplemental or incidental

provisions as appear to the Minister to be expedient, and

(b) shall be made by statutory instrument

28. The provisions of this Part of this Act relating to site Crown land, licences shall apply to land the occupier of which is not the

Crown notwithstanding that an interest in the land belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or to the Duchy of Cornwall, or belongs to a government department or is held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department.

29. —0) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpretation

requires— of Part

"caravan" means any structure designed or adapted for human habitation which is capable of being moved from one place to another (whether by being towed, or by being transported on a motor vehicle or trailer) and any motor vehicle so designed or adapted, but does not include—

(a) any railway rolling stock which is for the time being on rails forming part of a railway system, or (3) any tent;

" caravan site " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection

(4) of section one of this Act;

" development order " means an order made under section thirteen of the Act of 1947 (under which orders may be made which, in some cases, themselves grant permission for development and, in other cases, provide that permission shall be granted on an application in that behalf);

942 Ch. 62 Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development Act, 1960

Part I " existing site " has the meaning assigned to it by section

thirteen of this Act;

" local authority " means a council of a borough or urban or rural district and the Council of the Isles of Stilly;

" occupier " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section one of this Act and "occupied" and " occupation " shall be construed accordingly;

"site licence" has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section one of this Act;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Housing and Local Government

(2) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the carrying out of works shall include a reference to the planting of trees and shrubs and the carrying out of other operations for preserving or enhancing the amenity of land.

(3) For the purposes of any provision of this Part of this Act relating to the expiration of permission granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 for any use of land, permission granted for the use of land for intermittent periods shall not be regarded as expiring at any time so long as the permission authorises the use of the land for further intermittent periods.

(4) Any reference in this Part of this Act to permission granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 for the use of land as a caravan site shall be taken as a reference to such permission whether or not restricted in any way or subject to any condition or limitation, and any reference in this Part of this Act to such permission shall include a reference to permission deemed to be granted under the said Part III.

(5) In this Part of this Act references to the local planning authority shall, where appropriate, be taken as references to any local authority to whom any of the functions of the local planning authority under Part III of the Act of 1947 have been delegated.

Part repeal of 30.—(1) Section two hundred and sixty-nine of the Public

Health Act, 1936 (which empowers local authorities in England 552" ACT* and Wales, excluding London, to control by means of licences the use of movable dwellings within their areas) shall cease to have effect in relation to caravans; and in subsection (5) of that section, paragraph (ii) thereof (which exempts from the provisions of the said section a movable dwelling belonging to and regularly used by a travelling showman in the course of travelling for the purposes of his business) shall be omitted.

(2) Any condition contained in a licence which, at the commencement of this Act, is held by the occupier of any land under the said section two hundred and sixty-nine shall, until such time as a site licence is issued in respect of that land, continue to have effect as if subsection (I) of this section had not been

1960 Caravan Sites and Control of Ch. 62

Development , 1960

enacted; and, subsection (7) of the said section two hundred and sixty-nine (which imposes penalties for failure to comply with a condition attached to a licence granted under that section) shall apply to any failure on the part of an occupier of land to comply with any condition having effect by virtue of this subsection, not being a condition limiting the number of caravans which may be stationed on the land.

31. Except as otherwise expressly provided, this Part of this Act shall not apply to land in the administrative county of London.

32. —(1) This Part of this Act shall apply to Scotland with the following modifications:—

(a) for any reference to the Minister there shall be sub-

stituted a reference to the Secretary of State;

(b) for any reference to the Act of 1947 there shall be sub-

stituted a reference to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947; and for any reference to any Part or section of the Act of 1947 specified in the first column of the following table there shall be substituted a reference to the Part or section of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, specified in relation thereto in the second column of that table: —

Tablb

Part or section of Act of 1947 Part or section of Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947

Partm Part II

Section twelve Section ten

Section thirteen Section eleven

Section sixteen Section fourteen

Section twenty-three Section twenty-one

Section twenty-six Section twenty-four

(c) for any reference, in relation to any land, to a magistrates* court acting for the petty sessions area in which the land is situated there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the place where the land is situated;

W) any reference in subsection (3) of section one, or in section twelve, of this Act to a licence in relation to land (except in the expression " site licence ") shall be construed as a reference to a grant of any right or permission relating to the land but not amounting to an estate or interest therein;

943

Part I

Exclusion of London from Part 1.

Application of Part I to Scotland.

944

Ch. 62

Part I

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development Act, 1960

(e) in section nine, for subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following subsections:—

" (2) Where a person convicted under this section for failing to comply with a condition attached to a site licence has on two or more previous occasions been convicted thereunder for failing to comply with a condition' attached to that licence, the court before whom he is convicted may, if the court thinks fit, make an order for the revocation of the said site licence.

(2A) The holder of a site licence in respect of which an order is made under the last foregoing subsection may, without prejudice to any other form of appeal under any rule of law, appeal against the order in the same manner as against a conviction; and an order so made shall not come into force—

(a) until the expiration of the period of fourteen days commencing with the date on which the order was made or such longer or extended period so commencing as may be specified by the court either in the said order or subsequently from time to time on application in that behalf by the holder of the site licence; nor

(b) if an appeal against the order or the conviction which gave rise thereto is duly taken within the said period of fourteen days or, as the case may be, any longer or extended period specified under the foregoing paragraph, until the date when that appeal is determined or abandoned or deemed to have been abandoned."

and, in subsection (3), for the reference to a simple contract debt there shall be substituted a reference to a civil debt;

(/) in section sixteen, in subsection (1), paragraph (c) shall be omitted;

ig) in section seventeen, in subsection (2), for the references to sections thirty-six and thirty-seven of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1959, there shall be substituted references respectively to sections thirty-five and thirty-six of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1959;

(h) in section twenty-four—

(i) in subsection (1), the words " within their area " shall be omitted;

(ii) in subsection (6), for the reference to die Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, there shall be substituted a reference to the

1960 Caravan Sites and Control of Ch. 62

Development , 1960

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947; and

(iii) in subsection (8) for the words from " the council of a county" to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " a district council within the meaning of section thirty-nine of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 ";

(f) in section twenty-six, any reference to a justice of the peace shall be construed as including a reference to a sheriff;

(/) in section twenty-seven in subsection (2), the words "and with the council of any county" shall be omitted;

(k) in section twenty-nine—

(i) in subsection (1), for the definition of "local authority" there shall be substituted the following definition: —

" ‘ local authority * means, in relation to a burgh, the town council and, in relation to a county (exclusive of any burgh situated therein), the county council; " and the definition of "the Minister" shall be omitted;

(ii) subsection (5) shall be omitted;

(/) the following sections shall be omitted, that is to say, section twenty-three, section thirty and section thirty-one.

(2) On any appeal to the sheriff under section seven or section eight of this Act as modified by this section—

(a) the procedure (including rules as to expenses) shall be

such as the Court of Session may by act of sederunt determine; and

(b) the decision of the sheriff shall be binding on all parties and shall be final:

Provided that the sheriff may at any stage of the proceedings on the appeal, and shall if so directed by the Court of Session, state a case for the decision of that Court on any question of law arising in connection with the appeal; and an appeal to the House of Lords shall lie, with the leave of the Court of Session or of the House of Lords, from any such decision of the Court of Session, which leave may be given on such terms as to costs or otherwise as the Court of Session or the House of Lords may determine.

(3) Any reference in subsection (2) of section seven, or subsection (3) of section eight, of this Act to the period during which an appeal is pending shall include a reference to any period

945

Part I

946

Part 1

Appeal to

Minister

against

enforcement

notice.

Ch. 62 Caravan Sites and Control oj 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

during which, by virtue of the proviso to the last foregoing subsection, any proceedings following on that appeal may be taken or are pending.

(4) The power of the Court of Session to make acts of sederunt under subsection (2) of this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply to a statutory instrument containing an act of sederunt so made by the Court in like manner as if the act of sederunt had been made by a Minister of the Crown.

(5) Expenditure incurred by a district council in Scotland under this Act shall not be taken into account in any calculation as to the limit of one shilling per pound imposed on the district council by section two hundred and twenty-six of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Part II

General Control of Development

53.—(1) A person on whom an enforcement notice is served under section twenty-three of the Act of 1947, or any other person having an interest in the land, may at any time within the period specified in the enforcement notice as the period at the expiration of which it is to take effect, appeal to the Minister against the enforcement notice on any of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that permission ought to be granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 for the development to which the enforcement notice relates, or (b)that permission has been granted under the said Part III

for the development to which the enforcement notice relates, or

(c) that no permission was required under the said Part m

in respect of the development to which the enforcement notice relates, or, as the case may be, that the conditions or limitations subject to which such permission was granted have been complied with, or

() that what is assumed in the enforcement notice to be

development did not constitute or involve development for the purposes of the said Part III, or

(e) that the enforcement notice was not served on the owner

or occupier of the land within the relevant period of four years specified in subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the Act of 1947, or (/) that the requirements of the enforcement notice exceed what is necessary for restoring the land to its condition before the development to which the enforcement notice relates took place, or, as the case may be, for securing compliance with the conditions or limitations to which the enforcement notice relates, or

1960

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development , 1960

Ch. 62

947

(g) that the period specified in the enforcement notice as the period within which any steps required by the enforcement notice are to be taken falls short of what should reasonably be allowed.

(2) On an appeal under this section Part III of the Act of 1947 shall have effect as if an application for permission for retention on die land of any buildings or works, or for the continuance of any use of the land, to which the enforcement notice relates had been duly made under the said Part III and referred to the Minister under section fifteen of that Act

The provisions of this subsection shall not be taken as applying sections thirty-six and thirty-seven of the Town and Country Planning Act 1959 (which impose requirements to be complied with before certain applications for planning permission are entertained).

(3) If an appeal is brought under this section the enforcement notice shall be of no effect pending the final determination or withdrawal of the appeal.

(4) An appeal under this section shall be made to the Minister by a written notice which shall indicate the grounds on which the appeal is brought; and on an appeal under this section the Minister shall, if either the appellant or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose.

(5) On an appeal under this section the Minister may correct any informality, defect or error in the enforcement notice if he is satisfied that the informality, defect or error is not a material one.

(6) On the determination of an appeal under this section the Minister shall give directions for giving effect to his determination, including where appropriate directions for quashing the enforcement notice or for varying the terms of the enforcement notice in favour of the appellant.

(7) Subsection (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which authorises a government department holding an inquiry under that section to make orders with respect to the costs of the parties), shall apply in relation to any proceedings before the Minister on an appeal under this Part of this Act as if those proceedings were an inquiry held by the Minister under the said section two hundred and ninety.

(8) The validity of an enforcement notice which has been served under section twenty4hree of the Act of 1947 on the owner and occupier of the land shall not be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever on any erf the grounds specified in paragraphs (b), (c), id) or (e) of subsection (1) of this section except by way of an appeal under this Part of this Act:

Put n

948 Ch. 62 Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2 Development , 1960

Part II Provided that this subsection shall not apply to proceedings brought under subsection (3) of section twenty-four of the Act of 1947 (which makes it an offence to use land in a manner prohibited by an enforcement notice) against a person (other than a person on whom the enforcement notice was served under section twenty-three of the Act of 1947) who has held an interest in the land since before the enforcement notice was so served and who did not appeal against the enforcement notice under this section. (9) In the said section twenty-three, proviso (a) to subsection (3) (which provides that an enforcement notice shall be of no effect pending the determination of an application for planning permission made before the enforcement notice comes into force), and the provisions conferring an appeal to a magistrates’ court against an enforcement notice, shall cease to have effect.

Appeal from Minister to High Court on questions of law. 34.—(1) Where the Minister gives any decision in proceedings on an appeal under this Part of this Act against an enforcement notice the appellant or the local planning authority or any person (other than the appellant) on whom the enforcement notice was served under Part III of the Act of 1947 may, according as rules of court may provide, either appeal to the High Court against the decision on a point of law or require the Minister to state and sign a case for the opinion of the High Court. (2) The Minister may, at any stage of the proceedings on an appeal under this Part of this Act against an enforcement notice, state any question of law arising in the course of the proceedings in the form of a special case for the decision of the High Court, and a decision of the High Court on a case stated by virtue of this subsection shall be deemed to be a judgment of the court within the meaning of section twenty-seven of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which rdates to the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal to hear and determine appeals from any Judgment of the High Court). (3) In relation to any proceedings in the High Court or the Court of Appeal brought by virtue of this section the power to make rules of court shall include power to make rules— (a) prescribing the powers of the High Court or the Court of Appeal with respect to the remitting of the matter with the opinion or direction of the court for re-hearing and determination by the Minister, and (b) providing for the Minister, either generally or in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the rules, to be treated as a party to any such proceedings and to be entitled to appear and to be heard accordingly. (4) Rules of court relating to such proceedings as aforesaid may provide for excluding so much of subsection (1) of section sixty-three of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation)

1960 Caravan Sites and Control of Ch. 62

Development Act, 1960

Act, 1925, as requires appeals to the High Court to be heard and determined by a Divisional Court, but no appeal to the Court of Appeal shall be brought by virtue of this section except with the leave of the High Court or the Court of Appeal.

35. —(1) Where any person has appealed to the Minister against an enforcement notice under this Part of this Act neither that person nor any other shall be entitled to claim in any other proceedings, being proceedings instituted after the making of the appeal, that the enforcement notice was not served in accordance with the provisions of section one hundred and five of the Act of 1947 on the person who appealed.

(2) At the end of subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the Act of 1947 (which directs that an enforcement notice shall be served on the owner and occupier of the land) there shall be added the words "and may also, if they think fit, serve the notice on any other person having an interest in the land, being an interest which is in their opinion materially affected by the notice ".

36. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where an enforcement notice has been served under Part III of the Act of 1947 on the person who was, when the notice was served on him, the owner of the land to which the enforcement notice relates and within the period specified in the enforcement notice, or within such extended period as the local planning authority may allow, any steps required by the enforcement notice to be taken (other than the discontinuance of any use of land) have not been taken, that person shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2) If a person against whom proceedings are brought under this section has at some dme before the end of the said period specified in the enforcement notice for compliance with the notice (or of such extended period as the local planning authority may allow for compliance with the notice) ceased to be the owner of the land, he shall, upon information duly laid by him and on giving to the prosecution not less than three clear days’ notice of his intention, be entitled to have the person who then became the owner of the land brought before the court in the proceedings.

(3) If, after it has been proved that any steps required by the enforcement notice have not been taken as aforesaid, the original defendant proves that the failure to take the steps was attributable in whole or in part to the default of the said other person, that other person may be convicted of the offence and, if the original defendant further proves that he took all reasonable steps to secure compliance with the enforcement notice, he shall be acquitted of the offence.

949

Part II

Service of

enforcement

notices.

Liability of owner of land for failure to comply with requirements of an enforcement notice other than the discontinuance of a use of land.

950

Part n

Provisions enabling an owner to comply with an enforcement notice.

Discontinuance of enforcement notice on grant of planning permission.

Ch. 62 Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

(4) If after a person is convicted under this section he does not as soon as practicable do everything in his power to secure compliance with the enforcement notice he shall be guilty of a further offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for each day following his first conviction on which any of the requirements of the enforcement notice (other than the discontinuance of any use of land) remain unfulfilled.

(5) In this section the expression "owner", in relation to any land, means a person, other than a mortgagee not in possession, who, whether in his own right or as trustee for any other person, is entitled to receive the rack rent of the land or, where the land is not let at a rack rent, would be so entitled if it were so let

37. The adaptations and modifications subject to which regulations under paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of section twenty-four of the Act of 1947 may apply section two hundred and eighty-nine of the Public Health Act, 1936 (which confers power to apply to a magistrates* court for an order requiring the occupier of any premises to permit works to be executed by the owner of the premises), to enforcement notices may include adaptations and modifications made for the purpose of affording to the owner of land to which an enforcement notice relates the right, as against all other persons interested in the land, to comply with the requirements of the enforcement notice.

38. —(1) If after an enforcement notice has been served under section twenty-three of the Act of 1947 permission for the retention on the land of any buildings or works, or for the continuance of any use of the land, to which the enforcement notice relates is granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 the enforcement notice shall, so far as it requires steps to be taken for the demolition or alteration of those buildings or works or, as the case may be, for the discontinuance of the use, cease to have effect; and if the permission was granted so as to permit the retention of buildings or works or the continuance of any use of land without complying with some condition subject to which a previous permission under the said Part III was granted, the enforcement notice shall cease to have effect so far as it requires steps to be taken for compliance with that condition.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection shall be without prejudice to the liability of any person for an offence in respect of a failure to comply with the enforcement notice before the relevant provision of the enforcement notice ceased to have effect.

(3) In subsection (3) of section twenty-four of the Act of 1947 the words " without the grant of permission in that behalf under this Part of this Act " shall cease to have effect.

1960 Caravan Sites and Control of Ch. 62 951

Development Act, 1960

(4) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply to an enforcement Part ! notice whether served before or after the commencement of this Act, but not in relation to any permission granted under Part III of the Act of 1947 before the commencement of this Act

39. —(1) In subsection (3) of section twenty-four of the Act Increase of of 1947 (which imposes liability to a penalty not exceeding 1*™^ for. fifty pounds for failure to comply with an enforcement notice by continuing the use of land and in certain other circumstances) Qf planning for the words " fifty pounds " there shall be substituted the words control.

" one hundred pounds ".

(2) In subsection (4) of section twenty-six of the said Act (which imposes liability to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for failure to comply with an order under that section) for the words " fifty pounds " there shall be substituted the words " one hundred pounds".

(3) This section shall not apply to an offence committed before the commencement of this Act.

40. —(1) Compliance with an enforcement notice, whether as Repeated

respects— operation of

(a) the demolition or alteration of any buildings or works,

or

(b) the discontinuance of any use of land,

or as respects any other requirements in the enforcement notice, shall not discharge the enforcement notice.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, any requirement in an enforcement notice for the discontinuance of any use of land shall operate as a requirement for the permanent discontinuance of the use to the extent that the use is in contravention of Part III of the Act of 1947, and accordingly the resumption of the use at any time after its discontinuance in compliance with the enforcement notice shall to that extent be in contravention of the enforcement notice.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, if any development is carried out on land by way of reinstating or restoring buildings or works which have been demolished or altered in compliance with an enforcement notice, the enforcement notice shall, notwithstanding that its terms are not apt for the purpose, be deemed to apply in relation to the buildings or works as reinstated or restored as it applied in relation to the buildings or works before they were demolished or altered, and, subject to the provisions of this section, subsections (1) and (2) of section twenty-four of the Act of 1947 (which authorise the local planning authority themselves to take the steps required by an enforcement notice in certain cases) shall apply accordingly.

(4) If at any time after an enforcement notice takes effect any development is carried out on land by way of reinstating or restoring buildings or works which have been demolished or

952

Ch. 62

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development Act, 1960

Part n altered in compliance with the enforcement notice, the local planning authority shall, not less than twenty-eight days before, under subsection (1) of section twenty-four of the Act of 1947, taking any steps required by the enforcement notice for the demolition or alteration of the buildings or works in consequence of the reinstatement or restoration, serve on the owner and occupier of the land a notice of their intention to take those steps.

(5) A person who, without the grant of permission in that behalf under Part III of the Act of 1947, carries out any development on land by way of reinstating or restoring buildings or works which have been demolished or altered in compliance with an enforcement notice shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds; and no person shall be liable under section thirty-six of this Act for failure to take any steps required to be taken by an enforcement notice by way of demolition or alteration of what has been so reinstated or restored.

(6) This section shall apply in relation to an enforcement notice served before the commencement of this Act as well as in relation to one served after the commencement of this Act

Explanation of provisions of 1947 Act relating to planning permission.

41.—(1) It is hereby declared that where permission has been granted under section eighteen of the Act of 1947 for the retention on land of any buildings or works, or for the continuance of any use of land, subject to any condition or limitation, the references in subsections (1) and (2) of section twenty-three of that Act to any conditions or limitations subject to which permission was granted in respect of any development include references to any such condition or limitation.

(2) It is hereby declared that the power conferred by subsection

(1) of the said section eighteen is exercisable not only where development has been carried out without permission or where a previous permission has been granted for a limited period only, but also so as to permit the retention of buildings or works or the continuance of any use of land without complying with some condition subject to which a previous permission under Part III of the Act of 1947 was granted.

(3) It is hereby declared that where—

(a) permission is granted under Part III of the Act of 1947

for development consisting of or including the carrying out of building or other operations subject to a condition that the operations shall be commenced not later than a time specified in the condition, and

(b) any building or other operations are commenced after

the time so specified, the commencement and carrying out of those operations do not constitute development for which that permission was granted.

1960

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development Act, 1960

CH. 62

953

42. —(1) Where a local planning authority submit an order to Part n the Minister for his confirmation under section twenty-six of the Amendments Act of 1947 (under which orders may be made restricting the as to orders use of land or requiring the alteration or removal of buildings under s-26 or works) the power of the Minister to confirm the order subject of Act of 1947 to modifications shall include power to include in the order any

grant of permission for development of the land which might have been included in the order submitted to him, as well as power to modify any provision for the grant of such permission which was so included.

(2) In relation to the power to grant permission to develop land by an order under the said section twenty-six, section eighteen of the Act of 1947 shall apply as if for the reference in subsection (1) of that section to the date of the application for permission there were substituted a reference to the date of submission of the order to the Minister.

43. —(1) In section one hundred and three of the Act of 1947 Additional

(which confers powers of entry for the purposes of that Act) after powers of

subsection (1) there shall be added the following subsection:— ,

° purposes or

"(1a) Any person duly authorised in writing by the control of Minister or by a local planning authority may, at any development reasonable time, enter upon any land as respects which a notice or order has been served or made under Part III of this Act, or under any order or regulations made under Part III of this Act, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the notice or order has been complied with *.

(2) This section shall apply in relation to a notice or order served or made before the commencement of this Act as well as in relation to one served or made after the commencement of this Act.

44. In relation to an enforcement notice served by virtue of Enforcement section seventy-five of the Act of 1947 (which relates to develop- notices under ment contravening planning control carried out before the of Act of coming into force of that Act and during the war period) sub-

section (1) of section thirty-three of this Act shall have effect as if for paragraphs (b) and (c) of that subsection there were substituted the following paragraph:—

" (b) that the works or use to which the enforcement notice relates are not works or a use to which section seventy-five of the Act of 1947 applies ".

45. —(1) The Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect as Notices under regards notices under subsection (8) of section thirty and notices sections 30 under section thirty-three of the Act of 1947 (which relate to of buildings of special interest, and to the proper maintenance of " of 1947’ waste land) and, subject to the provisions of that Schedule,

sections twenty-three and twenty-four of the Act of 1947 shall not apply to such notices.

954

Ch. 62

Part II

Construction of Part II.

Interpretation, transitional provisions and extent.

Repeals.

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply in relation to a notice served before the commencement of this Act.

46. —(1) This Part of this Act shall be construed as one with Part III of the Act of 1947.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, section eighty-seven of the Act of 1947, and in particular paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of that section (which provides that any restrictions and powers imposed and conferred by Part III of the Act of 1947 shall apply to Crown land to the extent of any interest therein for the time being held otherwise than by or on behalf of the Crown), shall apply in relation to this Part of this Act as it applies in relation to Part III of the Act of 1947.

47. —(1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,—

" decision " includes any direction or order and references to the giving of a decision shall be construed accordingly;

" enforcement notice " means a notice served under section twenty-three of the Act of 1947 by a local planning authority or, in accordance with section one hundred of that Act, by the Minister and, in relation to an enforcement notice served by the Minister, references in section thirty-six and section forty of this Act to the local planning authority shall be taken as references to the Minister.

(2) Save as otherwise expressly provided, this Part of this Act shall not apply in relation to an enforcement notice served before the commencement of this Act on the owner and occupier of the land.

(3) This Part of this Act shall not extend to Scotland.

Part III General

48. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enactments specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) The repeals effected by this section in the Act of 1947 shall not apply in relation to any enforcement notice, or any notice under section thirty or section thirty-three of the said Act, served before the commencement of this Act, and shall not affect any orders or regulations in force immediately before the commencement of this Act under section twenty-nine or section thirty-one of the Act of 1947 (under which the provisions of that Act relating to enforcement notices may be applied for the purposes of those sections).

955

1960 Caravan Sites and Control Ch. 62

Development Act, 1960

49. There shall be paid out of monies provided by Parlia- Part II

ment___ Financial.

(a) any administrative expenses incurred by the Ministerprovlslons of Housing and Local Government or the Secretary

of State in consequence of the passing of this Act, and

(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act

in the sums payable out of monies so provided under any other enactment

50. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Caravan Sites and Short title.

Control of Development Act, 1960. interpretation.

(2) In this Act " the Act of 1947 " means the Town and Sramence-

Country Planning Act 1947. ment

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed.

SCHEDULES Section 2.

FIRST SCHEDULE Cases where a Caravan Site Licence is not required Use within curtilage of a dwellinghouse

1. A site licence shall not be required for the use of land as a caravan site if the use is incidental to the enjoyment as such of a dwellinghouse within the curtilage of which the land is situated.

Use by a person travelling with a caravan for one or two nights

2. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Schedule, a site licence shall not be required for the use of land as a caravan site by a person travelling with a caravan who brings the caravan on to the land for a period which includes not more than two nights—

(a) if during that period no other caravan is stationed for the

purposes of human habitation on that land or any adjoining land in the same occupation, and

(b) if, in the period of twelve months ending with the day on which the caravan is brought on to the land, the number of days on which a caravan was stationed anywhere on that land or the said adjoining land for the purposes of human habitation did not exceed twenty-eight

Use of holdings of five acres or more in certain circumstances

3. —(1) Subject to the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Schedule, a site licence shall not be required for the use as a caravan site of land which comprises, together with any adjoining land which is in the same occupation and has not been built on, not less than five acres—

(a) if in (the period of twelve mouths ending with the day on which the land is used as a caravan site die number of days on which a caravan was stationed anywhere on that land or on the said adjoining land for the purposes of human •habitation did not exceed twenty-eight, and

956

Ch. 62

1st Sch.

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

(b) if in the said period of twelve months not more than three caravans were so stationed at any one (time.

(2) The Minister may by older contained in a statutory instrument provide that in any such area as may be specified in the order this paragraph shall have effect subject to the modification—

(a) that for the reference in the foregoing sub-paragraph to five acres there shall be substituted a reference to such smaller acreage as may be specified in the order, or (b) that for the condition specified in head (a) of that sub-paragraph there shall be substituted a condition that the use in question falls between such dates in any year as may be specified in the order,

or subject to modification in both such respects.

(3) The Minister, may make different orders under this paragraph as respects different areas, and an order under this paragraph may be varied by a subsequent order made thereunder.

(4) An order under this paragraph shall come into force on such date as may be specified in the order, being a date not less than three months after the order is made; and the Minister shall publish notice of the order in a local newspaper circulating in the locality affected by the order and in such other ways as appear to him to be expedient for the purpose of drawing the attention of the public to the order.

Sites occupied and supervised by exempted organisations

4. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Schedule, a site licence shall not be required for the use as a caravan site of land which is occupied by an organisation which holds for the time being a certificate of exemption granted under paragraph 12 of this Schedule (hereinafter referred to as an exempted organisation) if the use is for purposes of recreation and is under the supervision of the organisation.

Sites approved by exempted organisations

5. —(1) Subject to the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Schedule, a site licence shall not be required for the use as a caravan site of land as respects which there is in force a certificate issued under this paragraph by an exempted organisation if not more than five caravans are ait the time stationed for the purposes of human habitation on the land to which the certificate relates.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph an exempted organisation may issue as respects any land a certificate stating that the land has been approved by the exempted organisation for use by its members for the purposes of recreation.

(3) The certificate shall be issued to the occupier of the land to which it relates, and the organisation shall send particulars to the Minister of all certificates issued by the organisation under this paragraph.

(4) A certificate issued by an exempted organisation under this paragraph shall specify the date on which it is to come into force and the period for which it is to continue in force, being a period not exceeding one year.

1960

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development , 1960

Ch. 62

957

Meetings organised by exempted organisations

6. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Schedule, a site licence shall not be required for the use of land as a caravan site if the use is under the supervision of an exempted organisation and is in pursuance of arrangements made by that organisation for a meeting for its members fasting not more (than five days.

Agricultural and forestry workers

7. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Schedule, a site licence shall not be required for the use as a caravan site of agricultural land for the accommodation during a particular season of a person or persons employed in farming operations on land in the same occupation.

8. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Schedule, a site licence shall not be required for the use of land as a caravan site for the accommodation during a particular season of a person or persons employed on land in the same occupation, being land used for the purposes of forestry (including afforestation).

Building and engineering sites

9. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Schedule, a site licence shall not be required for the use as a caravan site of land which forms part of, or adjoins, land on which building or engineering operations are being carried out (being operations for the carrying out of which permission under Part in of the Act of 1947 has, if required, been granted) if that use is for the accommodation of a person or persons employed in connection with the said operations.

Travelling showmen

10. —<1> Subject to the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Schedule, a site licence shall not be required for the use of land as a caravan site by a travelling showman who is a member of an organisation of travelling showmen which holds for the time being a certificate granted under this paragraph and who is, at the time, travelling for the purposes of his business or who has taken up winter quarters on the land with his equipment for some period falling between the beginning of October in any year and the end of March in the following year.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph the Minister may grant a certificate to any organisation recognised by him as confining its membership to bona fide travelling showmen; and a certificate so granted may be withdrawn by the Minister at any time.

Sites occupied by licensing authority

11. A site licence shall not 'be required for the use as a caravan site of land occupied by the local authority in whose area the land is situated.

Certification of exempted organisations

12. —(1) For the purposes of paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 of this Schedule the Minister may grant a certificate of exemption to any organisation as to which he is satisfied that its objects include the encouragement or promotion of recreational activities.

(2) A certificate granted under this paragraph may be withdrawn by the Minister at any time.

1st Sch.

958

Ch. 62

1st Sch

Section 23.

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

Power to withdraw certain exemptions

13.—(1) The Minister may on the application of a local authority by order provide that, in relation to such land situated in their area as may be specified in the order, this Schedule shall have effect as if paragraphs 2 to 10, or such one or more of those paragraphs as may be so specified, were omitted from this Schedule.

(2) An order under this paragraph—

(a) shall come into force on such date as may be specified

therein, and

(b) may, on the application of the local authority on whose application it was made, be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder,

and, except in the case of an order the sole effect of which is to revoke in whole or part a previous order, the local authority shall, not less than three months before the order comes into force, cause a notice setting out the effect of the order and the date on which it comes into force to be published in the London Gazette or, if the land is in Scotland, in the Edinburgh Gazette and in a local newspaper circulating in the locality in which the land to which die order relates is situated.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Further Provisions as to Orders Relating to Commons Duty to consult conservators

1. Before making an order under section twenty-three of this Act with respect to land which is or forms part of a common of which conservators have been appointed under any local Act, or under any order made under an Act of Parliament, the rural district council shall consult with the conservators.

Procedure for making orders imposing prohibitions

2. Before making any order under the said section twenty-three, other than an order the sole effect of which is to revoke or vary a previous order under that section, the rural district council shall publish in one or more local newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land is situated a notice—

(a) stating the general effect of the order;

(i b)specifying a place in the said locality where a copy of the draft order may be inspected by any person free of charge at all reasonable hours during a period of twenty-eight days from the date of the first publication of the notice; and

(c) stating that, within the said period, any person may by notice

to the council object to the making of the order.

3. —(1) Not later than the date on which the said notice is first published the rural district council shall serve a copy thereof on every person entitled as lord of the manor or otherwise to the soil of the land:

Provided that where the persons entitled to the soil of the land arc numerous, or cannot after diligent inquiry be ascertained, the Minister may dispense with the service of notices under this sub-paragraph.

1960 Caravan Sites and Control of Ch. 62

Development , 1960

(2) A notice under the foregoing sub-paragraph may be served on any person by sending it in a registered fetter addressed to him at his usual or last known address.

4. —(1) If before the expiration of a period of twenty-eight days beginning with the date of the first publication of a notice under paragraph 2 of this Schedule an objection to the making of the order to which the notice relates is duly made to the rural district council by any person entitled to the soil of the land, and the notice is not subsequently withdrawn, the rural district council shall not proceed with the making of the order.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, the council may, at any time within one year after the expiration of the said period, make an order in the terms of the draft order; but if any objection to the making of the order was duly made within the said period by a person who was not entitled to the soil of the land, and the objection nas not been withdrawn at the date on which the order is made, the order shall not take effect until it is confirmed by the Minister.

(3) Where the council submit an order to the Minister for his confirmation, they shall send to the Minister a copy of every such objection as is referred to in the last foregoing sub-paragraph; and the Minister, after considering every such objection and causing if he thinks fit a local inquiry to be held, may confirm or refuse to confirm the order and, if he confirms it, may do so subject to such modifications (if any) as he may think desirable.

Notice to lord of manor of other orders

5. Where the sole effect of an order under section twenty-three

of this Act is to revoke or vary a previous order under that section (so that paragraphs 2 to 4 of this Schedule do not apply with respect to the making of the order) the rural district council shall serve such notices, and take such other steps, as appear to them to be appropriate for informing the persons entitled to the soil of the land of the effect of the order.

Crown land

6.—(1) Where it is proposed to make an order of the kind described in paragraph 2 of this Schedule with respect to land in which there is a Crown or Duchy interest, and the nature of that interest is such that, but for this paragraph, the person to whom the interest belongs would be entitled under paragraph 3 of this Schedule to a copy of the notice referred to in that paragraph,—

(a) the said paragraph 3 shall have effect as if it required the

copy to be served instead on the appropriate authority; and

(b) sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 of this Schedule shall not

apply in relation to the order, but the council shall not make the order unless and until they have obtained the consent in writing thereto of the appropriate authority.

(2) In this paragraph "Crown or Duchy interest" means an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, or belonging to a government department, or held in trust for Her

959

2nd Sch.

960

Ch. 62

2nd Sch.

Section 45.

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development , 1960

8&9EUZ.2

Majesty for the purposes of a government department; and " the appropriate authority "—

(a) in relation to land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the

Crown and forming part of the Crown Estate, means the Crown Estate Commissioners, and, in relation to any other land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown, means the government department having the management of that land;

(b) in relation to land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, means the Chancellor of the Duchy;

(c) in relation to land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall.

means such person as the Duke of Cornwall, or the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, appoints; and

() in relation to land belonging to a government department or

held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department, means that department; and if any question arises as to what authority is the appropriate authority in relation to any land, that question shall be referred to the Treasury, whose decision shall be final.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Enforcement of Notices under Sections 30 and 33 of Act

of 1947

Part I

Notices relating to listed buildings Preliminary

1. In this Part of this Schedule the expression " notice " means a notice under subsection (8) of section thirty of the Act of 1947.

2. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, a notice shall take effect at the expiration of such period (not being less than twenty-eight days after the service thereof) as may be specified therein.

Right of appeal

3. —(1) A person on whom a notice is served, or any other person having an interest in the building to which the notice relates, may at any time within the period specified in the notice as the period at the expiration of which it is to take effect, appeal to the Minister against the notice on any of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a.) that the works to which the notice relates were not, or were not wholly, works in contravention of subsection (6) of section thirty of the Act of 1947, or

(b) that the requirements of the notice exceed what is necessary for restoring the building to its condition before the works to which the notice relates were carried out, or

(c) that the period specified in the notice as the period within

which any steps required by the notice are to be taken falls short of what should reasonably be allowed, or

() that any of the steps required by the notice to be taken would not serve the purpose of restoring the character of the building to what it was before the works to which the notice relates were carried out, and that, if and so far as

1960 Caravan Sites and Control of Ch. 62

Development Act, 1960

those works constituted the carrying out of development in contravention of Part III of the Act of 1947, permission ought to be granted for the retention of those works.

(2) On an appeal under this paragraph Part in of the Act of 1947 shall have effect as if an application for permission for the development, if any, involved in the works to which the notice relates had been duly made under the said Part III and referred to the Minister under section fifteen of that Act.

The provisions of this sub-paragraph shall not be taken as applying sections thirty-six and thirty-seven of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1959.

(3) If an appeal is brought under this paragraph the notice shall be of no effect pending the final determination or withdrawal of the appeal.

(4) An appeal under this paragraph shall be made to the Minister by a written notice which shall indicate the grounds on which the appeal is brought; and on an appeal under this paragraph the Minister shall, if either the appellant or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose.

(5) On an appeal under this paragraph the Minister may correct any informality, defect or error in the notice if he is satisfied that the informality, defect or error is not a material one.

(6) On the determination of an appeal under this paragraph the Minister shall give directions for giving effect to his determination, including where appropriate directions for quashing the notice or for varying the terms of the notice in favour of the appellant.

(7) Subsection (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933, shall apply in relation to any proceedings before the Minister on an appeal under this paragraph as if those proceedings were an inquiry held by the Minister under die said section two hundred and ninety.

(8) The validity of a notice which has been served under subsection

(8) of the said section thirty on the owner and occupier of the building shall not be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever on the grounds specified in paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph except by way of an appeal under this paragraph.

4.—(1) Where the Minister gives any decision in proceedings on an appeal under this Part of this Schedule against a notice the appellant or the local planning authority or any person (other than the appellant) on whom the notice was served may appeal to the High Court against the decision on a point of law.

(2) The Minister may at any stage of the proceedings on an appeal under this Part of this Schedule against a notice, state any question of law arising in the course of the proceedings in the form of a special case for the decision of the High Court, and a decision of the High Court on a case stated by virtue of this sub-paragraph shall be deemed to be a judgment of the court within the meaning of section twenty-seven of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which relates to the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal to hear and determine appeals from any judgment of the High Court).

2 H

961

3rd Sch.

962

3rd Sch.

Ch. 62 Caravan Sites and Control oj 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development Act, 1960

(3) In relation to any proceedings in the High Court or the Court of Appeal brought by virtue of this paragraph the power to make rules of court shall include power tx> make rules—

(a) prescribing the powers of the High Court or the Court of

Appeal with respect to the remitting of the matter with the opinion or direction of the court for re-hearing and determination by the Minister, and

(b) providing for the Minister, either generally or in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the rules, to be treated as a party to any such proceedings and to be entitled to appear and to be heard accordingly.

(4) Rules of court relating to such proceedings as aforesaid may provide for excluding so much of subsection (1) of section sixty-three of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, as requires appeals to the High Court to be heard and determined by a Divisional Court, but no appeal to the Court of Appeal shall be brought by virtue of this paragraph except with the leave of the High Court or the Court of Appeal.

5. Where any person has appealed to the Minister against a notice under this Part of this Schedule neither that person nor any other shall be entitled to claim in any proceedings, being proceedings instituted after the making of the appeal, that the notice was not served in accordance with the provisions of section one hundred and five of the Act of 1947 on the person who appealed.

Power of local planning authority to act under notice in case of default

6.—(1) If within the period specified in a notice, or within such extended period as the local planning authority may allow, any steps required by the notice to be taken have not been taken, the local planning authority may enter the building and the land held with the building and take those steps, and may recover as a simple contract debt in any court of competent jurisdiction from the person who is then the owner of the land any expenses reasonably incurred by them in that behalf.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the owner or occupier of any building for the purpose of complying with a notice, and any sums paid by the owner of any building under the foregoing sub-paragraph in respect of expenses of the local planning authority in taking steps required to be taken by a notice, shall be deemed to be incurred or paid for the use and at the request of the person who carried out the works to which the notice relates.

Supplemental regulations

7. Subsection (5) of section twenty-four of the Act of 1947 as amended by this Act shall apply as if any reference in that subsection, or in the provisions of this Act amending that subsection, to an enforcement notice included a reference to a notice as defined in this Part of this Schedule.

1960

Ch. 62

963

Caravan Sites and Control oj

Development Act, 1960

Part n 3rd Sch.

Notices relating to Waste Land, etc.

Preliminary

8. In this Part of this Schedule the expression " notice " means a notice under section thirty-three of the Act of 1947.

9. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, a notice shall take effect at the expiration of such period (not being less than twenty-eight days after the service thereof) as may be specified therein.

Right of appeal

10.—(1) A person on whom a notice is served, or any other person having an interest in the land to which the notice relates, may at any time within the period specified in the notice as the period at the expiration of which it is to take effect, appeal to a magistrates* court acting for the petty sessions area in which the land is situated against the notice on any of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the condition of the land to which the notice relates

does not seriously injure the amenity of any part of the area of the local planning authority who served the notice, or of any adjoining area, or

(b) that the condition of the land to which the notice relates is attributable to, and such as results in the ordinary course of events from, the carrying on of operations or a use of land which is not in contravention of Part m of the Act of 1947, or

(c) that the land to which the notice relates does not constitute

a garden, vacant site or other open land in the area of the local planning authority who served the notice, or

() that the requirements of the notice exceed what is necessary

for preventing the condition of the land from seriously injuring the amenity of any part of the area of the said local planning authority, or of any adjoining area, or

(e) that the period specified in the notice as the period within

which any steps required by the notice are to be taken falls short of what should reasonably be allowed.

(2) If an appeal is brought under this paragraph the notice shall be of no effect pending the final determination or withdrawal of the appeal.

(3) On an appeal under this paragraph the magistrates* court may correct any informality, defect or error in the notice if satisfied that the informality, defect or error is not a material one.

(4) On the determination of an appeal under this paragraph the magistrates* court shall give directions for giving effect to their determination, including where appropriate directions for quashing the notice or for varying the terms of the notice in favour of the appellant.

2 H 2

964

3rd£Sch.

Ch. 62 Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development , 1960

(5) Subject to the provisions of paragraph 14 of this Schedule, the validity of a notice which has been served under the said section thirty-three on the owner and occupier of the land shall not be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever on any of the grounds specified in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph except by way of an appeal under this paragraph.

11. An appeal against the decision of a magistrates* court under this Part of this Schedule may be brought to a court of quarter sessions 'by the appellant or the local planning authority.

12. Where any person has appealed against a notice under this Part of this Schedule neither that person nor any other shall be entitled to claim in any proceedings, being proceedings instituted after the making of the appeal, that the notice was not served in accordance with the provisions of section one hundred and five of the Act of 1947 on the person who appealed.

Power of local planning authority to act under notice in case of default

13.—(1) If within the period specified in a notice, or within such extended period as the local planning authority may allow, any steps required by the notice to be taken 'have not been taken, the local planning authority may enter the land and take those steps, and may recover as a simple contract debt in any court of competent jurisdiction from the person who is then the owner of the land any expenses reasonably incurred by them in that behalf.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the owner or occupier of any land for the purpose of complying with a notice, and any sums paid by the owner of any land under the foregoing sub-paragraph in respect of expenses of the local planning authority in taking steps required to be taken by a notice, shall be deemed to be incurred or paid for the use and at the request of the person who caused or permitted the land to come to be in the condition in which it was when the notice was served.

Criminal liability for failure to comply with notice

14.—(1) If, at any time after the expiration of the period within which the steps required by the notice are to be taken any of those steps have not been taken, and any person does anything which has the effect of continuing or aggravating the injury caused by the condition of the land to which the notice relates, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) Sub-paragraph (5) of paragraph 10 of this Schedule shall not apply to proceedings brought under this paragraph against a person on whom the notice was not served, but who has held an interest in the land since before the notice was served on the owner and occupier of the land, if he did not appeal against the notice under this Part of this Schedule.

1960

Ch. 62

965

Caravan Sites and Control of

Development , 1960

Supplemental regulations

15. Subsection (5) of section twenty-four of the Act of 1947 as amended by this Act shall apply as if any reference in that subsection, or in the provisions of this Act amending that subsection, to an enforcement notice included a reference to a notice as defined in this Part of this Schedule.

FOURTH SCHEDULE section 48.

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

26 Geo. 5 and 1 Edw. 8. c. 49.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

The Public Health Act, 1936.

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

In section two hundred and sixty-nine, paragraph (ii) of subsection (5).

In section seventeen, the proviso to subsection (2).

In section twenty-three, in subsection (3), the words " Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection " and the provisos, and the whole of subsections (4) and (5).

In section twenty-four, in subsection (1), the words from " and if that person " to the end of the subsection, and in subsection (3) the words "without the grant of permission in that behalf under this Part of this Act ".

In section thirty, in subsection

(8), the words from "and in relation " to the end of the subsection.

In section thirty-three, in subsection (1), the words " in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act ", and subsection (2).

In section seventy-five, paragraph (b) of subsection (2), and subsection (5).

Ch. 62, 63

Caravan Sites and Control of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Development Act, 1960

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Commons Act, 1899

Law of Property Act, 1925

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act,

62 & 63 Vict. c. 30.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.C.20. 15 A 16 Geo. 5.C.49.

1925.

Local Government Act, 1933 Public Health Act, 1936

.. 23 A24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

.. 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8.

c. 49.

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49. 1946.

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949.

Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952

Town and Country Planning Act, 1959

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1959

10 All Geo. 6. c. 42.

10 All Geo. 6. c. 43. 10 All Geo. 6. c. 51. 10 All Geo. 6. c. 53. 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6.

c. 97.

15 A 16 Geo. 6 and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 53. 7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 70.

CHAPTER 63

Road Traffic and Roads Improvement Act, 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Enforcement and Administration of traffic Laws

Section

1. Punishment without prosecution of offences in connection with lights,

reflectors, obstruction, Ac.

2. Traffic wardens.

Parking Places on Highways where Charges are made

3. Procedure for making designation orders.

4. Designation orders made by Minister without application.

5. Designation orders outside London Traffic Area.

6. Amendments as to proceedings for contraventions of designation

orders.

7. Limitation of right to challenge designation orders in legal proceedings.

London traffic R, Ac.

8. Traffic regulations for London Traffic Area.

9. Powers of Minister in respect of traffic signs, Ac., in London Traffic

Area.

Other Provisions as to parking Accommodation and traffic Regulation in London area and elsewhere

10. Financial provisions in connection with provision of temporary parking

accommodation in London area.

11. Miscellaneous amendments as to local authorities’ parking places and

traffic schemes.

12. Amendment of s. 26 of the Road Traffic Act, 1960.

13. Additional powers of local authorities in connection with provision of

off-street parking places.

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

Ch. 63

967

Section

14. Power of local authorities to authorise others to collect charges for

off-street parking places in return for lump sum payments.

15. Charges for removing and storing vehicles.

16. Disposal of vehicles abandoned on roads or in parking places.

Temporary Provisions for road Improvement in London area

17. Grants for improvements to classified roads in London area.

18. Power to accelerate road improvements in London area.

19. Power of Minister to execute in London area road improvements not

involving widening.

Supplementary

20. Widening of carriageway not to cease to be improvement by reason of

diminution. &c., of footway.

21. Effect of regulations under s. 64 of the Road Traffic Actf 1960.

22. Financial provisions.

23. Interpretation.

24. Minor and consequential amendments of the Road Traffic Act. 1960.

25. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedule—Minor and consequential amendments of the Road Traffic Act, 1960.

CHAPTER 63

An Act to facilitate the enforcement and administration of the law relating to road traffic and to vehicles on roads by providing for the punishment without a prosecution of offences in connection with lights or reflectors on vehicles, or with obstruction, waiting, parking and kindred matters, and for the employment of traffic wardens in aid of the police; to amend the law with respect to parking places, the regulation of traffic and the costs of removing and storing vehicles and to provide for the disposal of abandoned vehicles; to make temporary amendments of the law relating to highways in the metropolitan police district and the City of London; to make provision as to the effect of regulations made or having effect as if made under section sixty-four of the Road Traffic Act, 1960; and for purposes connected with or arising out of the matters aforesaid.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Enforcement and Administration of traffic Laws

1.—(1) This section shall apply to any offence created by or under an enactment and punishable on summary conviction, being an offence committed in respect of a vehicle—

(a) by its being left or parked on a road during the hours of darkness (as defined by the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957) without the lights or reflectors required by law; or

Punishment without prosecution of offences in connection with lights, reflector*, obstruction. Ac.

968

Ch. 63

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

(b) by its obstructing a road, or waiting, or being left or

parked, or being loaded or unloaded, in a road: or

(c) by the non-payment of the charge made at a street

parking place:

Provided that this section shall extend only to such areas as the Secretary of State may by order specify, and he may by order exclude the application of this section to any offence.

(2) Where a constable finds a person on any occasion and has reason to believe that on that occasion he is committing or has committed an offence to which this section applies, he may give him the prescribed notice in writing offering the opportunity of the discharge of any liability to conviction of that offence by payment of a fixed penalty under this section; and no person I shall then be liable to be convicted of that offence if the fixed penalty is paid in accordance with this section before the expiration of the twenty-one days following the date of the notice or such longer period (if any) as may be specified therein or before the date on which proceedings are begun, whichever event last occurs.

(3) Where a person is given a notice under this section in respect of an offence proceedings shall not be taken against any person for that offence by any constable or local authority until the end of the twenty-one days following the date of the notice or such longer period (if any) as may have been specified therein.

(4) In the foregoing subsections " proceedings " means any criminal proceedings in respect of the act or omission constituting the offence specified in the notice under subsection (2), and; " convicted " shall be construed in like manner.

(5) Payment of a fixed penalty under this section shall be made to such justices' clerk (within the meaning of section twenty- 1 seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949) as may be prescribed, and sums paid by way of fixed penalty for any offence shall be treated for the purposes of that section as if they were fines imposed on summary conviction for that offence; and in any proceedings a certificate that payment of a fixed penalty was

or was not made to the prescribed justices* clerk by a date specified in the certificate shall, if the certificate purports to be signed by the justices’ clerk, be sufficient evidence of the facts stated, unless the contrary is proved.

(6) A notice under subsection (2) of this section shall specify the offence alleged, and give such particulars of the offence as are necessary for giving reasonable information of the allegation, and shall state also the period during which, by virtue of subsection (3) of this section, proceedings will not be taken for the offence, the amount of the fixed penalty, and the justices’ clerk to whom and the address at which the fixed penalty may be paid.

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960

Ch. 63

969

(7) Where a constable finds a vehicle on an occasion and has reason to believe that on that occasion there is being or has been committed in respect of it an offence to which this section applies, he may proceed under this section as if he had found a person reasonably believed by him to be committing the offence, and for that purpose a notice affixed to the vehicle shall be deemed to be given to the person liable for that offence.

(8) A notice affixed to a vehicle under subsection (7) of this section shall not be removed or interfered with except by or under the authority of the driver or person in charge of the vehicle or the person liable for the offence in question; and any person contravening this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(9) The fixed penalty for an offence shall be two pounds or one-half the maximum amount of the fine to which a person not previously convicted is liable on summary conviction of the offence, whichever is the less:

Provided that the Secretary of State may by order provide for the fixed penalty to be in any case more or less than two pounds (but not more than one-half the maximum amount of the fine to which a person not previously convicted is liable on summary conviction).

(10) In any proceedings for an offence to which subsection (1) of this section applies no reference shall be made after the conviction of the accused to the giving or affixing of any notice under this section or to the payment or non-payment of a fixed penalty thereunder unless in the course of the proceedings or in some document which is before the court in connection with the proceedings reference has been made by or on behalf of the accused to the giving or affixing of such a notice or, as the case may be, to such a payment or non-payment.

(11) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to any matter incidental to the operation of this section, and in particular—

(a) for prescribing the form of notice under subsection (2),

and the justices’ clerk to whom a fixed penalty is payable; and

(b) for prescribing the duties of justices* clerks, and the

information to be supplied to them.

(12) The power of the Secretary of State to make orders or regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(13) An order of the Secretary of State under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order of the Secretary of State.

2H*

970

Ch. 63

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

8&9EUZ.2

Traffic

wardens.

(14) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) any reference to a justices’ clerk (within the meaning of

section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949) shall be construed as a reference to a clerk of court (within the meaning of the Summary Jurisdictioa (Scotland) Act, 1954);

(b) in subsection (2) the words " before the expiration of the

twenty-one days following the date of the notice or such longer period (if any) as may be specified therein or " and the words " whichever event last occurs " shall be omitted;

(c) in subsection (3) the words " by any constable or local

authority " shall be omitted, and for the words " have been " there shall be substituted the word "be ";

() in subsection (5), for the words " that section " there

shall be substituted the words " determining their destination "; and

(e) paragraph (b) of subsection (11) shall not apply.

2*—(1) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, a police authority in England or Wales may appoint persons to discharge, in aid of the police, functions normally undertaken by the police in connection with the control and regulation of road traffic or with the enforcement of the law relating to road traffic; and persons so appointed shall act under the direction of the chief officer of police, but shall be deemed to be employed by the police authority.

(2) Persons employed under subsection (1) of this section shall j

be known as " traffic wardens ", and a police authority employing traffic wardens for the purposes of that subsection may also I

(subject to subsection (3) of this section) employ them to act, |

under the direction of the chief officer of police, for other purposes connected with the control and regulation of road traffic

or road vehicles; and in particular—

(a) where the police authority provides school crossing

patrols under section forty-seven of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, whether as the appropriate authority or by agreement with the appropriate authority, the traffic wardens may be employed to act as school crossing patrols; and

(b) the police authority may, under arrangements made with

the Minister or a local authority, employ the traffic wardens to act as parking attendants at street parking places provided or controlled by the Minister or local authority.

(3) Traffic wardens shall not be employed to discharge functions other than those prescribed as appropriate for the purpose

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

Ch. 63

971

by order of the Secretory of State, and an order under this subsection may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order of the Secretary of State.

An order under this subsection shall be made by statutory instrument, and—

(a) in the case of an order made before the first day of

October, nineteen hundred and sixty, not being an order authorising the employment of a traffic warden for the purposes of section one of this Act in so far as it relates to a vehicle’s obstructing a road, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament;

(b) in any other case, shall not be made unless a draft

thereof has been laid before, and approved by resolution of, each House of Parliament.

(4) In so far as an order under subsection (3) of this section authorises the employment of traffic wardens for the purposes of section one of this Act references in that section to a constable shall include a traffic warden.

(5) A police authority shall not employ as traffic warden any person who is a constable, but shall take steps to ensure that only persons adequately qualified are appointed traffic wardens, and that traffic wardens are suitably trained before undertaking their duties.

(6) Traffic wardens shall wear such uniform as the Secretary of State may determine, and shall not act as traffic wardens when not in uniform.

(7) Any power to acquire, or authorise the acquisition of, land for the purposes of a police force shall include power to acquire, or authorise the acquisition of, land for the purposes of the functions under this section of the police authority; and any land occupied for the purposes of those functions shall be deemed to be occupied for the purposes of the police force.

(8) Where traffic wardens are employed by a standing joint committee or watch committee, they shall be treated as employed by the committee as constituted from time to time; but the committee’s employment of traffic wardens shall not subject members of the committee to any personal liability under contract or otherwise, and any proceedings by or against the committee in respect of matters arising out of their employment of traffic wardens shall be brought by or against the clerk to the committee or, in the case of a watch committee, town clerk, as representing the committee.

(9) Neither the Local Government Superannuation Acts, 1937 to 1953, nor any local Act scheme within the meaning of those

2 H* 2

972 Ch, 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 . 2

Improvement Act, 1960

Acts shall apply to traffic wardens by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section; but in relation to such traffic wardens employed outside the metropolitan police district as the police authority may determine those Acts (or, if the expenses of the police authority are paid by a local Act authority, the local Act scheme) and any regulations under the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953, shall apply, subject to such adapta* tions, modifications and exceptions as the Minister of Housing and Local Government may by regulations made by statutory instrument prescribe.

No regulations shall be made under this subsection unless a draft has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

(10) The expenses incurred for the purpose of or in connection with the functions under this section of a police authority shall be defrayed, and section three of the Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act, 1950 (which authorises the payment of police grants out of moneys provided by Parliament), shall apply to those expenses, as if those expenses were expenses incurred for the purposes of the police force maintained by the authority; but those expenses shall not be taken into account as relevant expenditure for the purpose of general grants under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1958.

(11) In respect of the employment of traffic wardens in the metropolitan police district—

(a) the functions under this section of the police authority shall be discharged by the commissioner of police of the , metropolis; and

(b) there shall be paid out of the metropolitan police fund : such expenditure incurred for the purposes of this seo-tion as the Secretary of State may direct to be so paid; and

(c) the receiver for the metropolitan police district shall be treated as the employer for the purpose of any proceedings in respect of matters arising out of the employment.

(12) As respects Scotland—

(a) where under section thirteen of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1956, a police authority employs persons to discharge any such functions as are described in subsection (1) of this section those persons shall act under the directions of the chief officer of police and subsections (2) to (6) of this section shall apply as they apply in relation to traffic wardens employed under subsection (1) (but with the omission of any reference to the Minister); and

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

Ch. 63

973

(b) notwithstanding anything contained in the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Acts, 1937 to 1953, traffic wardens shall for the purposes of those Acts be deemed not to be officers; and

(c) expenditure incurred in connection with the employment of traffic wardens shall not be taken into account as relevant expenditure for the purpose of general grants under Part I of the Local Government and Miscellaneous Financial Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1958.

Parking Places on Highways where Charges are made

3. —(1) During - the period of five years beginning with the Procedure for coming into force of this section, the power of the Minister to

make designation orders under section eighty-five of the Road Traffic Act, 1960 (which relates to the provision on highways of parking places where charges are made) may be exercised without previous reference to the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee.

(2) In any case where it appears to the Minister to be expedient so to do having regard to any objections duly made in respect of an application made to him, or proposals made by him, for a designation order, he may, if he thinks fit, make an interim order pursuant to the application or proposals in respect of any one or more of the sites affected or in respect of any part of any of those sites, and postpone for further consideration the making of any further order in pursuance of the application or proposals.

(3) The power of the Minister under paragraph 4 or paragraph 8 of the Tenth Schedule to the said Act to make a designation order with modifications includes power to make an order with additions, exceptions or other modifications of any description; but where the Minister proposes to make the order with modifications which appear to him substantially to affect the character of the order as applied for, or as proposed, he shall, before doing so, take such steps as appear to him to be sufficient and reasonably practicable for informing the local authority and other persons likely to be concerned.

(4) A designation order made on the application of a local authority may be varied or revoked by order of the Minister without such an application; and subsections (3) and (5) of section ninety of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, and Part II of the Tenth Schedule to that Act, shall apply to any such order of the Minister as they apply to an order varying or revoking an order made by him under subsection (5) of section eighty-five of that Act

4. —(1) The power of the Minister to make designation orders Designation under subsection (5) of section eighty-five of the Road Traffic £*5" I?aadc Act I960, shall, during the period of five years beginning with

the coming into force of this section, be exercisable in any case application.

974

Ch. 63

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Designation orders outside London Traffic Area.

where he considers that parking places should be designated under that section at sites in the London area (instead of only where it a/ppears to him that it is expedient, with a view to expen-ment or demonstration, that parking places should be so designated at such sites, and that no application for the designation thereof is forthcoming), but shall cease to be exercisable (except for purposes of the variation or revocation of an order then in force) at the expiration of that period; and subsection (6) of that section (which limits the duration of any order made by the Minister under subsection (5)) is hereby repealed.

(2) During the period beginning with the date on which the order first made under the said subsection (5) takes effect and ending with the end of the financial year next following that in which charges are last made by the Minister for vehicles left in parking places designated under that subsection he may make grants out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the cost of the provision and maintenance in the London area of off-street parking places, whether in the open or under cover; but in exercising his powers under this subsection shall use his best endeavours to secure that at the end of that period the aggregate of the amounts paid by him by way of grants does not exceed the difference between the aggregate of the sums received by him, and the aggregate of the expenses incurred by him, in the provision, operation and maintenance of the parking places in respect of which those charges are made.

(3) Grants may be paid under subsection (2) of this section to any local authority within the meaning of the said section eighty-five or to the council of any county, being an authority or council whose district is wholly or partly comprised in the London area, or to any other person by whom off-street parking places, whether in the open or under cover, are provided.

5.—(1) A designation order made by virtue of subsection (8) or (9) of section eighty-five of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, in respect of highways in any area outside the London Traffic Area may include such provisions—

(i a) for any of the purposes specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (3) of section twenty-six of that Act (which specifies the purposes for which traffic regulations may be made outside that area); or

(6) for authorising the use, without charge (but subject to such, if any, conditions as may be specified in the order), of any part of a road as a parking place for vehicles, or for vehicles of such classes or descriptions as may be specified in the order, as the appropriate Minister considers appropriate in connection with the designation order.

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

Ch. 63

975

(2) A designation order making provision for any of the purposes referred to in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection may revoke or vary any subsisting provision made for any of those purposes under the said section twenty-six; and a person who uses a vehicle, or causes or permits a vehicle to be used, in contravention of any provision of a designation order having effect by virtue of the said paragraph (a) shall be liable, on summary conviction, to the like penalty as that to which he would have been liable had that provision been contained in an order under the said section twenty-six, namely, a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or, on a second or subsequent conviction, not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) In ithe event of a contravention of or non-compliance with a provision of a designation order having effect by virtue of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section the person responsible (as determined in accordance with the order) shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds or, on a second or subsequent conviction, not exceeding ten pounds.

(4) Section eighty-eight of the Road Traffic Act, 1960 (which penalises contraventions of, or failures to comply with, orders relating to parking places), shall not apply to contraventions of, or failures to comply with, any provisions of a designation order having effect by virtue of subsection (1) of this section.

(5) A designation order making such provision as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section may include provision for the removal, from any place authorised by virtue of that paragraph to be used as a parking place, of any vehicle left there in contravention of the order, and for the safe custody of the vehicle.

(6) The Tenth Schedule to the Road Traffic Act, 1960, shall, in relation to a designation order containing any such provisions as are authorised by subsection (1) of this section, have effect as if—

(a) particulars of the roads affected by those provisions were

included amongst the matters which, by virtue of head (a) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 thereof, are required to be stated in the advertisement referred to in that paragraph;

(b) the reference in head (b) of that sub-paragraph to the

parts of the carriageway of any highway comprised in the parking places to be designated included a reference to the said roads.

(7) The appropriate Minister may by order make provision, either in respect of any area outside the London Traffic Area to which subsection (1) of the said section eighty-five applies by

976 Ch. 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Improvement Act, 1960

virtue of subsection (8) or (9) of that section, or generally in respect of all areas in England and Wales outside the London Traffic Area, or in Scotland, to which the said subsection 0) so applies from time to time, for enabling any designation order under the said subsection (1) (and any order which, under section eighty-seven of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, may be made by the appropriate Minister in relation to parking places designated by a designation order) to be made by the local authority, instead of by the appropriate Minister.

(8) An order of the appropriate Minister under subsection (7) of this section may be made subject to such exceptions or conditions as he considers appropriate, and may make such modifications of the provisions of sections eighty-five to ninety of the said Act, of the Tenth Schedule to that Act, and of subsections (1) to (6) of this section, as appear to him to be necessary or expedient for the purposes or in consequence of the order, but shall be so framed as to secure that a local authority thereby empowered to make designation orders shall not make such an order designating parking places on, or otherwise making provision with respect to, a highway for which they are not the highway authority except with the consent in writing of that authority.

(9) The provisions of section ninety of the said Act (which relates, among other things, to orders under subsection (8) or (9) of the said section eighty-five) shall apply to an order of the appropriate Minister under subsection (7) of this section as they apply to an order under subsection (8) or (9) of the said section eighty-five.

(10) In England or Wales, the council of a county borough or county district may institute proceedings for an offence under subsection (3) of this section in connection with a parking place in their area.

Amendments 6.—(1) Where a parking meter relating to the space in which

M . a vehicle is left in a parking place designated by a designation SnSvImtioM orc*er indicates that the period for which payment made for the of designation vehicle by the initial charge has expired, but the local authority orders. by whom the parking place is controlled (or the Minister, if he

controls it) are or is satisfied that that charge was not paid, acceptance by that authority or, as the case may be, the Minister of payment of the excess charge shall be a bar to proceedings for an offence under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section eighty-eight of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, of failing duly to pay the initial charge.

(2) Where a parking meter relating to such a space as aforesaid indicates that the vehicle has been left for longer after the excess

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

Ch. 63

977

charge has been incurred than the time prescribed under subsection (5) of section eighty-seven of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, that shall—

(a) in any proceedings for an offence under paragraph (a) of

subsection (1) of section eighty-eight of that Act of so leaving the vehicle, be evidence that it was so left;

(b) in any proceedings for an offence under that paragraph

of failing duly to pay the excess charge, be evidence that that charge was incurred.

(3) In this section " parking meter ", " initial charge " and " excess charge " have the same meanings as they have for the purposes of sections eighty-five to eighty-nine of the Road Traffic Act, 1960.

7*—(1) If any person desires to question the validity of a Limitation of designation order, or of any provision contained in the order, nybtjp on the ground that it is not within the powers of sections eighty- dcsiSSon five to eighty-seven of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, or on theordereinlegal ground that any requirement of those sections or of the Tenth proceedings. Schedule to that Act or of this Act has not been complied with in relation to the order, he may, within six weeks from the date on which the order is made, make an application for the purpose to the High Court or the Court of Session, as the case may be.

(2) On any application under subsection (1) of this section, the court—

(a) may, by interim order, suspend the operation of the

designation order, or of any provision of that order, either generally or so far as may be necessary for the protection of the interests of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(b) if satisfied that the designation order, or any provision

of that order, is not within the said powers, or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by failure to comply with any of the said requirements, may quash the designation order, or any provision of that order, either generally or so far as may be necessary as aforesaid.

(3) Except as provided by this section, a designation order shall not, either before or after it has been made, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatever.

(4) In relation to a designation order made before the coming into force of this section, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as if references to any provisions of the Road Traffic Act,

1960, included references to the corresponding provisions of the enactments repealed by that Act and as if for the words " the date on which the order is made" there were substituted the words " the coming into force of this section ".

978

Traffic regulations for London Traffic Area.

Ch. 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Improvement , 1960

London traffic Regulations, &c.

8.—(1) During the period of five years beginning with the coming into force of this section, the power of the Minister to make traffic regulations under section thirty-four of the Road Traffic Act, 1960 (which enables him to make regulations for controlling or regulating traffic on roads within the London Traffic Area) may be exercised without previous reference to the London and Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee, and accordingly—

(i a)subsection (5) of that section shall have effect, in relation to regulations made during that period, as if for the words "shall refer" there were substituted the words "may refer"; and

(b) the power of the Minister to hold inquiries under section two hundred and forty-eight of the said Act shall include power to hold an inquiry with respect to any regulations under the said section thirty-four proposed to be made during that period without previous reference to the said Committee.

(2) It is hereby declared that references to traffic in the said section thirty-four (other than references to vehicles or vehicular traffic) include references to foot passengers.

(3) Any definition or description of a class of vehicle or traffic for the purposes of regulations under the said section thirty-four may be framed by reference to any circumstances whatsoever, and accordingly, in subsection (2) of that section, the words from " and, for the purposes " onwards (being words permitting the classification of vehicles and traffic by reference only to certain specified criteria) shall cease to have effect.

(4) Regulations under the said section thirty-four which impose any restriction upon the use by vehicles of streets in the London Traffic Area, or the waiting of vehicles in such streets, may include provision with respect to the issue and display of certificates or other means of identification of vehicles which are excepted from the restriction, whether generally or in particular circumstances or at particular times.

(5) Regulations under the said section thirty-four may also include provision with respect to the issue, display and operation of devices (to be approved either generally or specially by the Minister) for indicating the time at which a vehicle arrived at, and the time at which it ought to leave, any place in a street in which waiting is restricted by the regulations, or one or other of those times, and for treating the indications given by any such device as evidence of such facts and for such purposes as may be prescribed by the regulations.

1960 Road Traffic and Roads Ch. 63 979

Improvement Act, 1960

(6) No appeal shall lie to the Minister from the traffic commissioners—

(a) under subsection (8) of section one hundred and thirty-

five or section one hundred and forty4hree of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, in the case of a decision of those commissioners with respect to a road service licence for a route wholly or partly within the Metropolitan Traffic Area; or

(b) under subsection (4) or subsection <6) of section one hundred and forty-one of that Act, in the case of a decision with respect to the approval of a route for a road service provided wholly or partly within the London special area by the British Transport Commission or an Executive,

if and so far as it is certified by the commissioners that the decision was necessary to secure conformity with traffic regulations in force under section thirty-four of that Act, being regulations prescribing the routes to be followed, or streets which are not to be used, by vehicles affected by the decision, the places in streets where such vehicles may or may not wait, or the stopping (daces for such vehicles.

9.—(1) The Minister may— Powers of

(a) place on or near any road in the London Traffic Area

such traffic signs as he considers necessary, pending traffic dg™ the taking of action by the highway authority in &c., in London pursuance of section fifty-two of the Road Traffic Act, Traffic Area. I960, in connection with any regulations made by him under section thirty-four of that Act;

(b) authorise or require the highway authority for any such

road to place in the carriageway such bollards or other obstructions as he considers appropriate for preventing the passage of vehicles, or vehicles of any class or description, at any point at which their passage (whether in either direction or in one direction only) is prohibited by such regulations as aforesaid, and to maintain or light such obstructions;

(c) give such directions to the highway authority for any

such road with respect to the adjustment, modification or replacement of, or of any part of, the mechanism of traffic signs being light signals controlled by that authority as he considers expedient in the interests of the movement of traffic.

(2) For the purposes of the placing of traffic signs in pursuance of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, the Minister may exercise any powers exercisable by the highway authority in connection with the placing of such signs in

980 Ch. 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Improvement , 1960

pursuance of section fifty-two of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, and may affix the signs to any lamp-post or other structure in the highway, whether or not belonging to that authority.

(3) Section fifty-seven of the Road Traffic Act, 1960 (which confers default powers in respect of certain duties of highway authorities relating to traffic signs) shall apply in relation to any requirement imposed on a highway authority under paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section as it applies in relation to directions given to such an authority under subsection (2) of section fifty-two of that Act.

(4) In this section " traffic sign " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section fifty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, and references in this section to a highway authority include references to any person not being a highway authority who is responsible for the maintenance of a road.

Other Provisions as to parking Accommodation and traffic Regulation in London area and elsewhere

Financial 10.—(1) If the Minister, with a view to relieving traffic con-

provisions in gestion due to special causes of a seasonal or occasional nature, with*provision enters *nto arrangements under which parking accommodation of temporary for vehicles is to be provided temporarily in the London area else-

parking where than on the highway, there shall be paid out of moneys

accommoda- provided by Parliament any expenses incurred by the Minister tion in London un(jer the arrangements in respect of the following matters arca* (including his expenditure in making payments to any other

person in respect of expenses incurred for those matters by that person), that is to say,—

(a) obtaining or making available a site for use as parking

accommodation;

(b) preparing or adapting a site for use as parking accommodation, or restoring it after that use;

(c) controlling and managing the site during its use as

parking accommodation, and meeting any liability arising out of that use or out of anything done in the course of that use.

(2) The Minister or any other government department may make charges under this subsection for the parking of vehicles in any parking accommodation temporarily provided under arrangements made as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section (other than accommodation in respect of which provision for making charges may be made by virtue of section ninety-six of the Road Traffic Act, 1960).

(3) For the purposes of this section parking accommodation provided for a period longer than three months at a time shall not be treated as provided temporarily.

1960 Road Traffic and Roads Ch. 63 981

Improvement Act, 1960

(4) This section shall not apply to any parking accommodation in respect of its use after the end of August, nineteen hundred and sixty-five.

11.—(1) In section eighty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1960 Miscellaneous (which relates to the power of a local authority outside London amendments to provide parking places off the street or, without payment, on the street), the following provisions shall cease to have effect, oar-kina olaces that is to say— and traffic

(u) subsections (4) and (5) (which relate to the steps to be schemes, taken by an authority before giving effect to any proposal, and enable persons aggrieved to appeal to a magistrates’ court or, in Scotland, to the sheriff); and

(b) subsection (7) (which enables a local authority to make

byelaws or regulations as to the use of parking places under the section) and subsection (8) (which applies to regulations certain statutory provisions as to byelaws); and

(c) subsection (10) (which, in England and Wales, applies

for certain purposes of the section the provisions relating to legal proceedings and appeals to quarter sessions in sections six and seven of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907).

(2) A local authority may, as respects any parking place provided by the authority under the said section eighty-one, by order make provision as to the use of the parking place, and in particular as to the vehicles or class or description of vehicles which may be entitled to use it, as to the conditions on which it may be used, as to the charges to be paid in connection with its use (where it is an off-street one) and as to the removal therefrom of a vehicle left there in oontravention of the order, and the safe custody of the vehicle; and any such order may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in like manner.

(3) An order under subsection (2) of this section may provide for a specified apparatus or device to be used as a means to indicate the time at which a vehicle arrived at, and the time at which it ought to leave, a parking place, or one or other of those times, or the charges paid or payable in respect of a vehicle in an off-street parking place, or as a means to collect any such charges, and may make provision regulating the use of any such apparatus or device; but an order shall not provide for the use of any apparatus or device not generally or specially approved for the purpose by the appropriate Minister and, where an order provides for the use of any apparatus or device for collecting charges at an off-street parking place, the local authority shall comply with any directions of the appropriate Minister as to the testing, maintenance and periodical inspection of the apparatus or device.

982

Ch. 63

Road Traffic and Roads 8 . 2

Improvement Act, 1960

(4) In the event of any contravention of, or non-compliance with, a provision of an order under subsection (2) of this section, the person responsible shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds or, on a second or subsequent conviction, not exceeding ten pounds; and where such an order provides for the use of any apparatus or device for collecting charges at an off-street parking place, any person who, with intent to defraud, interferes with the apparatus or device, or operates or attempts to operate it by the insertion of objects other than current coins of the appropriate denomination, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(5) In England or Wales, a local authority may institute proceedings for offences in connection with parking places provided by the authority, being offences under subsection (4) of this section or under subsection (9) of the said section eighty-one (which prohibits plying for hire with a vehicle in a parking place).

(6) An order under subsection (2) of this section may include provision—

(a) for determining the person responsible for any contra-

vention of, or non-compliance with, the order;

(b) for treating the indications given by any apparatus or

device used in pursuance of the order as evidence of such facts and for such purposes as may be provided by the order;

(c) for applying with any appropriate adaptations any of

the provisions of subsections (4) to (6) of section eighty-eight of the Road Traffic Act, 1960 (which contain supplemental provisions in connection with parking meters used under section eighty-five of that Act).

(7) The appropriate Minister may by order made by statutory instrument, after giving notice to the local authority and holding (if he thinks fit) a public inquiry, revoke, vary or amend any order of a local authority under the said section eighty-one or under subsection (2) of this section; and—

(a) a local authority on making any such order shall forth-

with send a copy to the appropriate Minister; and

(b) when such an order of a local authority is revoked,

varied or amended under this subsection, no such order made within twelve months afterwards with respect to the same parking place, or to the use of the same land as a parking place, shall have effect unless confirmed by the appropriate Minister.

1960 Road Traffic and Roads Ch. 63

Improvement , 1960

(8) The following provisions of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, that is to say,—

(a) subsections (4) and (5) of section twenty-six (which

limit the power by a traffic regulation order to prevent or restrict access to premises from a road); and

(b) paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section eighty-one

(which limits the power to establish a street parking place so as to prevent or restrict access to premises from a road, or so as to be a nuisance);

shall not apply to any order made under those sections jointly by the council of a borough or urban district or by a local authority in Scotland and confirmed by the appropriate Minister, if the order is, and is stated to be, made by virtue of this subsection and for the purpose of a general scheme of traffic control in a stated area, nor to an order made under the said Act of 1960 revoking or varying an order so made and confirmed; and any such provision of an order so made and confirmed as has effect by virtue of the said section twenty-six or of an order varying or revoking an order so made and confirmed in so far as the last-mentioned order subsists by virtue of that section may, notwithstanding anything in that section, be made so as to apply to a trunk road.

(9) The appropriate Minister shall not confirm an order made by virtue of subsection (8) of this section, unless he is satisfied that the general scheme of traffic control—

(a) is adequate in point of area; and

(b) takes adequate account of the need for maintaining the

free movement of traffic and of the need for maintaining reasonable access to premises; and

(c) makes provision for street parking places, and for regu-

lating their use with the aid of apparatus or devices approved by him, which is suitable, regard being had to the extent to which off-street parlang places are available in the neighbourhood or their provision is likely to be encouraged by the scheme.

(10) Where the council of a county district (other than a rural district) not having power to make traffic regulation orders under section twenty-six of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, desires to introduce a general scheme of traffic control in the district or part of it, then (without prejudice to any other power of delegation) for the purpose of enabling that council to introduce such a scheme by means of an order made jointly under the said section twenty-six and section eighty-one of that Act there may—

(a) on the application of that council to the county council, be delegated to them by the county council all or any

Ch. 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 Eijz. 2

Improvement , 1960

of the powers exercisable by the county council in relation to the county district under the said section twenty-six, subject to such restrictions (if any) as the county council think fit to impose;

(b) on the application of the first-mentioned council to the Minister, be delegated to (them by him all or any of the powers exercisable by him under the said section twenty-six as respects trunk roads within the county district, subject to such restrictions (if any) as he thinks fit to impose.

(11) An order made by the council of a county district by virtue of the last foregoing subsection may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made by them and confirmed by the Minister, and the provisions which, by virtue of subsection (8) of this section, do not apply to an order made by virtue of the last foregoing subsection shall also not apply to an order made under this subsection.

(12) Subsection (2) of section twenty-seven of the Road Traffic Act, 1960 (which makes provision as to the confirmation of traffic regulation orders of local authorities under section twenty-six of that Act) shall apply in relation to orders falling to be confirmed under this section by the appropriate Minister, and section twenty-nine of that Act (which makes provision as to the making and publication of such traffic regulation orders as aforesaid) shall apply in relation to orders under section eighty-one of that Act or under or by virtue of subsection (2), (10) or (11) of this section, as (in each case) they apply in relation to such traffic regulation orders as aforesaid.

(13) Section eighty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, and this section, so far as they relate to off-street parking places, shall apply to metropolitan borough councils and to the London County Council, as if those councils were local authorities within the meaning of the said section eighty-one, and section eighty-two of that Act (which enables the Minister of Housing and Local Government by order to confer on local authorities in the administrative county of London power to provide parking places) and the reference to that section in subsection (1) of section eight of the Civil Defence Act, 1939, shall cease to have effect:

Provided that the powers conferred on the London County Council by virtue of this subsection shall not be exercised by them in the City of London, nor be exercised by them in any metropolitan borough without the prior consent of the council of that borough.

(14) In section ninety-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1960 (which enables a parish council in England or Wales to provide parking places for bicycles and motor cycles),—

(a) subsections (4) and (5) (which relate to the preliminary procedure, and correspond to subsections (4) and (5)

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Actf 1960

Ch. 63

985

of section eighty-one of that Act) shall cease to have effect; and

(b) in subsection (7) (which enables a parish council to make byelaws, subject to the confirmation of the Secretary of State, as to the use of the parking places) for the reference to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted a reference to the Minister.

(15) In this section " local authority " has the same meaning as in section eighty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, and section two hundred and forty-nine of that Act shall apply to inquiries under subsection (7) of this section as it applies to inquiries under that Act.

(16) Nothing in this Act shall affect the procedure for giving effect to any proposal under section eighty-one or ninety-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, or for making any order, or for making or confirming any byelaws or regulations, under either of those sections, or any power to make or confirm any such byelaws or regulations, or any right of appeal under either of those sections, in any case where notice of the proposal or proposed order, or of the intention to apply for confirmation of the byelaws or regulations, was published before the coming into force of this section; but any byelaws or regulations which are in force by virtue of the said section eighty-one at the coming into force of this section or are afterwards made or confirmed by virtue of this subsection as byelaws or regulations under that section shall have effect as if their provisions had been contained in an order under subsection (2) of this section.

(17) In relation to the administrative county of London (apart from the City of London), any reference in subsection (16) of this section to section eighty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, shall include a reference to that section as applied by virtue of section eighty-two of that Act to any council mentioned in subsection (13) of this section; and anything done by such a council before the commencement of that Act (within the meaning of section two hundred and seventy thereof) which by virtue of that Act is to be taken to have been done by virtue of the said section eighty-one as so applied shall (subject to subsection (16) of this section) have effect as if done under the said section eighty-one by virtue of the said subsection (13).

(18) Nothing in this section shall affect the Restriction of Ribbon Development (Power to provide Parking Places) Order, 1936, so far as it applies to the City of London or apply to any byelaws having effect as respects the City of London by virtue of that Order; and that Order, so far as it so applies, shall have effect by virtue of this subsection.

986 Ch. 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Improvement , 1960

Amendment of 12. In subsection (4) of section twenty-six of the Road s. 26 of the Traffic Act, 1960, the words " if the restriction does not prevent Ac?di960 ° toeing tw unloading for more than six hours in all in any con-* ' secutive period of twenty-four hours " shall cease to have effect

Additional 13.—(l) The power of a local authority under section eighty-

powers of local onc gf the Road Traffic Act, 1960, to provide off-street parking connectm P^aces shall include -power (exercisable in accordance with pro-with provision posals in that behalf made to the appropriate Minister within the of off-street period of five years beginning with the coming into force of this

parking places, section and approved by him) to provide them in buildings used also for other purposes, and to erect or adapt, and to maintain, equip and manage, buildings accordingly; and the authority by whom a parking place is so provided may let on such terms as they think fit parts of the building which are not used for the parking place, and may provide services for the benefit of persons occupying or using those parts, and make such reasonable charges for those services as they may determine.

(2) The appropriate Minister shall not approve proposals submitted to him under the foregoing subsection for the provision of a parking place in a building used also for other purposes unless he is satisfied that the extent to which those purposes will be served by the building is no more than reasonable to ensure the economic operation of the parking place.

(3) Where under subsection (1) of -this section an authority provide an off-street parking place in a building, their power under subsection (14) of the said section eighty-one to let the parking place for use as a parking place shall extend to letting it separately from the rest of the building and to letting the whole or any part of the building with the parking place.

(4) An authority having power under the said section eighty-one to provide off-street parking places may adapt for use as a temporary off-street parking place any land owned by them or under their control, not being, in the case of land so owned, land acquired or appropriated by them for such a parking place.

(5) Land compulsorily acquired by such an authority as aforesaid otherwise than for the provision of an off-street parking place and not appropriated for a purpose other than that for which it was acquired shall not be used by them for the provision of an off-street parking place thereon for a period exceeding twelve months except with the consent of that Minister of the Crown who, at the time when consent is sought, is the Minister concerned with the function for the purposes of which the land was acquired.

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960

Ch. 63

987

(6) An authority having power under the said section eighty-one to provide off-street parking places may on such terms as they think fit—

(a) let land on which they could erect or adapt a building

for the purpose of providing such a parking place with a view to some other person’s doing so; or

(b) arrange with any person for him to provide such a

parking place on any land of which he is the owner or in which he has an interest; and subsections (2) to (7) of section eleven of this Act shall apply in relation to any parking place provided under any such letting or arrangements as if it had been provided by the authority under the said section eighty-one.

(7) An authority providing an off-street parking place under the said section eighty-one shall have power at the parking place to provide and maintain such buildings, facilities and apparatus as they think fit for the storage and sale of fuel and lubricants and supply of air and water for the vehicles, and may let or hire out, on such terms as they think fit, the buildings, facilities or apparatus so provided, but shall not themselves sell or supply fuel or lubricants.

(8) A local authority in Scotland may be authorised by the Secretary of State to purchase compulsorily land for the purposes of the said section eighty-one, and the Acquisition of Land {Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall apply in relation to the compulsory purchase of land under this subsection as if it had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.

(9) The power of an authority to acquire land for the purposes of the said section eighty-one, and the power of the appropriate Minister to authorise them to purchase land compulsorily for those purposes, shall extend to the acquisition or purchase of any interest or right in, over or under land; and accordingly subsection (12) of that section (which empowers a local authority to acquire any such right for the purpose of providing means of entrance and egress from a parking place) shall cease to have effect.

(10) The provisions of this section shall not affect the provisions of any local Act as to the provision of parking places.

14. A local authority (within the meaning of section eighty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1960), the council of a metropolitan borough and the London County Council shall have power, and (notwithstanding anything in that section as originally enacted or in the corresponding provision of the enactments repealed by that Act) shall be deemed always to have had power, to enter into arrangements with any person under which, in consideration of the payment by him to the authority or council of a lump sum, or series of lump sums, he is authorised to collect and

Power of local authorities to authorise others to collect charges for off-street parking places in return for lump sum payments.

988 Ch. 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 Buz. 2

Improvement Act, 1960

retain the charges made in respect of the parking of vehicles in an off-street parking place provided by the authority or council under that section or under that section as applied by virtue of section eighty-two of that Act or under the corresponding provisions of the enactments repealed by that Act.

Charges for removing and storing vehicles.

15.—(1) Where, after the coming into force of this section, a vehicle is removed from a parking place in pursuance of an order under subsection (8) of section eighty-seven of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, a provision of a designation order having effect by virtue of subsection (5) of section five of this Act, or an order under subsection (2) of section eleven thereof, or is, after the coming into force of this section, removed from a road in pursuance of regulations under section forty-three of the said Act of 1960, there shall be payable to the appropriate authority by the prescribed person—

(a) in respect of the removal, the fixed charge; and

(b) in respect of any period during which the vehicle is in the custody of that authority, a charge ascertained by reference to the prescribed scale.

(2) The fixed charge in respect of the removal of a vehicle shall be two pounds or such other sum (whether greater or smaller) as may be prescribed.

(3) In England or Wales, a charge under this section not exceeding twenty pounds may be recovered either as a simple contract debt in any court of competent jurisdiction or summarily as a civil debt and a charge under this section exceeding twenty pounds may be recovered in the former manner.

(4) In this section " appropriate authority "—

(a) in relation to a vehicle removed by a constable, means

the chief officer of the police force to which the constable belongs;

(b) in relation to a vehicle removed by a person acting in

aid of a police force, means the chief officer of that force;

(c) in relation to a vehicle removed by a person other

than as aforesaid from a parking place provided or controlled by a local authority, means that authority;

() in relation to a vehicle removed by a person other than

as aforesaid from a parking place in the London Traffic Area designated under section thirty-four of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, means the local authority (being the council of the county borough or county district, the Common Council of the City of London or the council of the metropolitan borough) within whose area the parking place is situate;

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

Ch. 63

989

(e) in relation to a vehicle removed by a person other than as aforesaid from a road otherwise than from a parking place, means the local authority (being the council of the county borough or county district, the Common Council of the City of London or the council of the metropolitan borough or in Scotland the county council or town council) within whose area is situate the length of road from which the vehicle is removed; and 44 prescribed " means prescribed by order made by the appropriate Minister; and for the purposes of paragraph (c) of this subsection a parking place provided under a letting or arrangements made by a local authority in pursuance of subsection (6) of section thirteen of this Act shall be treated as provided by them.

(5) Any sum recovered under this section by the chief officer of a police force shall be paid into the police fund (as defined in the Police Pensions Act, 1921).

(6) An order made under this section by the appropriate Minister may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order made by him.

(7) The powers conferred by this section on the appropriate Minister to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(8) Subsection (3) of section forty-three of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, shall cease to have effect and, in paragraph (b) of subsection (8) of section eighty-seven of that Act, the words44 and the recovery of the cost of removal and safe custody " shall cease to have effect except in relation to a vehicle removed before the coming into force of this section.

16.—(1) Regulations under section forty-three of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, an order under subsection (8) of section eighty-seven thereof, an order containing a provision having effect by virtue of subsection (5) of section five of this Act or an order under subsection (2) of section eleven thereof may contain provision as respects a vehicle which has been, or could at any time be, removed in pursuance of the regulations or order,—

(a) for authorising the competent authority, if it appears

to them that the vehicle has been abandoned, to sell or otherwise dispose of it;

(b) for authorising the application of the proceeds of a sale

by the competent authority of the vehicle in or towards satisfaction of any costs incurred by them in connection with the disposal thereof or any charge to payment of which they are entitled as regards the vehicle under the last foregoing section;

Disposal of vehicles abandoned on roads or in parking places.

990 Ch. 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Improvement , 1960

(c) for recouping the competent authority any such costs as

aforesaid so far as not satisfied by virtue of the last foregoing paragraph;

() for regulating the disposal of any sums received by the

competent authority on a sale of the vehicle, after deducting any sum applied thereout by virtue of paragraph (b) of this section.

(2) Any such regulations or order as are or is referred to in the foregoing subsection shall be so framed as to secure that a power of disposal conferred thereby shall not be exercisable in the case of a vehicle unless there have been taken by the competent authority such steps and there has elapsed such period (not being less than six weeks) beginning with the taking of the first of them as may be prescribed by the regulations or order, being steps and a period whose respective taking and lapse will, in the opinion of the Minister of the Crown or other the authority making the regulations or order, together suffice for securing adequate opportunity for enabling the vehicle to be claimed.

(3) Different provision may be made under this section with respect to vehicles of different classes or descriptions or with respect to vehicles of the same class or description in different circumstances.

(4) In this section " competent authority ", in relation to a vehicle that has been removed, means the authority who, in relation to it, are (within the meaning of the last foregoing section) the appropriate authority and, in relation to a vehicle that could at any time be removed, either of the two authorities who, if it were then removed, could in relation to it respectively be (within the meaning of that section) the appropriate authority.

Grants for improvements to classified roads in London area.

Temporary Provisions for Road Improvement in London area

17. The powers to make grants for road improvement which are exercisable by the Minister—

(a) in the administrative county of London, under sub-

section (1) of section eight of the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909; and

(b) outside the administrative county of London, under sub-

section (1) of section two hundred and thirty-five of the Highways Act, 1959;

shall, notwithstanding any limitation on the power to make grants in respect of classified roads, extend to classified roads in any part of the London area, so as to enable grants to be made in respect of improvements which are begun between the coming into force of this section and the end of August, nineteen hundred and sixty-five.

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960

Ch. 63

991

18. —(1) Where, with a view to facilitating the movement of traffic, it is proposed to execute works of road improvement in the London area, being works which are of such nature as will involve the closing to vehicular traffic as mentioned in subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Highways Act, 1959, of a part of a highway to which that section applies, the Minister may, if on grounds of urgency he considers it expedient, on the application of the highway authority authorise those works to be begun without being included in the scheme in force under that section or (if they are so included) to be begun otherwise than in accordance with the scheme.

(2) Where the Minister gives authority under the foregoing subsection for the execution of any works of road improvement, then—

(a) he may by order modify in such manner as appears to

him to be expedient the scheme in force under section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Highways Act, 1959, and shall send copies of any such order to any undertakers (within the meaning of that section) so far as the order relates to highways to which the powers of the undertakers extend; and

(b) if the highway authority one month or more before they

begin the works give to any such undertakers a notice containing the like particulars of the proposed works as would be required in a statement under section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Highways Act, 1959, subsections (2) and (3) of section one hundred and thirty-eight of that Act (which restrict the breaking up by undertakers of highways recently closed or narrowed by road works) shall apply as if the undertakers had been sent copies of the proposals under subsection (1) of the said section one hundred and thirty-eight.

(3) Where the London County Council have power to improve a highway but are not the highway authority, this section shall in relation to that highway apply to the London County Council as it applies to the highway authority.

(4) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to works begun after the end of August, nineteen hundred and sixty-five.

19. —(1) Where the Minister, after consultation with a highway authority, is of the opinion that, with a view to facilitating the movement of traffic, it is expedient for works to be executed for the improvement of a highway in the London area, being works which the highway authority could execute and which do not involve the widening of the highway, then,—

(a) the highway authority shall, within three months of being notified of that fact, inform the Minister whether

Power to accelerate road

improvements in London area.

Power of Minister to execute in London area road improvements not involving widening.

Ch. 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Improvement Act, 1960

they are prepared to undertake those works and, if so, within what time; and

(b) if the Minister at the expiration of the said three months is not satisfied that the highway authority will with reasonable despatch undertake those works (or within the said three months is satisfied that they will not), the Minister may execute those works or other works appearing to him to secure the same or an equivalent improvement of the highway.

For the purposes of this subsection it shall not be treated as widening a highway to take into ithe highway land not forming part of it but situated within its outer limits.

(2) Where the Minister executes or proposes to execute works under this section for the improvement of a highway, then for the purpose of or in connection with the execution of those works—

(a) he shall (subject to the following provisions of this

section) have all the powers and rights, and be subject to all the obligations and liabilities, of the highway authority; and

(b) he may exercise of his own motion any powers which,

if the works were executed by the highway authority, he could exercise on their application; and

(c) he may do or require the highway authority to do any-

thing which that authority has power to do in some capacity other than that of highway authority;

but in relation to a highway for which the council of a metropolitan borough is highway authority the exercise of the Minister’s powers under this section shall not be subject to the consent of the London County Council by virtue of section seventy-two of the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862.

(3) Where the Minister executes works under this section far the improvement of a highway, the amount of his expenses in connection therewith as certified by him shall, except in so far as those expenses may be met by any grant made by the Minister, be paid to him on demand by the highway authority, and that authority shall have the like power of raising money required to make any such payment, and the like right to recover the whole or part of any sum paid, as if the expenses of the Minister had been incurred in executing the works as their agent; and where those works were executed to a claimed county road and constitute a reasonable improvement connected with the maintenance thereof, it shall be assumed for the purposes of this

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960

Ch. 63

993

subsection and section two hundred and thirty-seven of the Highways Act, 1959 (which requires a county council to make contributions towards the expenses of the maintenance and improvement of claimed county roads) that the cost of the works had been included in a supplementary estimate submitted by the highway authority to the county council and approved by that council, being an estimate for the financial year in which the works were begun, and that the county council had been satisfied, as mentioned in the proviso to subsection (3) of that section, that they had been properly executed.

(4) Subsection (2) of this section shall not transfer to the Minister in connection with the execution of any works any powers, rights, obligations or liabilities of a highway authority under any enactment to which this subsection applies; but where the Minister proceeds under this section to execute works in a highway, any such enactment shall apply in relation to those works as if the Minister were acting as agent of the highway authority, but so that the highway authority shall comply with any directions of the Minister as to the exercise of their powers and rights under that enactment.

This subsection shall apply to the Public Utilities Street Works Act, 1950, and, in the case of any works, to such other enactments as the Minister may specify for this purpose in a notice given by him to the highway authority.

(5) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, the powers exercisable under this section by the Minister in place of a highway authority shall include any power of that authority to acquire land, or an interest or right in, over or under land; and any land, or any interest or right in, over or under land, acquired by the Minister by virtue of this section shall be acquired in the name and on behalf of the highway authority, and shall vest in that authority accordingly.

(6) A highway authority shall produce to the Minister such documents relating to matters affecting the exercise of his powers under this section, and furnish to him such other information relating to those matters, as he may require in connection with the exercise of those powers or any proposal to exercise them, and so shall the London County Council so far as regards an exercise of those powers in relation to a highway which they have power to improve but for which they are not the highway authority.

(7) The Minister shall not exercise the powers conferred by this section after the end of August, nineteen hundred and sixty-five, except for the purpose of or in connection with the execution of works begun under those powers before the end of that month.

21

994

Widening of carriageway not to cease to be improvement by reason of diminution. &c., of footway.

Effect of regulations under s. 64 of the Road Traffic Act, 1960.

Financial

provisions

Interpretation.

Ch. 63 Road Traffic and Roads 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Improvement , 1960

Supplementary

20. For the purposes of this Act and of any other enactment relating to highways, the widening of the carriageway of a highway shall not be treated as being otherwise than an improvement by reason only of the fact that it involves diminution of, or removal of, a footway thereon.

21. No such provision contained in regulations made or having effect as if made under subsection (1) of section sixty-four of the Road Traffic Act, I960, as imposes or varies requirements with respect to the braking systems with which motor vehicles must be equipped shall be taken, for the purposes of subsection (3) of that section, or of any other provision of the regulations, to be one relating to the construction of vehicles.

22. —(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any expenses incurred under this Act by the Minister

in placing traffic signs on or near roads in the London Traffic Area, in exercising default powers in respect of duties with respect to obstructions or traffic signs or in doing work for the improvement of a highway in the London area;

(b) any increase attributable to subsection (1) of section four of this Act in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under subsection (7) of section ninety of the Road Traffic Act, 1960;

(c) any increase attributable to section twenty of this Act in

the sums payable out of moneys so provided under any other enactment; and

() any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable

out of moneys so provided by way of Rate-deficiency Grant or Exchequer Equalisation Grant under the enactments relating to local government in England and Wales or in Scotland.

(2) There shall be paid into the Exchequer any sums received under or by virtue of this Act by the Minister or any other government department and any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable into the Exchequer under any other enactment.

23. —(1) In this Act—

" the appropriate Minister " means, in relation to England or Wales, the Minister of Transport and, in relation to Scotland, the Secretary of State;

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960

Ch. 63

995

"designation order" means an order designating parking places under section eighty-five of the Road Traffic Act,

1960, and (except where the context otherwise requires) includes an order under section ninety of that Act or section three of this Act varying or revoking such an order;

" die Minister " means the Minister of Transport;

" road " means any highway and any other road to which the public has access, and includes bridges over which a road passes;

"street parking place" and "off-street parking place" refer respectively to parking places on land which does, and on land which does not, form part of a road.

(2) References in this Act to the London area shall be construed as referring to the area composed of the metropolitan police district and the City of London, and references in this Act to the London Traffic Area, the London special area and the Metropolitan Traffic Area shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in the Road Traffic Act, 1960.

(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as referring to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment including, except where the context otherwise requires, this Act

24. The provisions of the Road Traffic Act 1960, specified Minor and in the first column of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect consequential subject to the amendments specified in relation to those provi- ^a^drnfnts of sions respectively in the second column of that Schedule, being Traffic Act, minor amendments or amendments consequential on the fore-1960.

going provisions of this Act.

25. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Road Traffic and Roads Short title.

Improvement Act, 1960. commence-

ment and

(2) This Act, except section eleven, subsections (1) to (7) and extent.

(9) and (10) of section thirteen and section fifteen thereof, shall come into force on the first day of September, nineteen hundred

and sixty; and section eleven of this Act, the said provisions of section thirteen thereof, and section fifteen thereof shall respectively come into force on such day (not being earlier than the first-mentioned day) as the Minister may by order, made by statutory instrument, appoint in relation thereto.

(3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

212

996

Ch. 63

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

Section 24.

SCHEDULE

Minor and consequential Amendments of the Road Traffic Act, 1960

Provision amended and subject matter thereof

Section eighty-one (Power of local authorities outside London to provide parking places).

Amendment

For the word44 street " (wherever occurring) there shall be substituted the word "road", and paragraph (c) of subsection (16) (which defines 44 street *) shall be omitted.

Section eighty-five (Provision on highways of parking places where charges made).

In subsection (5), for the words 44 for the purposes of this section that, with a view to experiment or demonstration, parking places on highways should be designated’* there shall be substituted the words44 that parking places should be designated under this section on highways ", and the words 44 and that no application under tins section for the designation thereof is forthcoming " shall be omitted.

The reference in paragraph (a) of subsection

(9) to the provisions of the Act therein mentioned shall be construed as including references to subsections (2) to (4) of section three of this Act.

Section eighty-six ... In subsection (7), after the words "this (Amount of charges section " there shall be inserted the words

for parking on high- 44 shall, in the case of apparatus installed

ways and method of on or after such day as the Minister may payment). by order appoint, be of such type and

design as may be approved either generally or specially by the Minister, and such apparatus ".

Section eighty-seven ... (General provisions for regulation of parking on highways where charges made).

In subsection (3), after the words 44 by or under the order " there shall be inserted the words 44 the number and dimensions of the spaces to be provided for the leaving of the vehicles in a parking place ", and at the end of the subsection there shall be added the words44 Provided that nothing in this subsection or is section eighty-five of this Act shall be construed as requiring spaces to be provided in pursuance of a designation order of sufficient size to accommodate any particular vehicle ".

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

Gel 63

997

Provision amended

and subject matter

thereof

Section eighty-seven ... (General provisions for regulation of parking on highways where charges made).—cont.

Amendment

For subsection (4), there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

* (4) A designation order may, subject to such conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by the order, exempt any vehicles from the payment of any charge or charges thereunder; and any such order which exempts from the initial charge a vehicle left in a space vacated by another vehicle after the payment of the initial charge in respect of that other vehicle and before the expiration of the period for which that charge was paid may direct that the vehicle so exempted shall be treated as if it had been left, and the initial charge paid in respect of it, at the time when that other vehicle was left".

In subsection (8), in paragraph (6), for the words " vehicles left there in contravention of the provisions of such an order " there shall be substituted the words " any vehicle in respect of which any provision of an order of the Minister (including any such provision as is authorised by paragraph (c) of this subsection) has been contravened or not complied with ".

In subsection (8), in paragraph (c), for the words from " preventing " to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words " prohibiting the insertion in a parking meter relating to the space in which a vehicle is left of any coins additional to those inserted by way of payment of the initial charge in respect of that vehicle ".

In subsection (8), in paragraph (), the words " acquiring (whether by purchase or hiring) and" shall be omitted, and after that subsection there shall be added the following subsection:—

" (9) Any local authority may acquire (whether by purchase or hiring) such parking meters and other apparatus as appear to the authority to be required or likely to be required for the purposes of their functions under the two last foregoing sections ".

Ch. 63

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960

8&9EUZ.2

Provision amended

and subject matter

thereof

Section eighty-eight ... (Offences relating to parking places on highways where charges made).

Section one hundred and fifty-eight (Power to regulate procedure on applications for road service licences, &c.).

Section two hundred and thirty-two.

(Duty to give information as to identity of driver, &c., in certain cases).

Section two hundred and forty-five. (Jurisdiction of courts in Scotland).

Section two hundred and forty-seven. (Destination of fines).

Tenth Schedule

(Procedure for orders designating parking places on highways where charges are made).

Amendment

In subsection (5), for the word "in " (where secondly occurring) there shall be substituted the words " for the purposes of ", and at the end of that subsection there shall be added the words "and (if installed on or after the day appointed under subsection (7) of section eighty-six of this Act) of a type and design approved as mentioned in that subsection

After the word "applications" (where secondly occurring) there shall be inserted the words " or proposals

The reference in paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) to Part I of the Act shall be construed as including references to subsections (2) and (3) of section five, and subsection (4) of section eleven, of this Act

The reference in subsection (1) to offences against the foregoing provisions of the Act shall be construed as including a reference to offences against subsection

(8) of section one, subsections (2) and (3) of section five, and subsection (4) of section eleven, of this Act

The reference in subsection (1) and, as respects Scotland, in subsection (2), to fines imposed in respect of offences under the foregoing provisions of the Act shall be construed as including a reference to fines imposed in respect of offences under subsection (8) of section one, subsections

(2) and (3) of section five, and subsection

(4) of section eleven, of this Act

In paragraph 2 (1) (a), for the words " the whereabouts of the parking places " there shall be substituted the words "the highways in which parking places are ".

In paragraph 2 (1) (h). for the words " the precise location of " there shall be substituted the words " what parts of the carriageway of any highway are comprised in ".

1960

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement , 1960

Ch. 63

999

Provision amended

and subject matter

thereof

Tenth Schedule

(Procedure for orders designating parking places on highways where charges are made)—cont.

Amendment

In paragraph 2 (2), for the words (<take such other steps as appear to the authority reasonably practicable* there shall be substituted the words " post such notices in highways in the neighbourhood as appear to the authority to be sufficient *, and at the end of the sub-paragraph there shall be added the words " and may take such other steps for that purpose as they think fit; and for the purposes of this sub-paragraph a local authority may post notices on any traffic sign, lamp-post or other structure in a highway, whether or not belonging to that authority.’*.

In paragraph 3, in its application to a designation order to be made during the period of five years beginning with the coming into force of section three of this Act, for the words from the beginning to " has expired ’* there shall be substituted the words " The Minister shall take into consideration any objections duly made to the making of the order or may, if he thinks fit,*, and after the word "and * tin the second place where it occurs) there shall be inserted the words " in the case of any such reference *.

In paragraph 6, for the words " take such other steps as appear to the Minister reasonably practicable* there shall be substituted the words " post such notices in highways in the neighbourhood as appear to the Minister to be sufficient *, and at the end of the paragraph there shall be added the words " and may take such other steps for that purpose as he thinks fit; and for the purposes of this paragraph the Minister may post notices on any traffic sign, lamp-post or other structure in a highway, whether or not belonging to him *.

In paragraph 7, in its application to such an order as aforesaid, for the words " then after the period for objecting to the making of the order has expired the Minister shall * there shall be substituted the words "he shall take into consideration any objections duly made to the proposal or may, if he thinks fit,*, and after the word "and *’ (where it first occurs) there shall be inserted the words " in the case of any such reference

1000

Ch. 63

Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Provision amended

and subject matter

thereof

Tenth Schedule

(Procedure for orders designating parking places on highways where charges are made)—cont

Amendment

In paragraph 9, for the words " For the purposes of*’ there shall be substituted the words "Where an application or proposal is referred to the Advisory Committee under

cco

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862 Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907 ... Development and Road Improvement Funds

Act, 1909

Police Pensions Act, 1921

Civil Defence Act, 1939

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

(Scotland) Act, 1947

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act, 1930.. Public Utilities Street Works Act, 1950 Local Government Superannuation Act, 1933.. Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1934 ..

Police (Scotland) Act, 1956

Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957

Local Government Act, 1958

25 & 26 Vict c. 102. 7 Edw. 7. c. 53.

9 Edw. 7. c. 47.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 31.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 31.

10 All Geo. 6. c. 42.

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101. 14 Geo. 6. c. 21.

14 Geo. 6. c. 39.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 51.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

Local Government and Miscellaneous Financial

Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1958

Highways Act, 1959

Road Traffic Act, 1960

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 64.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

1960

Building Societies f 1960

Ch. 64

1001

CHAPTER 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Advances on mortgage to .

Section

1. Restrictions on certain types of advances.

2. Exemptions from restrictions on special advances.

New societies

3. Minimum number of founding members of a building society.

4. Minimum subscription by founding members of a building society.

5. Commencement of advertising by a new society.

Controls exercisable by the Chief Registrar

6. Power to suspend raising of money by building society.

7. Power to control advertising by a building society.

8. Powers of control: supplemental provisions.

9. Special powers as respects small building societies.

10. Contents of advertisements, circulars, etc.

Investments

11. Investment and banking of surplus funds.

12. Power to lend money to other building societies.

Special investigations

13. Inspections and special meetings.

Advances on mortgage

14. Valuation of security.

15. Classes of additional security which may be taken into account.

16. Additional security: guarantees given in pursuance of continuing

arrangements.

17. Advances on security of land subject to a prior mortgage.

18. Advances on second mortgage by building societies in Scotland and

Northern Ireland.

19. Notices to be given where security for advance is taken from a third

party.

20. Sealing of receipts endorsed on mortgages.

Members and depositors

21. Guarantee funds to meet losses by investors in building societies.

22. Power to admit members who are not shareholders.

23. Members or depositors dying intestate.

24. Infant depositors.

25. New investors to be given copies of accounts.

26. Application to Scotland of s. 36 of principal Act.

Register of members

27. Duty to keep register.

Name of building society

28. Power of registrar to disapprove name of building society.

Special resolutions

29. Special resolutions.

30. Duty of building society to include notices of members" special

resolutions in notices of meetings.

31. Cases under existing law in which a special resolution is required.

21*

1002

Ch. 64

Building Societies , 1960

8&9EUZ.2

Meetings

Section

32. Rules to include certain provisions with respect to meetings.

33. Annual general meeting.

34. Length of notice for calling meetings.

35. Persons to whom notice of meetings is to be sent

36. Proxies.

37. Right to demand a poll.

Accounts and audit

38. Keeping of books of account and office management.

39. Revenue and appropriation account and balance sheet AO. General provisions as to contents and form of accounts.

41. Signing of balance sheet.

42. Accounts and auditors* report to be annexed to balance sheet

43. Directors’ report.

44. Right to receive copies of balance sheet and auditors’ and directors’

report.

45. Auditors’ report.

46. Appointment of auditors.

47. Provisions as to resolutions relating to appointment and removal of

auditors.

48. Qualifications of auditors.

49. Commencement of provisions relating to accounts, directors’ report

and audit.

The Annual Return

50. Making of annual return.

51. Auditors’ report on annual return.

Directors and other officers

52. Disclosure by directors of interests in contracts.

53. Notification to registrar of changes in officers of a building society.

54. Disclosure of advances to directors or officers or to companies in which

they are interested.

55. Officers not to take commissions for insurance business connected with

the making of advances.

Unions and transfers of engagements

56. Information to be given on unions and transfers of engagements.

57. Transfers of engagements and unions which involve a building society

of Northern Ireland.

Offences

58. False entries in documents sent to Chief Registrar or registrar.

59. Fraudulent withholding of money.

60. Failure to sell property after foreclosure, etc.

61. Increase of certain other penalties.

62. General penalties for offences.

63. Criminal liability not to attach to unincorporated societies.

64. Time limit for commencement of summary proceedings.

Supplemental

65. Joint shareholders.

66. Form of registers, etc.

67. Regulations with respect to form, Sec., of documents, and fees.

68. Appointment of deputy to act in place of Chief Registrar.

69. Proceedings on a petition by Chief Registrar for winding up a building

society.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1003

Section

70. Meaning of financial year of building society.

71. Provisions as to regulations and orders.

72. Minor and consequential amendments.

73. Interpretation.

74. Expenses.

75. Extension of powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland.

76. Repeals.

77. Citation, construction, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Special terms applying to certain shares.

Second Schedule—Requirements to be met by a new society desiring to advertise.

Third Schedule—List of charges subject to which societies may make advances.

Fourth Schedule—Standard rules for meetings of building societies. Fifth Schedule—Minor and consequential amendments.

Sixth Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to amend the law relating to building societies.

[29th July, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Advances on mortgage to , etc.

1.—(1) In this section the expression " special advance " means an advance made by a building society on the security of freehold or leasehold estate, being—

(a) an advance of any amount to a body corporate, or

(b) an advance of a sum exceeding five thousand pounds, or such other sum as may be prescribed under this section, to a person other than a body corporate, or

(c) an advance of any amount to a person other than a body corporate, being a person who is, after the advance is made to him, indebted to the building society (taking into account the advance in question and all other debts of any description, whether immediately repayable or not) in an amount exceeding five thousand pounds, or such other sum as may be prescribed under this section.

For the purposes of paragraph (c) of this subsection, the amount in which a person is indebted to the building society shall be ascertained both immediately after the making of the advance and also at the end of a period of three months beginning with the date of the advance or (if sooner) at the end of the financial year in which the advance was made; and that paragraph shall not apply to an advance to any person so as to make it a special advance unless either the amount

21*2

Restrictions on certain types of advances.

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, I960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

so ascertained on the first occasion exceeded ten thousand pounds (or, in a year for which references in this subsection to five thousand pounds are to be taken as references to a sum prescribed under this section, twice the amount of that sum) or the amount so ascertained on the second occasion exceeded five thousand pounds (or such other sum as may be prescribed under this section).

(2) A building society shall so conduct its business as to secure that special advances are not made by it except as authorised by this section.

(3) At the end of each financial year a building society shall review the advances made by the building society on the security of freehold or leasehold estate which are outstanding at the end of that year and shall ascertain—

(a) the total amount of those advances which at that tune

has not been repaid to the building society, together with any arrears of interest in respect of those advances, and

(b) the proportion of that amount which is in respect of advances either to any body corporate or to a person who at that time is indebted to the building society (taking into account any kind of debts, whether immediately repayable or not) in an amount exceeding five thousand pounds, or such other sum as may be prescribed under this section.

(4) Subject to the provisions of section two of this Act, if the said proportion does not exceed ten per cent the building society may make special advances in the financial year following that for which the proportion was ascertained but so that the total amount of those advances made in that following financial year does not exceed ten per cent, of the total amount of all advances made by the building society on the security of freehold or leasehold estate during that following financial year.

(5) Subject to the provisions of section two of this Act, if the said proportion exceeds ten per cent, but does not exceed twenty-five per cent, the building society may make special advances in the financial year following that for which the proportion was ascertained but so that the total amount of those advances made in that following financial year does not exceed two and one-half per cent of the total amount of all advances made by the building society on the security of freehold or leasehold estate in that following financial year.

(6) Subject to the provisions of section two of this Act if the said proportion exceeds twenty-five per cent the building society may not make any special advances in the financial

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1005

year following that for which the proportion was ascertained, and may not make in that year any advances as respects which it cannot be ascertained at the time they are made whether they wfli be special advances or not

(7) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) or subsection (5) of this section, a building society which is established after the commencement of this Act shah not make any special advances in the calendar year in which it is established, and shall not make in that year any advances as respects which it cannot be ascertained at the time they are made whether they will be special advances or not.

(8) The Chief Registrar may by an order made with the consent of the Treasury and contained in a statutory instrument prescribe that, in relation to advances made by building societies in any financial year beginning on or after the date of the coming into operation of the order, for the references in subsection (1) and subsection (3) of this section to a sum of five thousand pounds there shall be substituted references to such greater sum as may be specified in 'the order, and the power of making orders under this subsection shall include power to vary or revoke any previous order.

An order shall not be made under this subsection unless a draft of the order has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(9) If a building society does not comply with the requirements of this section, the building society shall be liable on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction to a fine which, on summary conviction, shall not exceed two hundred pounds, and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be liable—

ia) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(6) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

(10) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, if a building society does not comply with the requirements of this section the Chief Registrar may present a petition for the winding up of the building society under the Companies Act, 1948.

(11) For the purposes of this section any transaction to which a building society is a party whereby the mortgagor’s interest under a mortgage securing an advance made by the building society is, subject to the mortgage, transferred from one person to

1006

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, I960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Exemptions

from

restrictions on special advances.

another shall be treated as an advance made by the budding society to that other person of an amount equal to the amount of the mortgage debt remaining unpaid immediately after the transfer, together with any arrears of interest then outstanding.

(12) For the purposes of the application of this section to any advance made jointly to two or more persons, the expression " special advance " shall include such an advance if it would include an advance of like amount made under the like conditions to any one of those persons and paragraph (6) of subsection (3) of this section shall apply to such an advance if that paragraph would apply to an advance of like amount made under the like conditions to any of those persons.

(13) The restrictions imposed by this section shall come into force as respects any building society established before the commencement of tins Act so as to restrict special advances made in the first financial year beginning after the commencement of this Act.

2.—(1) If a building society in any financial year in which it may make special advances up to the limit specified in subsection (4) of section one of this Act, or up to the limit specified in subsection (5) of section one of this Act, makes or proposes to make special advances as defined in that section on the security of freehold or leasehold property which consists wholly or mainly of dwelling-houses or flats which it is proposed to construct, or which are in course of construction or have recently been constructed, and on an application to the Chief Registrar shows to his satisfaction that the dwelling-houses or flats are being or will be made available for renting by tenants, the Chief Registrar may, if he thinks fit, for the purpose of authorising the building society to exceed the said limit by an amount equal to the whole or some proportion of the amount of the advances in respect of which the application is made, grant to the building society permission in writing to make special advances in that financial year in excess of the said limit, but subject to such other limit under the said subsection (4) or the said subsection

(5) as may be specified in the permission for that purpose, and section one of this Act shall have effect accordingly.

The limit specified in the permission may be expressed as a percentage of the total of all advances made by the building society in the year, or in any other manner.

(2) Where the proportion ascertained under paragraph ( of subsection (3) of section one of this Act as at the end of a financial year for a building society exceeds ten per cent, but does not exceed twenty-five per cent, (so that subsection (5) of that section applies in the following financial year) and the building society shows to the satisfaction of the Chief Registrar that that proportion represents in whole or in part advances

1960

Building Societies Act, 1960

Ch. 64

1007

in respect of which an application has at any time been made under the foregoing subsection and by reference to which permission was granted under that subsection, the Chief Registrar may, if he thinks fit, grant to the building society permission in writing to make special advances in the said following financial year in excess of the limit specified in the said subsection

(5), but subject to such other limit under that subsection as may be specified in the permission, and section one of this Act shall have effect accordingly.

The limit specified in the permission may be expressed as a percentage of the total of all advances made by the building society in the year, or in any other manner.

(3) If a building society which proposes to sell any freehold or leasehold estate mortgaged to the building society in exercise of its powers as mortgagee, and to make to the purchaser an advance on the security of that freehold or leasehold estate which will constitute a special advance as defined in section one of this Act, on an application to the Chief Registrar shows to his satisfaction—

(a) that the person entitled to redeem the mortgage is a

body corporate or a person who is indebted to the building society (taking into account the advance secured by the mortgage and all other debts of any description, whether immediately repayable or not) in an amount exceeding five thousand pounds, or such other sum as may be prescribed under section one of this Act for the purposes of subsections (1) and (3) of that section, and

(b) that the amount of the mortgage debt which at the time

of the application has not been repaid to the building society, together with any arrears of interest in respect of the advance secured by the mortgage, exceeds the amount of the advance which the building society proposes to make to the purchaser of the freehold or leasehold estate,

the Chief Registrar may, if he thinks fit, grant to the building society permission in writing to make the special advance to which the application relates; and for the purposes of subsections (4), (5) and (6) of section one of this Act, any special advance for which permission is granted under this subsection shall be left out of account

(4) Subsection (11) of section one of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that section.

1008

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act; 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Minimum

number of founding members of a building society.

Minimum

subscription by founding members of a building society.

New societies

3. The number of persons establishing a building society under section thirteen of the principal Act shall not be less than ten, and in section seventeen of that Act (under which three of those persons must sign copies of the society’s rules for transmission to the registrar) for the word "three " there shall be substituted the word "ten

4. —(1) A building society incorporated after the commencement of this Act shall not commence any business or borrow any money unless there has been produced to the registrar evidence satisfying him that ten of the members of the building society who signed copies of the society’s rules for transmission to the registrar under section seventeen of the principal Act—

(a) have each been issued with shares in the building society

to the value of five hundred pounds on terms which comply with the requirements of the First Schedule to this Act, and

(b) have each paid to the building society in cash for those

shares a sum of five hundred pounds,

and the registrar has issued to the building society his certificate that the requisite evidence has been so produced.

(2) Provisions authorising the building society to issue paid-up shares in accordance with the foregoing subsection shall be included in the rules of the building society of which copies are transmitted to the registrar under the said section seventeen.

(3) If at the expiration of a period of two months beginning with the date on which the building society became a body corporate the requisite evidence has not been produced to the registrar under subsection (1) of this section, the registrar may if he thinks fit cancel the registration of the building society, and the building society shall cease to enjoy the privileges of a society under the enactments relating to building societies.

Notice of the cancellation of registration of the building society shall be published by the registrar in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes and in such other ways as appear to him expedient for informing the public.

(4) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to shares issued in compliance with subsection (1) of this section for the purpose of ensuring that the conditions attaching to the shares are observed until the end of the period of five years beginning with the date on which the registrar issues his certificate to the building society under subsection (1) of this section.

(5) If a building society commences business or borrows any money in contravention of this section, the building society shall

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1009

be liable on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction to a fine which, on summary conviction, shall not exceed two hundred pounds, and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

(6) This section shall not apply to a building society which, before its incorporation, was such an unincorporated society as is mentioned in section seven of the principal Act.

5.—(1) A building society incorporated after the commencement of this Act shall not issue or cause to be issued any advertisement until the registrar has given to the building society permission in writing to commence advertising on an application in writing made in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) An application for permission under this section—

(a) may not be made in the financial year in which the build-

ing society is incorporated or, unless it was incorporated on the first day of any year, in the financial year next following that in which it was incorporated; and

(b) may not be made at any time in any financial year before

the building society has, in accordance with the provisions of this Act sent to the Chief Registrar its annual return (with the auditors* report annexed) for the last preceding financial year, and a copy of the corresponding balance sheet including every document required by law to be annexed or attached thereto.

(3) On an application under this section the Chief Registrar shall grant permission if all the requirements set out in the Second Schedule to this Act are fulfilled as regards the building society making the application.

(4) If a building society contravenes subsection (1) of this section the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this section and if, after any person has been convicted of an offence under this section in respect of an advertisement which is on display in any public place the building society does not take all practicable steps to have the advertisement removed, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of a further offence under this section.

(5) If a building society is guilty of an offence under this section it shall be liable on conviction on indictment or on summary

Commencement of advertising by a new

society.

﻿1010

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Power to suspend raising of money by building society.

Ch. 64

conviction to a fine which, on summary conviction, shall not exceed two hundred pounds, and if an officer of a building society is guilty of an offence under this section he shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

(6) This section shall not apply to a building society which, before its incorporation, was such an unincorporated society as is mentioned in section seven of the principal Act.

Controls exercisable by the Chief Registrar

6.—-U) If with respect to any building society, the Chief Registrar considers it expedient so to do in the interests of persons who have invested or deposited or may invest or deposit money with the building society, he may by an order made with the consent of the Treasury apply subsection (2) of this section to the building society.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, while this subsection applies to a building society, the building society may not—

(a) accept the deposit of or otherwise borrow any money,

or

(b) accept any payment representing the whole or any part

of the amount due by way of subscription for a share in the building society, other than a payment which fell due before the making of the order applying this subsection to the building society.

(3) This section shall not make it unlawful for a building society to borrow from a banking or finance company or from a director or other officer of the building society, if the building society has obtained the consent in writing of the Chief Registrar.

(4) Where at the time when an order is made applying subsection (2) of this section to a building society, a member is under an obligation to make payments to the building society representing instalments of the amount due by way of subscription for a share in the building society, the obligation shall, subject to anything in the rules of the building society or any agreement between the building society, and the member, be suspended as respects each instalment for the period for which the order is in force and, accordingly, if the order is revoked, the sum due shall again become payable by instalments.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1011

Subject to the foregoing provisions of this subsection, any obligation to make any payment which the building society is under this section prohibited from accepting shall be wholly rescinded.

(5) Any order under this section may be revoked by a subsequent order of the Chief Registrar made with the consent of the Treasury.

(6) (a) Not less than fourteen days before making an order applying subsection (2) of this section to any building society, the Chief Registrar shall serve on the building society a notice stating that he proposes to make an order and specifying the considerations which have led him to conclude that it would be in the interests of persons who have invested or deposited or may invest or deposit money with the building society to make the order, and shall also serve on every director of the building society a notice stating that he proposes to make an order.

(b) The Chief Registrar shall consider any representations with respect to the notice made to him by the building society within such period (not being less than fourteen days) from the date on which the building society is served with the notice as the Chief Registrar may allow and, if the building society so requests, afford to the building society an opportunity of being heard by him within that period.

(c) On making ah order applying subsection (2) of this section the Chief Registrar shall serve on the building society, and on every director of the building society, a notice of the making of the order, and shall serve on the building society a notice specifying the considerations which have led him to conclude that it is expedient to make the order in the interests of persons who have invested or deposited or may invest or deposit money with die building society; and the Chief Registrar shall not have power to make an order unless all of those considerations were those, or were among those, which were specified in a notice under paragraph (a) of this subsection.

() A notice under this subsection may be served on a director of a building society by sending it by post to his address, or latest address, as notified to the Chief Registrar or registrar by the building society or the director, and failure to serve a notice under this section on a director shall not affect the validity of an order under this section.

(7) Notice of the making of an order under this section shall be published by the Chief Registrar in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes and in such other ways as appear to him expedient for informing the public.

(8) If a building society contravenes the provisions of subsection (2) of this section it shall be liable on conviction on

1012

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Power to control advertising a building society.

indictment or on summary conviction to a fine which, on summary conviction, shall not exceed two hundred pounds, and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

(9) Where an order is made applying subsection (2) of this section to a building society, it shall be the duty of the building society to make reasonable arrangements for using the funds of the building society to meet applications duly made in accordance with the rules of the budding society by depositors or holders of shares in the building society for repayment of the money deposited or subscribed by them, and if it appears to the Chief Registrar that, where an order made under this section is in force, the building society has been applying an undue proportion of the funds of the building society in making advances in preference to meeting such applications, he may, after giving notice to the building society and affording it an opportunity of making representations, present a petition for the winding up of the building society under the Companies Act, 1948.

(10) References in this section to the amount due by way of subscription for a share in a building society shall not include references to amounts due in respect of a share which represent interest on, or the repayment of, an advance made to the holder of the share.

7*—(1) If with respect to any building society, the Chid Registrar considers it expedient so to do in the interests of persons who may invest or deposit money with the building society, he may with the consent of the Treasury by notice served on the building society give a direction—

(a) prohibiting the issue by the building society of advertise-

ments of all descriptions, or

(b) prohibiting the issue by the building society of advertise-

ments of any description specified in the direction, or

(c) prohibiting the issue by the building society of any

advertisements which are, or are substantially, repetitions of an advertisement which has been issued and which is specified in the direction, or

() requiring the building society to take all practicable steps

to withdraw any advertisement, or any description of advertisement, specified in the direction which is on display in any place, or a direction which contains two or more such prohibitions or requirements.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1013

(2) Directions under this section may be varied or revoked at any time by a subsequent direction under this section.

(3) ((a)Not less than one week before giving a direction under this section (other than a direction revoking a previous direction) with respect to any building society, the Chief Registrar shall serve on the building society a notice stating that he proposes to give the direction and specifying the considerations which have led him to conclude that it would be in the interests of persons who may invest or deposit money with the building society to give the direction, and shall also serve on every director of the building society a notice stating that he proposes to give the direction.

(b) The Chief Registrar shall consider any representations with respect to the notice made to him by the building society within the period of one week from the date on which the building society is served with the notice and, if the building society so requests, afford to the building society an opportunity of being heard by him within that period.

(c) On giving a direction under this section (other than a direction revoking a previous direction) the Chief Registrar shall serve on the building society, and on every director of the building society, a notice of the giving of the direction, and shall serve on the building society a notice specifying the considerations which have led him to conclude that it is expedient to give the direction in the interests of persons who may invest or deposit money with the building society; and the Chief Registrar shall not have power to give a direction under this section unless all of those considerations were those, or were among those, which were specified in a notice under paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(d) A notice under this subsection may be served on a director of a building society by sending it by post to his address, or latest address, as notified to the Chief Registrar or registrar by the building society or the director, and failure to serve a notice under this subsection on a director shall not affect the validity of a direction under this section.

(4) If a building society contravenes a direction under this section it shall be liable on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction to a fine which, on summary conviction, shall not exceed two hundred pounds, and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

1014

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 z. 2

Powers of control: supplemental provisions.

(5) Section eleven of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958 (which authorises the registrar to control the issue of advertisements by building societies), shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to any order in force under that section at the commencement of this Act or the power of revoking such an order.

8.—'(1) The Chief Registrar may at any time serve a notice on a building society, or on any person who has in his possession or under his control any books, accounts, deeds or other documents relating to the business of the building society, requiring the building society or other person to produce to the Chief Registrar such of them as he considers necessary for the exercise of the powers which he has under the two last foregoing sections:

Provided that the Chief Registrar shall not have power to require the production of documents which do not belong to the building society, and which are not deeds relating to property mortgaged to the building society, from a person who is or has been an auditor of the building society or from anyone other than a person who is or has been an officer or servant of the building society.

(2) The Chief Registrar m^y also at any time serve a notice on a building society, or on any person who is or has been an officer or servant of the building society, requiring the building society or other person to furnish him with such information relating to the business of the building society as he consider necessary for the exercise of the powers which he has under the two last foregoing sections, and any such notice may contain a requirement that any information to be furnished in accordance with the notice shall be verified by statutory declaration.

(3) The Chief Registrar may, if he considers it just, direct that all or any of the expenses incurred by him under the foregoing subsections in relation to any building society shall, either wholly or to such extent as he may determine, be defrayed out of the funds of the building society, or by the officers or former officers thereof or any of them; and any sum which any society or other person is required by such a direction to pay shall be a debt to the Chief Registrar from that society or person:

Provided that a building society or officer or former officer of a building society directed to pay any sum under this subsection may appeal to the High Court or, where the building society has its chief office in Scotland, to the Court of Session against the direction on the ground that the sum ought to be defrayed by some other of the persons who may be directed to defray expenses under this subsection, and the court shall have jurisdiction to vary any such direction accordingly.

(4) If a building society fails to comply with the requirements of a notice under this section the building society shall be

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1015

guilty of an offence under this Act and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both; and if any person other than a building society fails to comply with those requirements he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

9.—(1) Where, in the case of a building society the assets of Special which do not exceed one hundred thousand pounds in value, powers as there has in the opinion of the Chief Registrar been a change in the scale or character of the business carried on by the building gocietro. society, or arrangements have in his opinion been made for such a change, and the Chief Registrar considers it expedient so to do in the interests of persons who have invested or deposited or may invest or deposit money in the building society, he may serve a notice on the building society under this section.

(2) The Chief Registrar shall consider any representations made to him within one month from the service of the notice on the building society and, if the building society so requests, afford it an opportunity of being heard by him within that period.

(3) A notice under this section shall state that, unless within such period (being not less than two months) from the service of the notice as may be specified in the notice, there has been produced to the Chief Registrar evidence to his satisfaction—

(a) that the directors of the building society, or, as the case may be, one or more of them, have been issued with shares in the building society on terms which comply with the requirements of the First Schedule to this Act, and

(b) that the value of the shares (taking into account in a case where more than one director has been issued with such shares, the shares issued to all the directors) amounts to five thousand pounds or more, and

(c) that there has been paid to the building society in cash for those shares a sum or sums amounting in all to five thousand pounds or more,

the Chief Registrar proposes to give a direction that the budding society shall not—

(i) issue any shares or lend or borrow any money, or

(ii) issue or cause to be issued any advertisement.

(4) If, at the expiration of the said period specified in the notice, the Chief Registrar has not received evidence to his satisfaction as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and

le

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(c) of the last foregoing subsection he may at any time thereafter give to the building society a direction that, while the direction is in force, the building society shall not—

(a) issue any shares or lend or borrow any money, or

(b) issue or cause to be issued any advertisement, and if, at the end of the period of two months beginning with the date on which he gives the direction, such evidence as aforesaid has not been received by him, he may present a petition for the winding-up of the building society under the Companies Act, 1948.

Not less than one month before presenting a petition under this subsection the Chief Registrar shall give notice of his intention to the building society.

(5) If at any time after the Chief Registrar gives a direction under this section, and before he presents a petition under the last foregoing subsection for the winding-up of the building society, he receives such evidence as aforesaid he shall rescind the direction.

(6) A building society shall have power to issue shares in compliance with this section notwithstanding anything in dr rules of the building society.

(7) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to shares issued in compliance with this section for the purpose of ensuring that the conditions attaching to the shares are observed until the end of the period of five years beginning with the date of the sending of the notice under subsection (1) of this section.

(8) The Chief Registrar shall not serve a notice under this section—

(a) on a building society established after the commence-

ment of this Act at any time within five years from the date on which it was established, or

(b) on a building society established within three years

before the commencement of this Act at any time within three years from the date on which it was established, or

(c) in a case where the directors of a building society have

subscribed for shares in the building society in compliance with a previous notice under this section, at any time within five years from the date on which that previous notice was sent to the building society.

(9) It shall be the duty of every building society the assets of which do not exceed one hundred thousand pounds m value to furnish the Chief Registrar with such information as he may from time to tame require for the purpose of ascertaining whether

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1017

there has been a change in the scale or character of the business carried on by the building society or whether arrangements are being made for such a change and if a building society fails to comply with the requirements of the Chief Registrar under this subsection die building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act

(10) If a building society contravenes a direction under this section it shall be liable on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction to a fine which, on summary conviction, shall not exceed two hundred pounds, and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

10.—<1) The Chief Registrar shall have power with the con- Contents of sent of the Treasury by statutory instrument to make regulations advertisements, with respect to the matter and form of any kinds of communica-arcutor8, ctc' tions which a building society may issue or cause to be issued, and in particular,—

(a) of any kinds of advertisements, or

(b) of any kinds of invitations, whether or not addressed to

particular persons, to invest in or lend money to a building society.

(2) Regulations under this section may in particular—

(a) require that in any specified kinds of advertisements,

or of invitations to invest in or lend money to a building society, there shall be included a statement in the prescribed form concerning the general financial position of the building society or giving any particular information with respect to the affairs of the building society,

(b) require a building society to take the prescribed steps

to withdraw advertisements which are on display in public places and which do not comply with the requirements of the regulations.

(3) Regulations under this section—

(a) may make different provision for different cases, and

(b) may contain such transitional, supplemental and in-

cidental provisions as appear to the Chief Registrar to be desirable.

(4) If a building society contravenes any provision contained in regulations under this section it shall be liable on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction to a fine which, on

1018

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Investment and banking of surplus funds.

summary conviction, shall not exceed two hundred pounds, and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

(5) If an officer or servant of a building society contravenes any provisions contained in regulations under this section he shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two

hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

(6) In this section the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations under this section.

Investments

11.—(1) The manner in which a building society may invest any part of the funds of the building society which are not immediately required for its purposes shall be such as may be prescribed by the Chief Registrar by an order made with the consent of the Treasury and contained in a statutory instrument, and the power of making orders under this subsection shall include power to make an order containing—

(a) provisions authorising the application of funds of the

building society in any form of investment subject to any limitations as to amount, whether by reference to a fixed sum or by reference to a proportion of the total investments of the building society or otherwise, and

(b) provisions varying or repealing a previous order and

such transitional, supplemental and incidental provisions as appear to him necessary or desirable,

and on and after the date of the coming into force of the first order made under this subsection (hereafter in this section referred to as " the prescribed date ") a building society shall not invest any part of the funds of the building society which are not immediately required for its purposes in a manner which is not authorised by an order under this subsection.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a building society shall on and after the prescribed date keep the funds which are not immediately required for its purposes, so far as not invested

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1019

in compliance with the foregoing subsection, on current account with, or otherwise on loan to, a bank which is for the time being authorised under this section to hold the funds of a building society, save only for such funds as are kept in cash in the custody of officers of the building society.

(3) Subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to funds of a building society represented by any investment made by the building society before the prescribed date under—

(a) section twenty-five of the principal Act, as amended by

section seventeen of the Building Societies Act 1894 (which prescribes the manner in which an incorporated building society may invest funds not immediately required), or

(b) section sixteen of the Building Societies Act 1894 (which authorises an incorporated building society to lend money to or invest through a savings bank), or

(c) section thirteen of the Friendly Societies Act 1829

(which as applied by virtue of section four of the Building Societies Act 1836, and section seven of the principal Act prescribes the manner in which an unincorporated building society may invest funds not immediately required),

so long as the building society continues to hold that investment and so long as the building society does not enter into any transaction the effect of which is to alter the terms on which the investment is held.

(4) Where on the prescribed date any of the funds of a building society are on current account with a bank which is not a bank authorised under this section to hold the funds of a building society, or are being kept in any other manner not permitted by subsection (2) of this section, the building society shall not on that account be guilty of an offence under that subsection, but the building society shall take all practicable steps to call in and realise the said funds within the period of three months from the prescribed date, or, if that is not possible, as soon after the end of that period as possible.

(5) Where a bank ceases to be authorised under this section to hold the funds of a building society and any funds on loan to the bank thereupon cease to be kept in a manner permitted by subsection (2) of this section, the building society shall not on that account be gvufay of an offence under that subsection, but the building society shall take all practicable steps to call in and realise the loan within the period of three months from the time when the bank ceased to be so authorised, or, if that is not possible, as soon after the end of that period as possible.

1020 Ch. 64 Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(6) If a building society contravenes subsection (1), subsection

(2), subsection (4) or subsection (5) of this section it shall be liable on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction to a fine which, on summary conviction, shall not exceed two hundred pounds, and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be lia ble—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

(7) For the purposes of this section the Chief Registrar shall by an order made with the consent of the Treasury designate the banks which are authorised to hold the funds of a building society for the purposes of this section; and an order under this subsection—

(a) may be varied by a subsequent order made by the Chief

Registrar with the consent of the Treasury, and

(b) shall be published in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast

Gazettes.

(8) In this section the expression "bank" means a body corporate or partnership carrying on the business of banking, and a trustee savings bank or other savings bank established under any Act of Parliament whether public or local.

Power to lend money to other building societies.

12.—(1) Where it appears to the Chief Registrar that a building society as defined in this Act or a building society of Northern Ireland is in financial difficulties he may, with the consent of the Treasury, authorise any other building society to lend money to that first-mentioned society, and a building society shall have power to aot accordingly.

(2) In this section the expression " building society of Northern Ireland " means a building society which is, or, for the purposes of the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1894, is deemed to be, registered in Northern Ireland, or any such unincorporated society as is mentioned in section seven of the principal Act whose chief office or principal place of business is in Northern Ireland.

Special investigations

inspections 13.—(1) In section five of the Building Societies Act, 1894

and special (which provides for the appointment of an inspector of the affairs mcctings- of a building society or for the calling of a special meeting of a building society in certain circumstances), for the word "registrar " wherever it occurs in that section there shall be substituted the words " Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1021

(2) In subsection (5) of the said section five (which, as amended by subsection (1) of this section, authorises the Chief Registrar to exercise his powers under that section on his own initiative) for the words from " in the following cases " to the end of the section there shall be substituted the following words—

"where the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies is of opinion that an investigation should be held into the affairs of a building society, or that the affairs of a building society call for consideration by a meeting of the members: Provided that the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies shall before exercising those powers inform the building society of the action which he proposes to take, and of the grounds on which he proposes to take the action, and the society shall, within fourteen days of receiving the information, be entitled to give the Chief Registrar an explanatory statement in writing, by way of a reply."

(3) Where the Chief Registrar exercises the powers conferred on him by virtue of subsection (1) or subsection (5) of the said section five to call a special meeting of a building society—

(a) he may give such directions as he thinks fit with respect

to the calling, holding and conduct of the meeting, and

(b) he may appoint a person to be chairman at the meeting.

Any directions given under this subsection shall have effect notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the rules of the building society.

(4) For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that the powers of appointing an inspector and of calling a special meeting under the said section five (in the circumstances described in subsection (1) or subsection (5) of that section) may be exercised on the same occasion as well as on different occasions.

(5) The said section five as amended by this section shall apply to any such unincorporated building society as is mentioned in section seven of the principal Act as it applies to an incorporated building society.

Advances on mortgage

14.—<l) It shall be the duty of every director of a building Valuation society to satisfy himself that the arrangements made for assessing of security, the adequacy of the security to be taken in respect of advances to be made by the society are such as may reasonably be expected to ensure—

(a) that the adequacy of any security to be so taken will be assessed either by the directors of the building society or by a director or other officer of the budding society who is competent to make the assessment, and

1022

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act; 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(6) that there will be made available to every person who is to assess the adequacy of any security to be so taken a report as to the value of, and any matter likely to affect the value of, any freehold or leasehold etfate comprised in the security, being a written report prepared and signed by a competent and prudent person who is experienced in the matters relevant to the determination of the value of the estate and who is not disqualified for reporting thereon by virtue of subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section.

(2) For the purposes of paragraph ( of subsection (1) of this section a person who is a director or the manager or secretary of a building society shall be disqualified for reporting on any freehold or leasehold estate comprised in security to be taken by the building society in respect of any advance:

Provided that during the period of ten years beginning with the commencement of this Act this subsection shall not apply to a person who has been a director or the manager or secretary of the building society at all times since the commencement of this Act, but, after the holding of the first annual general meeting after the end of the year nineteen hundred and sixty, only so long as at that annual general meeting and every following annual general meeting he has been authorised by a special resolution to make reports for the said purposes until the next annual general meeting; and for the purposes of this proviso retirement from office followed by immediate reappointment shall not be regarded as a break in the tenure of office.

(3) For the purposes of paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of this section—

(a) a person to whom a building society has made or under-

taken to make a payment for introducing to the building society an applicant for an advance shall be disqualified for reporting on any freehold or leasehold estate comprised in security to be taken by the building society in respect of any advance to be made to the applicant on that application; and

(b) where an advance is to be made by a building society

following a disposition of freehold or leasehold estate which is comprised in security to be taken for the advance, any person having a financial interest in the disposition of that freehold or leasehold estate, and any person receiving a commission or gift for introducing the parties to the transaction involving that disposition, shall be disqualified for reporting thereon.

(4) Every building society shall cause to be kept records showing with respect to every advance made by the building society after the commencement of this Act on the security of freehold or leasehold estate—

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1023

(a) the value placed upon the estate in the report thereon

under paragraph lb) of subsection (1) of this section, and the name of the person by whom the report was made, and

(b) particulars of any additional security taken by the

building society.

(5) If—

(a) a director of a building society fails to carry out his duty under subsection (1) of this section, or

(b) any person prepares a report on any estate with respect

to which he is disqualified for reporting by virtue of subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section, knowing or having reason to believe that it will be used, or is likely to be used, for the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months; and if any building society fails to comply with subsection (4) of this section, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act

(6) Expressions employed in this section to which meanings are assigned by the Building Societies Act 1939, shall have those meanings in this section.

15. The Chief Registrar shall have power by order made with the consent of the Treasury and contained in a statutory instrument to amend the Schedule to the Building Societies Act 1939 (which gives a list of the classes of additional security which a building society may take into account in determining the amount of an advance which the building society will make to a member), for the purpose of extending the classes of additional security in that list and shall have power to include in an order under this section provisions varying or repealing a previous order and such transitional, supplemental and incidental provisions as appear to him necessary or desirable.

16. In subsection (4) of section two of the Building Societies Act, 1939 (winch provides that where a guarantee given in pursuance of a continuing arrangement is taken as additional security for an advance by a building society, the advance as a whole shall not exoeed ninety-five per cent, of the amount of the purchase price of the property which is the principal security, and the basic advance shall not exceed seventy-five per cent, of that amount), as it applies in relation to any advance made after the commencement of this Act—

Classes of additional security which may be taken into account

Additional

security:

guarantees

given in

pursuance of

continuing

arrangements.

1024

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Advances on security of land subject to a prior mortgage.

Advances on second mortgage by building societies in Scotland and Northern Ireland.

Notices to be given where security for advance is taken from a third party.

(a) foe the words " ninety-five per cent" there shafl be

substituted the words " one hundred per cent", and

(b) for the words "seventy-five per cent" there shall be

substituted the words " eighty per cent"; and section six of the said Act (which prescribes a period within which any advance in respect of which such a guarantee is taken is to be repaid) shall cease to have effect.

17. —(1) Subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Budding Societies Act, 1894 (which prohibits the making of advances on the security of land subject to a prior mortgage), shall not apply so as to prohibit the making by a building society as defined in this Act of an advance on die security of any freehold or leasehold estate by reason of that freehold or leasehold estate being subject to any of the charges listed in the Third Schedule to this Act

(2) The provisions of this section shall have effect as respects any charge listed in the Third Schedule to this Act whether created before or after the commencement of this Act, but shall not apply in relation to any advance made by a building society before the commencement of this Act

(3) This section shall extend to Northern Ireland so as to apply to mortgages of land in Northern Ireland for securing advances by building societies as defined in this Act

18. —<1) Subsection (2) of section thirteen of the Building Societies Act 1894 (which authorises certain societies in Scotland or Northern Ireland to make advances upon second mortgage), shall, so far as it relates to building societies as defined in this Act, cease to have effect.

(2) This section shall not invalidate any mortgage effected by a building society before the commencement of this Act.

(3) This section shall extend to Northern Ireland so as to apply to mortgages of land in Northern Ireland for securing advances by building societies as defined in this Act

19. —(1) Section seven of the Building Societies Act, 1939 (which requires a building society making an advance to a member to give notice to the member if it takes any security for the advance from a third party), shall not apply in relation to an advance made to an individual where the only security taken for the advance from a third party is a guarantee given by an individual, not being a guarantee secured by a charge on any property; and where a notice is required to be given under the said section seven as respects an advance made to an individual, the notice need not refer to any guarantee given by an individual, not being a guarantee secured by a charge on any property.

1960

Building Societies Act, 1960

Ch. 64

1025

(2) This section shall not apply to an advance made by a building society before the commencement of this Act.

20.—(1) In section forty-two of the principal Act (under Sealing of which a mortgage of land given to a building society may be receipts discharged by endorsing a receipt under the seal of the building society countersigned by the secretary or manager) for the words "countersigned by the secretary or manager" there shall be substituted the words " countersigned by any person acting under the authority of the board of directors or committee of management of the society

(2) At the end of the form of receipt in the Schedule to the principal Act for the words " Secretary [or Manager] " there shall be substituted the words " by authority of the board of directors I or committee of management]

(3) This section shall extend to Northern Ireland so as to apply to mortgages of land in Northern Ireland for securing advances by budding societies as defined in this Act

Members and depositors

21. —(1) Subjeot to the provisions of this section, a building Guarantee society, or any two or more building societies, may enter into funds to arrangements with a person carrying on the business of insurance

for the purpose of making funds available to meet losses incurred by persons investing in or lending money to a building society societies, which is a party to the arrangements, and any two or more building societies may enter into any other kind of arrangements for that purpose.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a building society shall have power to make contributions under arrangements made in accordance with this section.

(3) Arrangements under this section may in particular provide for the vesting of a fund in trustees appointed under the arrangements.

(4) Arrangements under this section shall not come into force, and no contributions shall be made thereunder by a building society, until they have been approved by the Chief Registrar, and the Chief Registrar shall not approve arrangements under this section unless they provide that any variation of their terms shall also require the approval of the Chief Registrar.

22. —(1) The rules of a building society may allow a person Power to

to become a member without holding a share in the building admit members society and such of the rules as concern the making of advances who are not to members need not be expressed in terms which treat a member shareholders, to whom an advance is made as being, by reason of the making of the advance, the holder of a share in the building society.

2 K

1026

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Members or depositors dying intestate.

infant

depositors.

New investors to be given copies of accounts.

(2) The liability of a member to whom an advance is made under rules made in pursuance of the foregoing subsection shall be no greater than it would be if the rules treated the member as being, by reason of the making of the advance, the holder of a share in the building society.

23. —(1) In section twenty-nine of the principal Act (which authorises a building society, where a member or depositor with a sum of fifty pounds or less in the funds of the building society dies intestate, to pay out the sum without requiring letters of administration to be taken out) for the words " fifty pounds " there shall be substituted the words " one hundred pounds

(2) In the said section twenty-nine for the reference to the Statutes of Distribution there shall be substituted a reference to the law for the time being in force in England and Wales or, as the case may be, in Scotland, with respect to the distribution of the estate of a person dying intestate.

(3) Section thirty of the principal Act (which contains provisions relating to the devolution of real estate on a death which are obsolete) shall cease to have effeot.

(4) This section shall have effect as respects persons dying after the commencement of this Act.

24. Any receipt or acknowledgment given to a building society by a person under the age of twenty-one years in respect of the payment to him of any sum due in respect of principal or interest on sums lent by him to the building society shall not be invalid on the ground that he is under the said age.

25. —(1) On a person first becoming a depositor or a subscriber for shares in a building society, he shall be given by the building society a copy of the latest revenue and appropriation account and balance sheet of the building society (together with a copy of the auditors* report and of the directors’ report).

(2) For the purposes of this section any subscription for shares to a value of less than one pound made in order that the subscriber shall qualify as a person to whom the building society may make advances shall be disregarded.

(3) If a building society fails to comply with this section, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act:

Provided that it shall be a defence on a prosecution under this subsection to prove that the building society had taken reasonable steps to make arrangements to comply with this section, and that the offence was due to inadvertence or exceptional circumstances.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1027

(4) This section shall come into force as respects any building society established before the commencement of this Act on the date on which the building society holds its first annual general meeting in pursuance of this Act

26. Section thirty-six of the principal Act (which relates to Application the statement of a case on a dispute between a building society to Scotland and its members) shall have effect and shall be deemed always of.s- . to have had effect in its application to Scotland as if for the pnnapal reference therein to the Supreme Court of Judicature there were substituted a reference to the Court of Session.

Register of members

27.—(1) Every building society shall maintain a register of Duty to keep the names and addresses of the members of the building society.register-

(2) The said register shall be kept at the chief office of the building society except that the building society may. with the consent in writing of the registrar, keep the register, or parts of the register, at one or some of its other offices.

(3) At any time—

(a) when an order is in force as respects a building society

under section six of this Act or under section eleven of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958, or under section eleven of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1939, or

(b) when a written request to withdraw any share in a

building society has been given to the building society more than six months previously and the building society has, whether in reliance on a provision in the rules of the building society or not, not yet complied with the request, or

(c) in the twelve months following a financial year in which

the holders of shares in a building society did not become entitled to any interest or dividend on their shares, a member of the building society shall have the right to obtain from the register kept under this section the names and addresses of members of the building society for the purpose of communicating with them on a subject relating to the affairs of the building society.

(4) If at any time when members of the building society have not under the last foregoing subsection the right to obtain names and addresses from the register a member makes a written application for that right to the Chief Registrar, the Chief Registrar may, if satisfied that the applicant requires the right for the purpose of communicating with members of the building society on a subject relating to die affairs of the building society, and

2 K 2

1028

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act; 1960 8 & 9 Friz. 2

Power of registrar to disapprove name of building society.

having regard to the interests of the members as a whole, and to all the other circumstances, direct that the applicant shall have the right to obtain from the register the names and addresses of members for the purpose of communicating with them on a subject relating to the affairs of the building society; and he may give any direction under this subsection subject to such limitations or conditions as he may think fit.

(5) Before giving a direction under the last foregoing subsection the Chief Registrar shall give particulars of the application to the building society, and afford the building society an opportunity of making representations as to the application; and the Chief Registrar shall, if the applicant or the building society so requests, afford to the applicant and to the building society an opportunity of being heard by him.

(6) A member entitled under the foregoing provisions of this section to obtain the names of members of the building society may apply in writing to the building society and shall describe in that application the subject on which he proposes to communicate with other members of the building society; and the building society shall give him all necessary information as to the place or places where the register or a part of the register is kept and reasonable facilities for inspecting the register, and taking a copy of any names and addresses in the register.

(7) Any dispute as to the rights of a member under this section which arises between the member and the building society shall be referred to the Chief Registrar, and the award of the Chief Registrar shall have the same effect as that of arbitrators under section thirty-four of the principal Act

(8) A building society shall not be obliged to disclose to a member making an application under this section any particulars contained in the register other than the names of the members and their addresses and may construct the register in such a way that it is possible to open the names and addresses to inspection without exposing any such other particulars.

(9) If a building society contravenes subsection (1) of this section the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

Name of building society

28.—(1) No building society shall be registered under section seventeen or section twenty-two of the principal Act (which relate respectively to the first registration of the name of the building society and to a change of name) in a name which, in the opinion of the registrar, is undesirable.

(2) So much of the said sections seventeen and twenty-two as imposes restrictions as to the name under which a building society may be registered shall cease to have effect

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1029

Special resolutions

29. —(1) A resolution shall be a special resolution when it has been passed by not less than three-fourths of the number of the members of the building society qualified to vote on a special resolution and voting in person or by proxy on a poll on the resolution at a meeting of the building society of which notice specifying the intention to move the resolution as a special resolution has been duly given.

(2) The members qualified to vote on a special resolution at a meeting of a building society shall be all the members of the building society who were also members at the end of the last financial year before the date of the meeting, except that, if the rules of the building society so provide, members who, at the end of that financial year, or at the date of the meeting, did not hold shares in the building society to a value of one pound or more shall not be qualified to vote.

(3) For the purposes of this section—

(a) notice of a meeting shall be deemed to be duly given

if the notice is given in the manner provided by this Act and the rules of the building society,

(b) the meeting of the building society shall be deemed to

be duly held if it is held in the manner provided by the rules of the building society.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the rules of a building society, the business which may be dealt with at the annual general meeting, or at any other meeting, shall include any resolution to be passed as a special resolution.

(5) In any rules made by a building sooiety after the commencement of this Act the expression " special resolution " shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean a special resolution as defined in this section.

(6) This section shall come into force as respects any resolution to be moved at a meeting held after the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

30. —(1) If a member of a building society applies in writing to the building society and gives notice of his intention to move a special resolution at a meeting of the building society, it shall be the duty of the building society to include in the notice of the meeting a notice specifying the intention to move that resolution as a special resolution at the meeting.

(2) If the applicant does not specify the meeting at which he intends to move the resolution, or if he specifies a meeting which will be held fifty-six days or less after the receipt of the

Special

resolutions.

Duty of building society to include notices of members* special resolutions in notices of meetings.

1030

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Cases under existing law in which a special resolution is required.

Rules to include certain provisions with respect to meetings.

notice by the building society, the building society shall act on the footing that he intends to move the special resolution at the first meeting of the building society held more than fifty-six days after the date of the application.

(3) If a building society fails to comply with an application duly made under this section, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act

(4) In this section the expression " special resolution " means a resolution which will not be effective unless it is passed as a special resolution.

31. —(1) A building society may alter or add to its rules by a special resolution, and any provision in its rules which authorises it to alter or add to its rules without passing a special resolution shall be void.

(2) In section thirty-three of the principal Act (under which two or more building societies may unite) for the words from " upon such terms " to the words " for the purpose " there shall be substituted the words—

" (a) if the terms of the union are approved by a special resolution (as defined in the Building Societies Act, 1960) of each of the societies, and

(b) if the union obtains the concurrence in writing of the holders of not less than two- thirds of the whole number of shares in each society, whether they are present at the meeting or not ", and section nineteen of the Building Societies Act, 1894 (which amends the said section thirty-three), shall cease to have effect

(3) In section twenty-two and paragraph 4 of section thirty-two of the principal Act (which relate respectively to a change of name and to a winding up) for the references to a resolution of three-fourths of the members of a building society passed at a meeting called for the purpose there shall be substituted references to a special resolution, and in section five of the Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940 (which relates to a transfer of engagements), for the references to a special resolution as defined by that section there shall be substituted references to a special resolution as defined by this Act.

Meetings

32. —(1) The rules of a building society shall provide for the calling and holding of meetings, and in particular—

(a) for the right of members to requisition meetings,

(b) for the manner in which notice of any resolutions to be moved at meetings is to be given to members.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1031

(c) for the procedure to be observed at meetings,

() for the form of notice for the convening of a meeting, and the manner of its service, and

(e) for the voting rights of members, the right to demand a poll and the manner in which a poll is to be taken.

(2) A building society which was incorporated before the commencement of this Act, or which is an existing unincorporated building society, shall make such alterations in its rules as may be required for compliance with the foregoing subsection within fifteen months from the commencement of this Act.

(3) If and so far as a building society has not provided in its rules for a matter specified in subsection (1) of this section at the end of the said period of fifteen months, the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall, as respects any meeting held after the end of that period, have effect as if they formed part of the rules of the building society; and a building society may, where it has by its rules provided for a matter specified in subsection (1) of this section, also by its rules expressly exclude the relevant provisions of that Schedule.

33.—(1) Every building society shall in the first four months Annual of each financial year hold a meeting as its annual general meeting in addition to any other meetings in that year, and shallmecDn®-specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it:

Provided that a building society need not hold an annual general meeting in the calendar year in which it is incorporated, unless before its incorporation it was such an unincorporated building society as is mentioned in section seven of the principal Act.

(2) If in any financial year default is made in holding a meeting of a building society in accordance with the foregoing subsection, the Chief Registrar may call, or direct the calling of, an annual general meeting in that financial year, and give such ancillary or consequential directions as the Chief Registrar thinks expedient, including directions modifying or supplementing, in relation to the calling, holding and conducting of the meeting, the operation of the rules of the building society.

(3) If default is made in holding an annual general meeting of a building society in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, or in complying with any directions of the Chief Registrar under subsection <2) of this section, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

1032

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Length of notice for calling meetings.

Persons to whom notice of meetings is to be sent.

(4) This section shall come into force as respects any building society established before the commencement of this Act—

(a) where the year nineteen hundred and sixty-one constitutes a financial year of the building society, so as to require the holding of an annual general meeting in that financial year and in subsequent financial years, and

(b) where the year nineteen hundred and sixtyone does not constitute a financial year of the building society, so as to require the holding of an annual general meeting in the financial year beginning in the year nineteen hundred and sixtyone and in subsequent financial years.

34. —(1) Any provision contained in the rules of a building society shall be void in so far as it provides for the calling of a meeting of the building society (other than an adjourned meeting) by a shorter notice than twentyone days’ notice in writing.

(2) Save in so far as the rules of a building society make other provision in that behalf (not being a provision avoided by the foregoing subsection) a meeting of a building society (other than an adjourned meeting) may be called by twenty-one days* notice in writing and where notice is given in accordance with this subsection the notice shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act or any other Act to have been duly given according to the rules of the building society.

(3) Notice of a meeting of a building society shall not be sent to members of the building society more than fifty-six days before the date of the meeting.

35. —(1) Written notice of any meeting of a building society which specifies the intention to propose a resolution as a special resolution at the meeting shall be sent to every member qualified to vote on a special resolution at the meeting.

(2) Subject to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, written notice of any meeting of a building society shall be sent to every member of the building society except that, subject to the rules of the building society, notice of a meeting need not be sent to a member who does not hold shares in the building society to a value of twenty-five pounds or more at die end of the financial year preceding that in which notices are sent or, if the building society was established in the calendar year in which notices are being sent, at the time at which the notices are sent

(3) The accidental omission to give notice of a meeting to, or the non-receipt of notice of a meeting by, any person entitled to receive notice shall not invalidate the proceedings at that meeting.

1960

Building Societies; 1960

Ch. 64

1033

(4) This section shall come into force as respects any building society established before the commencement of this Act so as to apply in relation to any meeting of the building society held after the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

36. —(1) Any member of a building society entitled to attend Proxies, and vote at a meeting of the building society shall be entitled to appoint another person (whether a member or not) as his proxy

to attend and vote instead of him:

Provided that, unless the rules of the building society otherwise provide, a proxy shall not be entitled to vote except on a poll.

(2) In every notice calling a meeting of a building society there shall appear with reasonable prominence a statement that a member entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint a proxy or, where that is allowed, one or more proxies to attend and vote instead of him, and that a proxy need not also be a member; and if default is made in complying with this subsection as respects any meeting, every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(3) Any provision contained in the rules of a building society shall be void in so far as it would have the effect of requiring the instrument appointing a proxy, or any other document necessary to show the validity of or otherwise relating to the appointment of a proxy, to be received by the building society or any other person more than forty-eight hours before a meeting or adjourned meeting in order that the appointment may be effective thereat

(4) This section shall come into force as respects any building society established before the commencement of this Act so as to apply in relation to any meeting of the building society held after the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

37. —(1) Any provision contained in the rules of a building Right to society shall be void in so far as it would have the effect either— demand

(a) of excluding the right to demand a poll at a meeting a 150 *

of the building society on any question other than the election of a chairman of the meeting or the adjournment of the meeting, or

(b) of making ineffective a demand for a poll on any such

question which is made by not less than ten members having the right to vote at the meeting.

(2) The instrument appointing a proxy to vote at a meeting of the building society shall be deemed also to confer authority to demand or join in demanding a poll, and for the purposes

2 K*

1034

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

of the foregoing subsection a demand by a person as proxy of a member shall be the same as a demand by the member.

Accounts and audit

Keeping of books of account and office management.

38.—(1) Every building society shall cause to be kept proper books of account with respect to its transactions and its assets and liabilities.

For the purposes of this subsection, proper books of account shall not be deemed to be kept with respect to the matters mentioned in this subsection if there are not kept such books as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the affairs of the building society and to explain its transactions.

(2) Every building society shall establish and maintain a system of control and inspection of its books of account and a system for supervising its cash holdings, and all receipts and remittances.

G) Every building society shall establish and maintain a system to ensure the safe custody of all documents of title belonging to the building society and of the deeds relating to property mortgaged to the building society, and for the purposes of this subsection a building society shall not be deemed to have established a proper system unless, under the system, on each occasion on which any such document of title or deed is released from the custody of the officers of the building society, the consent is obtained of the board of directors of the building society, or of a person authorised by the board of directors of the building society to give such a consent.

(4) If a director of a building society fails to take all reasonable steps to secure compliance by the building society with the requirements of this section, or has by his own wilful act been the cause of any default by the building society thereunder, he shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months:

Provided that—

(a) in any proceedings against a person in respect of an

offence under this section consisting of a failure to take reasonable steps to secure compliance by the building society with the requirements of this section, it shall be a defence to prove that he had reasonable ground to believe and did believe that a competent and reliable person was charged with the duty of seeing that those requirements were complied with and was in a position to discharge that duty, and

(b) a person shall not be sentenced to imprisonment for

such an offence unless, in the opinion of the court

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1035

dealing with the case, the offence was committed wilfully.

39. —(1) The directors of every building society shall lay before the building society at the annual general meeting—

(a) a revenue and appropriation account for the last

financial year ending before the date of the annual general meeting, and

(b) a balance sheet as at the end of that financial year.

(2) If a director of a building society fails to take all reasonable steps to comply with the provisions of this section, he shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months:

Provided that—

(a) in any proceedings against a person in respect of an

offence under this section, it shall be a defence to prove that he had reasonable ground to believe and did believe that a competent and reliable person was charged with the duty of seeing that the provisions of this section were complied with and was in a position to discharge that duty, and

(b) a person shall not be sentenced to imprisonment for such

an offence unless, in the opinion of the court dealing with the case, the offence was committed wilfully.

40. —(1) Every balance sheet of a building society shall give a true and fair view of the state of the affairs of the building society as at the end of its financial year, and every revenue and appropriation account of a building society shall give a true and fair view of the income and expenditure of the building society for the financial year.

(2) The Chief Registrar shall have power with the consent of the Treasury by statutory instrument to make regulations as to the particulars to be included in, and the form of, a building society’s balance sheet and revenue and appropriation account; and regulations under this section may require the inclusion in the balance sheet and revenue and appropriation account of corresponding particulars for a preceding financial year of the building society.

(3) The requirements of regulations under the last foregoing subsection shall be without prejudice to the general requirements of subsection (1) of this section or to any other requirements of i his Act or any other enactment relating to building societies.

(4) If a director of a building society fails to take all reasonable steps to secure compliance as respects any balance sheet

2 K* 2

Revenue and appropriation account and balance sheet.

General provisions as to contents and form of accounts.

1036

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Signing of balance sheet.

Accounts and auditors* report to be annexed to balance sheet.

Directors*

report

or revenue and appropriation account laid before the building society at the annual general meeting with the provisions of this section or of regulations made under this section he shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months:

Provided that—

(a) in any proceedings against a person in respect of an

offence under this section it shall be a defence to prove that he had reasonable ground to believe and did believe that a competent and reliable person was charged with the duty of seeing that the said provisions were complied with and was in a position to discharge that duty, and

(b) a person shall not be sentenced to imprisonment for any

such offence unless, in the opinion of the court dealing with the case, the offence was committed wilfully.

41. —(1) Every balance sheet of a building society shall be signed on behalf of the building society’s directors by two of the directors, and by the manager or secretary of the building society.

(2) If any copy of a balance sheet which has not been signed as required by this section is issued, circulated or published, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

42. —(1) The revenue and appropriation account shall be annexed to the balance sheet, and the auditors’ report shall be attached thereto.

(2) The revenue and appropriation account so annexed shall be approved by the board of directors of the building society before the balance sheet is signed on their behalf.

(3) If any copy of a balance sheet is issued, circulated or published without having annexed thereto a copy of the revenue and appropriation account, or without having attached thereto a copy of the auditors’ report, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under tins Act

43. —(1) The directors shall prepare for submission at the annual general meeting a report on the state of the affairs of the building society.

(2) The directors’ report shall be attached to the balance sheet and if any copy of a balance sheet is issued, circulated or published without having attached thereto a copy of the directors’

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1037

report, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act

(3) The directors’ report shall include a statement setting out for the financial year last ending before the annual general meeting at which the directors’ report is submitted—

(a) the total amount advanced during the financial year

by the building society on the security of freehold or leasehold estate, and the total number of mortgages executed in favour of the building society during that year;

(b) the proportion of the said total amount advanced by the

building society which represents special advances as defined in section one of this Act and the number of mortgages executed during that financial year to secure such special advances;

(c) the total amount of money received during the financial

year by way of investments in or loans to the building society from members or depositors, and the total amount of money paid out by the building society by way of repayment of the principal value of shares in the building society, or repayment of sums lent to the building society by depositors;

() the number of cases in which a mortgagor was at the end of the financial year in arrears with payments due to the building society under his mortgage on account of principal and interest to an amount which exceeded the amount which fell due under the mortgage on account of principal and interest in that financial year; and

(e) the total of the amounts of the arrears at the end of the financial year in all the cases falling within the last foregoing paragraph.

44.—(1) A copy of every balance sheet, including every docu- Right to ment required by law to be annexed thereto, which is to be laid recave before a building society at the annual general meeting together b2aSc» sheet with a copy of the auditors’ report, and of the directors* report, auditors* shall, not less than twenty-one days before the date of the and directors’ meeting, be sent to the Chief Registrar and to every member of report the building society, other than a member who does not hold shares in the building society to the value of twenty-five pounds or more at the end of the financial year to which the balance sheet relates.

(2) Any member of a building society, whether he is or is not entitled to have sent to him copies of the building society’s balance sheets, and every depositor in a building society, shall

1038

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Frn 2

Auditors*

report

be entitled to be furnished on demand without charge with a copy of the last balance sheet of the building society, including every document required by law to be annexed thereto, together with a copy of the auditors’ report and of the directors' report

(3) If default is made in complying with subsection (1) of this section or if, when any person makes a demand for any document with which he is by virtue of subsection (2) of this section entitled to be furnished, default is made in complying with the demand within seven days after the making thereof, the building society and every officer of - the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act

45.—(1) The auditors of a building society shall make a report to the members on the accounts examined by them, and on every balance sheet and every revenue and appropriation account laid before the building society at the annual general meeting during their tenure of office.

(2) The auditors’ report shall be read before the building society at the annual general meeting and shall be open to inspection by any member.

(3) The report shall state whether the balance sheet and revenue and appropriation account are properly drawn up in accordance with the requirements of this Act and the regulations made thereunder and whether, in the opinion of the auditors, they give a true and fair view—

(a) in the case of the balance sheet, of the state of the

building society’s affairs as at the end of its financial year; and

(b) in the case of the revenue and appropriation account, of

the income and expenditure of the building society to its financial year.

(4) It shall be the duty of the auditors of a building society in preparing their report under this section to cany out such investigations as will enable them to form an opinion—

(a) as to whether the building society has kept proper boob

of account and proper records of the matters referred to in subsection (4) of section fourteen of this Act, and

(b) as to whether the building society has maintained a

satisfactory system of control over its transactions and records, and, in particular, whether the requirements of subsections (2) and (3) of section thirty-eight of this Act have been complied with, and

(c) as to whether the balance sheet and revenue and appro-

priation account are in agreement with the books of account and records of the building society.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1039

and if the auditors are of opinion that the building society has failed to keep proper books of account or proper records of the matters referred to in subsection (4) of section fourteen of this Act, or to maintain a satisfactory system of control over its transactions and records, or if the balance sheet and revenue and appropriation account are not in agreement with the books of account and records of the building society, the auditors shall state that fact in their report.

(5) Every auditor of a building society shall have a right of access at all times to the books, accounts, records and vouchers of the building society and to all other documents relating to the affairs of the building society (including the deeds relating to property mortgaged to the building society), and shall be entitled to require from the officers of the building society such information and explanations as he thinks necessary for the performance of the duties of the auditors; and if the auditors fail to obtain all the information and explanations which to the best of their knowledge and belief are necessary for the purposes of their audit, they shall state that fact in their report.

(6) The auditors of a building society shall be entitled to attend any general meeting of the building society and to receive all notices of and other communications relating to any general meeting which any member of the building society is entitled to receive, and to be heard at any meeting which they attend on any part of the business of the meeting which concerns them as auditors.

46,—(1) Every building society shall at each annual general Appointment meeting appoint an auditor or auditors to hold office from the of auditors, conclusion of that meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting.

(2) At any annual general meeting a retiring auditor, however appointed, shall be re-appointed without any resolution being passed unless—

(a) he is not qualified for re-appointment, or

(b) a resolution has been passed at that meeting appointing

somebody instead of him or providing expressly that he shall not be re-appointed, or

(c) he has given the building society notice in writing of his unwillingness to be re-appointed:

Provided that where notice is given of an intended resolution to appoint some person or persons in place of a retiring auditor, and by reason of the death, incapacity or disqualification of that person or of those persons, as the case may be, the resolution

1040

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Provisions as to resolutions relating to appointment and removal of auditors.

cannot be proceeded with, the retiring auditor shall not be automatically re-appointed by virtue of this subsection.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, the first auditors of a building society may be appointed by the directors of the building society at any time before the first annual general meeting, and auditors so appointed shall hold office until the conclusion of that meeting:

Provided that—

(a) the building society may at a meeting remove any

such auditors and appoint in their place any other persons who have been nominated for appointment by any member of the building society and of whose nomination notice has been given to the members of the building society not less than fourteen days before the date of the meeting, and

(b) if the directors fail to exercise their powers under this

subsection, the building society in general meeting may appoint the first auditors, and thereupon the said powers of the directors shall cease.

(4) The directors may fill any casual vacancy in the office of auditor, but while any such vacancy continues, the surviving or continuing auditor or auditors, if any, may act.

47.—(1) A resolution at a building society’s annual general meeting—

(a) appointing as auditor a person other than a retiring

auditor, or

(b) providing expressly that a retiring auditor shall not be re-appointed,

shall not be effective unless notice of the intention to move it has been given to the building society not less than twenty-eight days before the meeting at which it is moved:

Provided that if, after notice of the intention to move such a resolution has been given to the building society, the annual general meeting is called for a date less than twenty-eight days after the notice has been given, the notice though not given within the time required by this subsection shall be deemed to have been properly given for the purposes thereof.

(2) The building society shall give to its members notice of any such resolution at the same time and in the same manner as it gives notice of the meeting or, if that is not practicable, shall give them notice thereof, either by advertisement in a newspaper having an appropriate circulation or in any other mode allowed by the rules of the building society, not less than twenty-one days before the meeting.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1041

(3) On receipt of notice under subsection (1) of this section of such an intended resolution as aforesaid, the building society shall forthwith send a copy thereof to the retiring auditor (if any).

(4) Where a notice is given of such an intended resolution as aforesaid and the retiring auditor makes with respect to the intended resolution representations in writing to the building society (not exceeding a reasonable length) and requests their notification to members of the building society, the building society shall, unless the representations are received too late for it to do so,—

(a) in any notice of the resolution given to members of the

building society, state the fact of the representations having been made, and

(b) send a copy of the representations to every member of the building society to whom notice of the meeting is sent (whether before or after receipt of the representations by the building society),

and if a copy of the representations is not sent as aforesaid because received too late or because of the building society’s default, the auditor may (without prejudice to his right to be heard orally) require that the representations shall be read out at the meeting:

Provided that copies of the representations need not be sent out and the representations need not be read out at the meeting if, on the application either of the building society or of any other person who claims to be aggrieved, the High Court, or, where the building society has its chief office in Scotland, the Court of Session, is satisfied that the rights conferred by this section are being abused to secure needless publicity for defamatory matter; and the court may order the building society’s costs on an application under this section to be paid in whole or in part by the auditor, notwithstanding that he is not a party to the application.

(5) The last foregoing subsection shall apply to a resolution to remove the first auditors of a building society by virtue of subsection (3) of the last foregoing section as h applies in relation to a resolution that a retiring auditor shall not be re-appointed.

48.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the rules of any building Qualifications society, no person shall be appointed as auditor of a building of auditors, society unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies—

(a) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and

Wales;

(b) the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

(c) the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

(d) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

1042

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

(e) any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of Trade:

Provided that a person who is an auditor of a building society at the commencement of this Act shall, notwithstanding that he is not at the time a member of any of the said bodies, be qualified for appointment or re-appointment as an auditor of that building society at any annual general meeting of the building society 8 he is at the time of the said meeting authorised under paragraph

(b) of subsection (1) of the said section one hundred and sixty-one to be appointed as auditor of a company.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the rules of any building society, none of the following persons shall be appointed as auditor of a building society—

(a) an officer or servant of the building society;

(b) a person who is a partner of or in the employment of, or

who employs, an officer or servant of the building society;

(c) a body corporate.

References in this subsection to an officer or servant shall be construed as not including references to an auditor.

(3) Nothing in this section shall prevent the appointment as auditor of a building society of a Scottish firm none of the partners of which is disqualified for appointment as such by virtue of this section.

(4) Any body corporate which is appointed as auditor of a building society in contravention of subsection (2) of this section, and acts under the appointment, shall be liable on summary conviotion to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

Commencement of provisions relating to accounts, directors* report and audit

49.—(1) Sections thirty-nine to forty-seven of this Act shall come into force as respects any building society established before the commencement of this Act so as to apply in relation to the first annual general meeting required to be held by the building society in pursuance of section thirty-three of this Act, and to any balance sheet, revenue and appropriation account, or auditors’ or directors* report required to be laid or read before, or submitted to, that annual general meeting.

(2) The provisions of section forty-eight of this Act shall come into force as respects any building society established before the commencement of this Act so as to apply in relation to the

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1043

appointment of an auditor at any time beginning with the first annual general meeting required to be held in pursuance of section thirty-three of this Act.

The Annual Return

50. —<1) Every building society shall in the first three months Making of of any financial year in which it is required under section thirty- annual return three of this Act to hold an annual general meeting* make to

the Chief Registrar a return (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the annual return ") relating to the affairs of the building society for the previous financial year.

(2) The annual return shall be signed by two of the directors* and by the manager or secretary of the building society.

(3) The annual return shall contain such information and shall be in such form as the Chief Registrar may prescribe by regulations made with the consent of the Treasury and contained in a statutory instrument.

(4) A copy of the latest annual return for any financial year (with the auditors' report) shall be supplied on demand to any member of or depositor in the building society without charge on or after the date of the holding of the annual general meeting in the following financial year.

(5) If a building society fails to comply with any of the provisions of this section or of regulations made under this section, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act

(6) No annual account and statement shall be prepared under section forty of the principal Act for any financial year for which an annual return is required under this section and references in the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1940, to any such annual account and statement shall, in relation to any financial year for which an annual return is required under this section, be taken as references to the annual return.

51. —(1) The auditors of a building society shall make a Auditors’

report on the annual return which shall be annexed to the report on annual return made to the Chief Registrar. annual return.

(2) Regulations under the last foregoing section may provide that the auditors of the building society shall not be required in their report on the annual return to deal with such of the matters to be contained in the annual return as may be prescribed by the regulations for the purposes of this subsection.

(3) The auditors' report on the annual return shall contain statements—

(a) as to whether in their opinion the annual return is properly drawn up in accordance with the requirements of this Act and regulations made thereunder, and

1044

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Disclosure by directors of interests in contracts.

(b) as to whether the annual return gives a true and fair view of the matters to which it is to be addressed (other than those with which the auditors are, by virtue of regulations made in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection, not required to deal), and

(c) as to whether the annual return is in agreement with the

books of account and records of the building society.

Directors and other officers

52.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall be the duty of a director of a building society who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a contract or proposed contract with the building society to declare the nature of his interest to the board of directors of the building society in accordance with this section.

(2) In the case of a proposed contract the declaration required by this section to be made by a director shall be made at the meeting of the directors at which the question of entering into the contract is first taken into consideration, or if the director was not at the date of that meeting interested in the proposed contract, at the next meeting of the directors held after he becomes so interested, and in a case where the director becomes interested in a contract after it is made, the said declaration shall be made at the first meeting of the directors held after the director becomes so interested.

(3) For the purposes of this section, a general notice given at a meeting of the directors of the building society by a director to the effect that he is a member of a specified company or firm and is to be regarded as interested in any contract which may, after the date of the notice, be made with that company or firm, shall be deemed to be a sufficient declaration of interest in relation to any contract so made.

(4) A director need not make a declaration or give a notice under this section by attending in person at a meeting of the directors if he takes reasonable steps to secure that the declaration or notice is brought up and read at that meeting.

(5) A director who fails to comply with the provisions of this section shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice the operation of any rule of law restricting directors of a building society from having any interest in contracts with the building society.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1045

53.—(1) Where after the commencement of this Act any person becomes or ceases to be a director or the manager or secretary of a building society, the building society shall within a period of one month give a notice to the registrar stating the full name and address of that person, and particulars of the office which he has taken or relinquished.

(2) If a building society fails to comply with this section the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

54.—(1) Every annual return shall contain particulars showing the amount of any advances made by the building society during the financial year to which it relates—

(a) to any director or the manager or secretary of the budd-

ing society, or

(b) to any person who, after the making of the advance,

became a director or the manager or secretary of the building society in that year, or

(c) to a company or other body corporate in which, when the advance was made, or at any later time in the said financial year, a director or the manager or secretary of the building society held, either directly or through a nominee, shares the nominal value of which exceeded two and a half per cent, of the total paid up share capital of the company or other body corporate, or

(d) to a company or other body corporate of which, when the advance was made, or at any later time in the said financial year, a director or the manager or secretary of the building society was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer,

and also, in the case of an advance under paragraph (c) of this subsection, particulars of the officer’s shareholding.

(2) It shall be the duty of any director and the manager and the secretary of a building society to give notice in writing to the building society of such matters relating to his employment by, or other interest in, any company or other body corporate as may be necessary for the purposes of the foregoing subsection, and a person failing to comply with this subsection shall be guilty of an offence under this Act:

Provided that in any proceedings against a person in respect of an offence under this subsection it shall be a defence to prove that he did not know at the time of the alleged offence that the building society had made the advance to the body corporate in question and that at that time reasonable arrangements were in operation to bring to his notice any advance made by the building society to any body corporate.

Notification to registrar of changes in officers of a building society.

Disclosure of advances to directors or officers or to companies in which they are interested.

1046

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Officers not to take commissions for insurance business connected with the making of advances.

Information to be given on unions and transfers of engagements.

(3) If the requirements of subsection (1) of this section are not complied with, it shall be the duty of the auditors of the building society to include in their report, so far as they are reasonably able to do so, a statement giving the required particulars.

55. —(1) Where—

(a) a charge upon a policy of life assurance is given as

additional security for an advance made by a building society, or

(b) a building society makes an additional advance to enable

payment to be made of a premium on a policy of insurance, or

(c) any policy of insurance is taken out so as to comply with

the terms on which an advance is made by a building society, whether by way of insuring the property given as security for the advance or otherwise,

and the policy is effected through the building society, or the building society nominates or selects the person by whom the policy is to be issued, it shall be unlawful for a director or other officer of the building society in connection with the effecting of the policy to receive any gift, bonus, commission or benefit from a person by or through whom the policy was issued.

(2) A person who pays, and a person who accepts, any gift, bonus, commission or benefit which it is unlawful to receive under the foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

Unions and transfers of engagements

56. —(1) Where it is proposed that two or more building societies should unite under section thirty-three of the principal Act or that a building society should transfer its engagements to another building society under section five of the Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940, each of the building societies shall, unless the Chief Registrar has by notice in writing exempted the building society from the requirements of this section, send to each member of that building society at his address as recorded in the register of members a statement the contents of which has been approved by the Chief Registrar concerning—

(a) the financial position of that building society and the

other building societies concerned,

(b) the interest of the directors of the building society which

is sending the statement in the union or transfer of engagements.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1047

(c) the compensation or other consideration proposed to be

paid to the directors or other officers of that building society, and of the other building societies concerned, and

() the payments, if any, to be made to members of the

building society, and of the other building societies concerned, in consideration of the union or transfer of engagements.

(2) The statement under this section shall be sent so as to be received by any member to whom the building society sends notice of a resolution to be moved at a meeting of the building society for the union or, as the case may be, the transfer of engagements to which the statement relates not later than he receives that notice.

(3) Where for the purposes of the said section thirty-three the building society applies to all or any of the members of the building society to obtain their concurrence with the proposals, the statement shall, without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, be sent so as to be received by a member at or before the time when the application is made to him.

(4) Where for the purposes of the said section five of the Act of 1940 the building society applies to all or any of the members of the building society to obtain their consent to the proposals, the statement shall, without prejudice to the provisions of subsection

(2) of this section, be sent so as to be received by a member at or before the time when the application is made to him.

(5) A failure to comply with the provisions of this section shall not invalidate the union or transfer of engagements, but if a building society fails to comply with this section the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(6) Section twenty-two of the Building Societies Act, 1894 (which imposes liability to a penalty for false statements), shall apply in relation to a statement issued in pursuance of this section by a building society as it applies in relation to any such document as is mentioned in that section.

57.—(1) A building society may, subject to the provisions of this section, by a special resolution transfer its engagements to a building society of Northern Ireland which undertakes to fulfil those engagements; and a building society may, subject to the provisions of this section, undertake to fulfil the engagements of a building society of Northern Ireland by a special resolution or, with the consent of the registrar, by a resolution of a general meeting or of the board of the building society.

Transfers of engagements and unions which involve a building society of Northern Ireland.

1048

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eijz. 2

(2) The transfer of engagements shall not take effect by virtue of this section unless or until the consent thereto in writing of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the whole number of shares of the building society acting under this section has been obtained:

Provided that if that building society makes an application to the registrar and publishes notice of the application in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes, the registrar may, after hearing the building society and any other persons whom he considers entitled to be heard, confirm the transfer of engagements notwithstanding that the concurrence of the holders of two-thirds of the whole number of shares in the building society has not been obtained in the manner required by the foregoing provisions of this subsection.

(3) The transfer of engagements shall not take effect by virtue of this section until the registrar has given his consent in writing to the transfer, and he shall not give that consent unless he is satisfied that the transfer of engagements will also take effect under the law of Northern Ireland.

(4) The registrar on giving his consent under the last foregoing subsection shall register the transfer of engagements and thereupon section five of the Building Societies Act, 1877 (which provides for giving effect to transfers of engagements), shall, so far as it forms part of the law of Great Britain, apply to the transfer of engagements.

(5) Section fifty-six of this Act shall apply in relation to a building society which proposes to act under this section as k applies to a building society proposing to become a party to a transfer of engagements under section five of the Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940, but as if in the said section fifty-six—

(a) references to the other building societies concerned

included references to any building society of Northern

Ireland concerned, and

(b) references to section five of the said Act of 1940 were

references to this section,

and the statement under the said section fifty-six as applied by this subsection shall indicate that the other party to the transfer of engagements is a building society of Northern Ireland or, as the case may be, that one or more of the other parties is or are a building society or building societies of Northern Ireland.

(6) A building society may not, under section thirty-three of the principal Act, unite with a building society of Northern Ireland.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1049

(7) In this section the expression " building society of Northern Ireland " means a building society which is, or, for the purposes of the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1894, is deemed to be, registered in Northern Ireland; and references to a building society acting under this section do not include references to any such society.

Offences

58. —(1) In section twenty-two of the Building Societies Act, False entries 1894 (which imposes liability to a penalty not exceeding fifty " documents pounds for false entries in documents to be sent to the registrar Registrar under the Building Societies Acts), for the words " required by registrar, the Building Societies Acts to be sent to the registrar" there

shall be substituted the words " sent to the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies or the registrar under or in pursuance of the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1960 ", and for the words " liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds ", there shall be substituted the words " liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two

hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both."

(2) This section shall not apply to an offence committed before the commencement of this Act.

59. —(1) In section thirty-one of the principal Act (which Fraudulent provides that a person fraudulently withholding the property of withholding a building society shall be liable to summary prosecution as well of money, as to prosecution on indictment) for the words from "liable

on summary conviction " to the end of the section there shall be substituted the words " liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

ib)on summary conviotion to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both,

and the court by or before whom he is convicted may order him to deliver up to the society all such money, securities, books, papers or other effects of the society, and to repay the amount of money applied improperly."

(2) The Chief Registrar shall be included among the persons who under section eighteen of the Building Societies Act, 1894. may take proceedings under section thirty-one of the principal Act.

1050

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Failure to sell property after foreclosure, etc.

Increase of certain other penalties.

(3) This section shall not apply to an offence committed before the commencement of this Act.

60. —(1) If a building society contravenes the proviso to section thirteen of the principal Act (which directs that land mortgaged to a building society shall, if the building society becomes absolutely entitled to the land, be sold or converted into money) the building society shall be liable on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction to a fine which, on summary conviction, shall not exceed two hundred pounds and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two

hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

(2) This section shall not apply to an offence committed before the commencement of this Act.

61. —(1) If a building society—

(a) fails to comply with the requirements of section seven-

teen of the principal Act as to supplying a copy of its rules to any person, or

(b) fails to send to the registrar or the Chief Registrar any

notice, return or other document which the building society is required to send to him under section eighteen, twenty-two, thirty-two or thirty-three of the principal Act or under section two of the Building Societies Act, 1877, or under subsection (2) of section thirteen of the Building Societies Act, 1939, or under subsection (1) of section five of the Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940, or

(c) fails to allow an inspector appointed under section five

of the Building Societies Act, 1894, to do anything which he is authorised to do under subsection (3) of that section (which relates to the production of books and the examination of the officers of the building society),

the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act

(2) Section twenty-one of the Building Societies Act, 1894, and so much of section fifteen of the Building Societies Act, 1939, as relates to offences under subsection (2) of section thirteen of that Act shall cease to have effect.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1051

(3) This section shall not apply to an offence committed before the commencement of this Act

62. A building society guilty of an offence under this Act for General which no penalty is expressly provided, and any person other penalties for than a building society guilty of an offence under this Act for offences* which no penality is expressly provided, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

63. An unincorporated building society such as is mentioned Criminal in section seven of the principal Act shall not be liable to any

penalty under this Act, but this section shall be without prejudice uninwrporated to the liability under this Act of an officer of any such building societies, society who is in default.

64. —(1) Notwithstanding any limitation on the time for Time limit for the taking of proceedings contained in any Act, summary pro- commence-ceedings for any offence under this Act or for any offence under

the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1940, committed after the proofings, commencement of this Act may, subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, be commenced by the Chief Registrar at any time within the period of one year beginning with the date on which evidence, sufficient in the opinion of the Chief Registrar to justify a prosecution for the offence, comes to his knowledge; and for the purposes of this subsection a certificate, purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Chief Registrar, as to the date on which such evidence came to his knowledge shall be conclusive evidence thereof.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall authorise the commencement of proceedings for any offence at a time more than three years after the date on which the offence was committed.

(3) This section shall have effect in its application to Scotland as if, in subsection (1), the words " by the Chief Registrar " were omitted.

Supplemental

65.—(1) Except where the rules of a building society otherwise Joint provide, any notice or other document may be given or sent by shareholders, the building society to the joint holders of shares in the building society by giving or sending it to the joint holder who is first named in their books (hereafter in this section referred to as the senior joint holder), but this subsection shall not be read as preventing any joint holder of shares from exercising the right under this Act of a member to obtain from a building society on demand a copy of the balance sheet or of the annual return.

(2) Any shares in a building society which are held jointly shall, for the purpose of determining who is qualified to vote.

1052

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Ft 2

Form of registers, etc.

whether in person or by proxy, on any resolution at a meeting held after the commencement of this Act and, where relevant, the number of votes any person may then give, be regarded as held by the senior of the joint holders alone; and accordingly a person who is only a member of a building society by reason of being a joint holder of shares, other than the senior joint holder, shall not be qualified to vote on any such resolution.

(3) For the purposes of the following enactments (under which the consent or concurrence of a certain number of members of a building society is required)—

(a) paragraph 3 of section thirty-two of the principal Act,

and

(b) paragraph ib) of section thirty-three of that Act, as

amended by this Act, and

(c) section five of the Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act, 1940, and

() section fifty-seven of this Act,

any shares in a building society which are held jointly shall be regarded as held by the senior of the joint holders alone, and accordingly a person who is only a member of a building society by reason of being a joint holder of shares, other than the senior joint holder, shall not for the purposes of those enactments be regarded as being a member.

(4) The senior joint holder, and not any of the others, shall have the right to join in making any application under section five or section seven of the Building Societies Act, 1894 (which confer certain powers of inspection and investigation), and any reference in those sections to the total membership of a building society shall be read accordingly.

(5) The name and address of any person who is a joint holder of shares in a building society, other than the senior joint holder, need not on that account be entered in the register to be maintained under section twenty-seven of this Act, and if a name and address is so entered the entry shall indicate that the person named is a joint holder who is not the senior joint holder.

(6) Joint holders of shares in a building society shall be entitled to choose the order in which they are named in the books of the building society.

66.—(1) Any register, record or book of account to be kept by a building society may be kept either by making entries in bound books or by recording the matters in question in any other manner.

(2) Where any such register, record or book of account is not kept by making entries in a bound book but by some other means, adequate precautions shall be taken for guarding against

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1053

falsification and facilitating its discovery, and where default is made in complying with this subsection, the building society and every officer of the building society who is in default shall be guilty of an offence under this Act

67.—(1) Without prejudice to any other power in that behalf Regulations conferred on him by this Act the Chief Registrar shall have witfh respect power with the consent of the Treasury by statutory instrument doSmaite^and to make regulations with respect to—

(a) the form of, and the particulars to be included in, any certificate issued under the enactments relating to building societies, and any application, notice or other document made or sent to the Chief Registrar or the registrar under or in pursuance of those enactments; and

(b) the fees to be paid for the inspection, or the furnishing of copies, of any document in the custody of the Chief Registrar or the registrar, or in connection with the exercise by the Chief Registrar or the registrar of any of their functions under the said enactments.

(2) Section twenty-six of. and the Third Schedule to, the Building Societies Act, 1894 (which prescribe the form of certain certificates issued by the registrar), shall have effect as if contained in regulations under this section and may be varied or repealed accordingly.

(3) Section forty-four of the principal Act (which confers a power to make regulations with respect to certain fees, and generally for the purpose of carrying into effect the enactments relating to building societies), and so much of subsection (2) of section thirteen of the Building Societies Act, 1939, as provides for the form and contents of the return required by that subsection to be prescribed by rules under the said Act of 1939, shall cease to have effect.

(4) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall affect the continuance in force of any regulations in force at the commencement of this Act under section forty-four of the principal Act, or of any rules under the Building Societies Act, 1939, in force at that date and relating to the return required by subsection (2) of section thirteen of the said Act of 1939; but—

(a) such of the said regulations as could have been made

under this section shall have effect as if they had been so made, and may be varied or revoked accordingly;

(b) such of the said regulations as could not have been so

made may be revoked (but not varied) by regulations under this section; and

(c) the said rules may be varied or revoked by regulations

under this section.

1054

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Appointment 68. The Treasury may at any time when they are satisfied of deputy to that the Chief Registrar is or will be absent from the United

act in place of Kingdom or for any other reason unable to perform his functions Registrar in relation to building societies, appoint a person on such terms as may be specified in the appointment to act as deputy for the Chief Registrar; and a deputy so appointed may exercise all the powers of the Chief Registrar under this Act and the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1940.

Proceedings on 69.—(1) Where the Chief Registrar in exercise of the power apetition by conferred on him by any provision of this Act presents a petition Sr*windiM^B for windin8 UP of a building society under the Companies

a building8 P Act, 1948, the court may, if it Slinks fit, having regard to the society. interests of those members of the building society, if any, who were not responsible for the default which was the occasion of the petition being presented, and to all the other circumstances, refuse to make an order for winding up, and may make its refusal subject to any conditions.

(2) The conditions which the court may impose under die foregoing subsection or under section two hundred and fifty-six of the Companies Act, 1948 (which authorises the court to stay proceedings after the making of an order for winding up), may include conditions for securing—

(a) that the building society be dissolved in one of the ways

mentioned in section thirty-two of the principal Act, or

(b) that the building society unite under section thirty-three

of the principal Act with another building society or that it transfer its engagements to another building society under section five of the Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940.

(3) The said conditions may also include conditions for securing that the default which was the occasion of the petition being presented be made good and that the costs, or, in Scotland, the expenses, of the proceedings on the petition be defrayed by the person or persons responsible for the default

Meaning of 70.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in this Act

financial year the expression " financial year " means—

society.108 (a) in relation to a building society established on or after

the twenty-fifth day of August eighteen hundred and ninety-four, the year ending with the thirty-first day of December, and

(b) in relation to a building society established before the said date, the year ending with the time up to which its accounts are annually made up at the passing of this Act

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1055

(2) A building society whose financial year does not end with the thirty-first day of December may alter its financial year by making up its accounts for one period of more than six months, and not more than eighteen months, ending with the thirty-first day of December, and references in this Act to the financial year of the building society shall include a reference to that period.

71. —(1) The Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply to Provisions as

all powers of making statutory instruments under this Act as to regulations if the Chief Registrar were a Minister of the Crown. and orders’

(2) Any statutory instrument made by the Chief Registrar with the consent of the Treasury under this Act, other than a statutory instrument containing an order under section one of this Act, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

72. —(1) The Acts mentioned in the Fifth Schedule to this Minor and Act shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified, consequential being minor amendments or amendments consequential on the amcndments« provisions of this Act.

(2) In the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1940, the expressions " director " and " member " in relation to a building society shall have the meanings assigned to them by this Act.

73. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires— Interpretation.

" advertisement " means, in relation to a building society, an

advertisement in any medium inviting business or making known the activities of the building society, and includes in particular a circular or handbill inviting business or making known its activities;

" annual return " has the meaning assigned to it by section fifty of this Act;

" banking or finance company " means any body corporate or partnership whose ordinary business includes the business of banking and any other body corporate whose ordinary business includes the business of lending money;

"board", in relation to a building society managed by a committee of management, means that committee;

" building society " means a society incorporated under the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1940, and any such unincorporated society as is mentioned in section seven of the principal Act but does not include a society which is, or for the purposes of those Acts is deemed to be, registered in Northern Ireland or any such unincorporated society as aforesaid whose chief office or principal place of business is in Northern Ireland;

1056

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

" Chief Registrar " means the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies, and " the registrar " means the registrar as defined in section three of the principal Act;

" director ", in relation to a building society, includes a member of a committee of management and any other person occupying the position of director by whatever name called;

" financial year " has the meaning assigned to it by section seventy of this Act;

" member ", in relation to a building society, includes any person who for the time being holds a share, whether advanced or not, in the building society;

"officer", in relation to a building society, includes a director, manager, or secretary of the building society;

" the principal Act " means the Building Societies Act, 1874;

" share " includes stock;

" special advance " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

" special resolution " has the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-nine of this Act.

(2) It is hereby declared that references in this Act to mortgages of land in Northern Ireland include references to registered charges which by virtue of subsection (4) of section forty of the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891, operate as mortgages by deed.

(3) For the purposes of any enactment in this Act which provides that an officer of a building society who is in default shall be liable to a fine or penalty, the expression " officer who is in default " means any officer of the building society who knowingly and wilfully authorises or permits the default, refusal or contravention mentioned in the enactment.

(4) For the purposes of this Act the value of the assets of a building society shall be the value at which the assets are taken into account in the latest balance sheet, and not any alternative values shown in that balance sheet.

(5) For the purposes of any reference in this Act to a person holding shares in a building society up to a specified value, any shares which are fully paid up shall be taken at their nominal value, any shares which are partly paid up shall be taken at the amount which has been paid up on them respectively, and any share held by a person to whom the building society has, as the holder of the share, made an advance shall be disregarded.

1960

Building Societies Act, 1960

Ch. 64

1057

(6) Any reference in this Act to the contravention of any provision of this Act, or of any regulations or directions thereunder, shall include a reference to failure to comply with that provision.

74. There shall be paid out erf money provided by Parliament Expenses, any expenses incurred by the Chief Registrar in consequence of

the provisions of this Act and any money received by the Chief Registrar under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

75. No limitation on the powers of the Parliament of Extension of

Northern Ireland imposed by the Government of Ireland Act, powers of 1920, shall preclude that Parliament from making laws for tte °*

purpose of enabling building societies as defined in this ActjJ^JJ^11

to make advances on the security of land in Northern Ireland in the same manner and in the like circumstances as they may make advances on the security of land in Great Britain, and otherwise for purposes similar to the purposes of this Act

76. The Acts mentioned in the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall Repeals, be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

77. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Building Societies Act, Citation, 1960, and the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1940, and this construction. Act may be cited together as the Building Societies Acts, 1874

to 1960.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1940.

(3) Save as otherwise expressly provided, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into force on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and sixty.

2 L

1058

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Sections 4 and 9.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Special Terms Applying to Certain Shares Part 1

1. Neither at the time when the shares are issued, nor at any other time before the end of the relevant period of five years, shall the terms regarding rate of interest, participation in profits, contribution to losses or rights on a termination or dissolution be, either as a whole or separately, more favourable for those shares than for any other shares in the building society.

2. Until the end of the relevant period of five years the building society shall not give effect to or recognise any transfer of the shares by the person to whom they were issued, and the terms attaching to those shares shall so provide:

Provided that this paragraph shall not prevent the building society from giving effect to any transmission of the shares by operation of law.

3. Until the end of the relevant period of five years, and so long as the building society is not terminated or dissolved, the building society shall not repay the sum subscribed for the shares or any part of that sum, and the terms attaching to the shares shall so provide.

Part II

4.—(1) If at any time before the end of the relevant period of five years there is a failure to comply with the provisions of Part I of this Schedule in relation to any of the shares issued in accordance with section four or, as the case may be, section nine of this Act, the Chief Registrar may, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, present a petition for the winding-up of the building society under the Companies Act, 1948.

(2) Not less than one month before presenting a petition for the winding-up of the building society under the Companies Act, 1948, the Chief Registrar shall send to the building society notice of his decision and may, if he thinks fit, afford to the building society an opportunity of submitting to him, as an alternative to the winding-up of the building society under the Companies Act, 1948, proposals for—

(i a) dissolving the building society in one of the ways mentioned in section thirty-two of the principal Act, or

C b)uniting the society under section thirty-three of the principal Act with another building society or for transferring its engagements to another building society under section five of the Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940,

and the Chief Registrar may, having regard to the proposals, postpone his decision to present a petition for the winding-up of the building society under the Companies Act, 1948.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1059

5. -—(1) Until the end of the relevant period of five years a building society shall not without die consent of the Chief Registrar unite with another building society under section thirty-three of the principal Act or transfer its engagements to any other building society under section five of the Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940, unless the other building society (or, in the case of a union with two or more societies, one of those societies) has been incorporated for more than five years and has assets which exceed one hundred thousand pounds in value.

(2) The Chief Registrar may, where those who were issued with shares to which conditions under this Schedule attach also come to hold shares in the building society formed on the union, or. as the case may be. the building society to which the engagements are transferred, attach to his consent conditions which are in his opinion equivalent conditions, and may on the breach of any of those conditions at any time during the remainder of the said period of five years present a petition for the winding-up of the building society under the Companies Act, 1948.

Part in

6. In this Schedule the relevant period of five years means, in the case of shares issued in pursuance of section four of this Act, the period of five years beginning with the date on which a certificate is issued by the registrar under that section, and, in the case of shares issued in compliance with section nine of this Act, the period of five years beginning with the date of the sending of the notice under subsection (1) of that section.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Requirements to be met by a new Society desiring to Advertise

Special advances

1. The proportion of outstanding advances determined in accordance with paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act by the building society as at the end of the last financial year ending before the date of the application must not have exceeded ten per cent.

Liquidity

2. —(1) At the end of the last financial year ending before the date of the application, the value of the liquid funds of the building society must have been seven and a half per cent or more of the value of the assets of the building society.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph-

fa) the expression " liquid funds " means the funds of the building society (whether represented by investments or on loan to a bank or held in cash) which were not immediately required for its purposes, less any amount due from the building society (whether immediately payable or not) otherwise than in respect of shares in. or deposits with, the building society, and

2 L 2

1st Sen.

Sections.

1060

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 . 2

2nd Sch.

(6) the value of such of the funds of the building society as were represented by investments shall be the value at which they were taken into account in the balance sheet for the said financial year, and not any alternative value shown in that balance sheet.

Advances to officers of society, or companies in which they are interested

3.—(1) At the end of the last financial year ending before the date of the application there must not have been outstanding in whole or in part any advance made by the building society of which particulars were, in compliance with section fifty-four of this Act, shown in any annual return sent to the Chief Registrar by the building society, or in any auditors' report made to the building society.

(2) If particulars of any advance were so shown in any such annual return or auditors* report before the date of the application, the application shall be accompanied by a statutory declaration by the manager or secretary of the building society stating that the advance has been wholly repaid.

Avoidance of losses

4. The application shall contain or be accompanied by a report by the auditors of the building society stating that in their opinion the balance of the revenue and appropriation account for the last financial year ending before the date of the application represents a surplus after making any adjustments which in their opinion an necessary to provide for diminution in value of assets, or in respect of items of an exceptional or abnormal nature.

Interest on shares

5. The building society must not at the date of the application be in arrear with any interest due on shares in the building society.

Directors

6. The application must be accompanied by a statutory declaration by the manager or secretary of the building society stating that none of the directors of the building society held office at the date of the application for a fixed term exceeding five years from appointment, or for a term which was not fixed.

7. Neither any director of the building society nor die manager or secretary may at the date of the application be a person who has been a director or the manager or secretary of a building society at a time when an order has been made against the building society under section six of this Act or section eleven of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958, or section eleven of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1939, unless the order was made more than five years before the date of the application.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1061

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 17.

List of Charges subject to which Societies may make Advances

1. —(1) Any charge over land in Great Britain acquired by a local authority under any Act of Parliament or under any instrument made under an Act of Parliament, being a charge which takes effect by virtue of the Act or instrument.

(2) In this paragraph the expression "local authority* means—

(a) in relation to England and Wales, any authority being, within the meaning of the Local Loans Act, 1875, an authority having power to levy a rate, and (h) in relation to Scotland, any county council, town council or district council, or any authority, commissioners or trustees to which section two hundred and seventy of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, applies.

2. Any charge over land in Northern Ireland required by section two of the Statutory Charges Register Act (Northern Ireland), 1951, to be registered in the statutory charges register.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Section 31

Standard Rules for Meetings of Building Societies Annual general meeting and other meetings

1. —(1) The society shall in the first four months of each financial year hold a meeting as its annual general meeting in addition to any other meetings in that year, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it; and the annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the directors shall appoint

(2) The directors of the society may, whenever they think fit convene a meeting other than the annual general meeting.

Right to requisition a meeting

2. —(1) The directors of the society shall, on the requisition of a number of members of the society which is not less than one tenth of the total membership, or, if the society has more than one thousand members, on the requisition of one hundred or more members, forthwith proceed duly to convene a meeting of the society.

(2) The requisition must state the objects of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the chief office of the society, and may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists.

(3) If the directors do not within twenty-one days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a meeting, the requisitionists, or any proportion of them exceeding one half, may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the said date.

1062

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. (4) The meeting convened under this rule by the requisitionists shall be convened in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which meetings are convened by the directors.

(5) Any reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionists by reason of the failure of the directors duly to convene a meeting shall be repaid to the requisitionists by the society, and any sum so repaid shall be retained by the society out of any sums owed to or coming from the society to such of the directors as were in default by way of fees or other remuneration in respect of their services.

(6) The society or, as the case may be, the requisitionists shall give the members of the society notice of any resolution which die requisitionists propose to move at the meeting at the same time and in the same manner as notice is given of the meeting.

Form of notice of meeting

3. Notice of a meeting of a society shall specify the place, the day and the hour of meeting and the nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting.

Service of notices of meetings and resolutions

4. —(1) A notice may be given by the society to any member by sending it by post to him or to his registered address, or (if he has no registered address within the United Kingdom) to the address, if any, within the United Kingdom supplied by him to the society for the giving of notice to him.

Where a notice is sent by post, service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, prepaying, and posting a letter containing the notice, and to have been effected in the case of a notice of a meeting at the expiration of 24 hours after the letter containing the same is posted, and in any other case at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post

(2) A notice may be given by the society to the joint holders of a share by giving the notice to the joint holder first named in the books of the society in respect of the share.

(3) A notice may be given by the society to the persons entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a member by sending it through the post in a prepaid letter addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like description, at the address, if any, within the United Kingdom supplied for the purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled, or (until such an address has been so supplied) by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

Procedure at meetings

5. —(1) No business shall be transacted at any meeting unless a quorum of members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business; save as herein otherwise provided, five members preseat in person shall be a quorum.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

CH. 64

1063

(2) If within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting, if convened upon the requisition of members, shall be dissolved; in any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week, at the same time and place or to such other day and at such other time and place as the directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting, the members present shall be a quorum.

(3) The chairman, if any, of the board of directors shall preside as chairman at every meeting of the society, or if there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the holding of the meeting, or is unwilling to act, the directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

(4) If at any meeting no director is willing to act as chairman or if no director is present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the members present shall choose one of their number to be the chairman of the meeting.

(5) The chairman may, with the consent of any meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting), adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. When a meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Save as aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting.

(6) At any meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a show of hands unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded—

(a) by the chairman; or

(b) by at least ten members present in person or by proxy.

Unless a poll be so demanded a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has on a show of hands been carried or carried unanimously, or by a particular majority, or lost and an entry to that effect in the book containing the minutes of the proceedings of the society shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against such resolution.

The demand for a poll may be withdrawn.

(7) If a resolution put to the vote of the meeting is a resolution which, under the enactments relating to building societies, will not be effective unless it is passed as a special resolution, a poll shall be deemed to have been demanded by the chairman.

6.—(1) Except as provided in the following provisions of this rule, if a poll is duly demanded it shall be taken in such manner as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll was demanded.

4th Sch.

1064

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 2

4ih Sch. (2) In die case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, the chairman of the meeting at which the show of hands takes place, or at which the poll is demanded, shall he entitled to a second or casting vote.

(3) A ipoll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such time as the chairman of the meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded may be proceeded with pending the taking of the poll.

Votes of Members

7.—(1) On a show of hands every member present in person shall have one vote.

(2) On a poll on a resolution which, under the enactments relating to building societies, will not be effective unless it is passed as a special resolution, every member shall have one vote.

(3) On a poll on any other resolution a member who at the end of the last financial year ending before the date of the meeting held shares in a building society to the value of £25 or more shall have such number of votes as is indicated in the following Table.

Table

Where the member holds shares to Number of

the value of— votes

£25 or more but not more than £100 One vote

More than £100 but not more than £200 Two votes

More than £200 but not more than £300 Three votes

More than £300 but not more than £400 Four votes

More than £400 Five votes

For the purpose of this rule any shares which are fully paid up shall be taken at their nominal value and any shares which are partly paid up shall be taken at the amount which has been paid up on them respectively.

(4) No objection shall be raised to the qualification of any voter except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered, and every vote not disallowed at such meeting shall be valid for all purposes. Any such objection made in due time shall be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

(5) On a poll votes may be given either personally or by proxy.

8.—(1) The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointer or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointer is a corporation, either under seal, or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised. A proxy need not be a member of the society.

(2) The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed or a notarially certified copy of that power or authority shall be deposited at the

1960

Building Societies; 1960

Ch. 64

106$

chief office of the society or at such other place within the United Kingdom as is specified for that purpose in the notice convening the meeting, not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting, or adjourned meeting, at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote, or, in the case of a poll, not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll, and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.

(3) An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form or a form as near thereto as circumstances admit—

" Building Society

I/We of in

the county of , being a member/members of

the above-named society, hereby appoint of , or failing him,

of , as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our

behalf at the meeting of the society to be held on the

day of 19 , and at any adjournment thereof.

Signed this day of 19 "

(4) Where it is desired to afford members an opportunity of voting for or against a resolution the instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form or a form as near thereto as circumstances admit—

" Building Society

I/We of

in die county of • being a member / members of the

above-named society, hereby appoint of . or failing him

of , as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our

behalf at the meeting of the society, to be held on the

day of 19 , and at any adjournment thereof.

Signed this day of 19

This form is to be usedthe resolution. Unless other-

against

wise instructed, the proxy will vote as he thinks fit

* Strike out whichever is not ."

(5) The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to confer authority to demand or join in demanding a poll.

(6) A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the share in respect of which the proity is given, provided that no intimation in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer as aforesaid shall have been received by the society at its office before the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the proxy is used.

2 L*

4th Sch.

1066

Ch. 64

Building Societies; 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

4th Sch.

Section 72.

/om/ shareholders

9.—(1) A joint holding of shares in the society shall not give to any of the joint holders, other than the one 'who is first named in the books of the society, the right to attend a meeting or any right conferred by these rules on a member.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this rule, any shares which are held jointly shall, for the purpose of determining which members are qualified to vote, whether in person or by proxy, on any resolution, and the number of votes they may give, be regarded as held by the joint holder who is first named in the books of the society.

(3) Any reference in these rules to the total membership of the society, or to any number of members of the society, shall be read as if any shares held jointly were held by the joint holder so first named.

Corporations acting by representatives at meetings

10. Any corporation which is a member of the society may by resolution of its directors or other governing body authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the society or of any class of members of the society, and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as that corporation could exercise if it were an individual member of the society.

FIFTH SCHEDULE Minor and Consequential Amendments The Friendly Societies Act, 1829 (10 Geo. 4 c. 56.

Sections nine and thirty-three shall cease to apply to unincorporated building societies.

The Building Societies Act, 1874 (37 & 38 Vict c. 42.

In section sixteen, at the beginning of paragraph 6 insert Ifae words " The manner of remunerating auditors and ", and the word "auditors " after the word "management " in that paragraph shall be omitted.

In section eighteen for the words "that the provisions of this section have been complied with " substitute the words " that the resolution has been passed as a special resolution as defined in the Building Societies Act, 1960

In section twenty-two for the words from "resolution" to " purpose " substitute " special resolution (as defined in the Building Societies Act, 1960) ".

So much of section twenty-five as relates to the appointment and removal of trustees, and section twenty-six, shall cease to have effect.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1067

In paragraph 4 of section thirty-two for the words " three-fourths of the members present at a general meeting of the society specially called for the purpose" substitute the words "special resolution (as defined in the Building Societies Act, 1960)

The Building Societies Act, 1894 (57 & 58 Vict c. 47.

Section four shall cease to have effect.

In subsection (2) of section six for the words " the Gazette " substitute the words "the London and Edinburgh Gazettes"

In subsection (3) of section six both after the word "registry" and after the word "thereof " insert the words " under this section "

In subsection (5) of section six after the word 44 has " insert the words44 under this section ".

In subsection (3) of section seven for the words "the Gazette" substitute the words "the London and Edinburgh Gazettes".

In subsection (2) of section twelve for the words "present or voting by voting papers " in both places substitute the words 44 voting in person or by proxy or by voting papers".

In subsection (3) of section twelve for the words 44 fourteen days " substitute the words " twenty-one days ".

In section twenty-three for the words "and in default of payment" substitute the word "or".

The Building Societies Act, 1939 (2 & 3 Geo. 6 c. 55.

Sections four and twelve shall cease to have effect.

In subsection (2) of section thirteen in its application to an annual return under this Act for the word 44 registrar " substitute the words 44 Chief Registrar

The Societies {Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act, 1940 (3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 19.

In subsection (1) of section five for the words from "means" to the end of the subsection substitute 44 has the same meaning as indie Building Societies Act, 1960 ".

In subsection (2) of section five for the words " the Gazette " substitute the words 44 the London and Edinburgh Gazettes".

2 L* 2

5th Sch.

1068

Ch. 64

Building Societies Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Section 76.

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Repeals

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

37 & 38 Vict, c. 42.

The Building Societies In section sixteen, in paragraph 3, Act, 1874. the words from " and the

manner " to the end of the

paragraph, and paragraphs 5,7

and 8.

In section seventeen, the words from "provided that* to the words " such registration ".

In section eighteen, the words from the beginning to " its rules direct; and*.

In section twenty-two, the words from "provided that" to the words " such registration Sections twenty-five and twenty-six.

40 & 41 Vict c. 63.

57 & 58 Vict c. 47.

The Building Societies Art, 1877.

The Building Societies Act 1894.

Section thirty.

Section forty.

Section forty-four.

In section two, the words from " nor shall " to " apply to such change ".

Sections two to four.

Subsection (2) of section thirteen. Sections sixteen and seventeen. Section nineteen.

Section twenty-one.

Section twenty-five.

The First Schedule.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 55.

The Building Societies Act, 1939.

Subsection (3) of section three. Section four.

Section six.

Section twelve.

In section thirteen, in subsection

(2) , the words from " which shall be " to " particulars as may be prescribed ", and in subsection

(3) , the words from "subject to " to " Building Societies Act, 1874 ".

In section fourteen, in subsection (1), the words "(whether an officer of the society or not)" and, in subsection (2), the words "whether they are or axe not officers of the society ".

In subsection (1) of section fifteen, the words " with the provisions of subsection (3) of section twelve of this Act or " and the words " or (2) ", and subsection

(4) of that section.

1960

Building Societies , 1960

Ch. 64

1069

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 19.

The Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940.

In section five, in subsection (2), the words " in such manner as he may prescribe*' and the words " or by section nineteen of the Building Societies Act, 1894".

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 39.

6 A 7 Eliz. 2. c. 45.

7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 6.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act, 1948.

The Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958.

In section nineteen, in subsection (5), paragraph () and the word "and" at the end of paragraph (c).

Section eleven, except as respects orders in force under that section at the commencement of this Act

The National Debt Act, 1958.

The Highways Act, 1959.

In section fifteen, in subsection (3), the words " subsection (2) of section sixteen of the Budding Societies Act, 1894".

Section one hundred and ninety-nine.

6ihSch.

oooo

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Friendly Societies Act, 1829

Budding Societies Act, 1836

Budding Societies Act 1874

Local Loans Act, 1875

Budding Societies Act 1877

Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891

Budding Societies Act 1894

Government of Ireland Act 1920 Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1939

Budding Societies Act 1939

Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1940

Statutory Instruments Act 1946

Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947...

Companies Act 1948

Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958

10 Geo. 4. c. 56.

6 A 7 Wdl. 4. c. 32.

37 & 38 Vict c. 42.

38 & 39 Vict c. 83.

40 & 41 Vict c. 63.

54 & 55 Vict c. 66.

57 & 58 Vict c. 47.

10 A 11 Geo. 5. c. 67. 2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 16.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 55.

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 19.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. 6 A 7 Eliz. 2. c. 45.

1070

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice , 1960 8 & 9 Hu 7,2

CHAPTER 65

Administration of Justice Act, 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Appeal to House of Lords in criminal cases

Section

1. Right of appeal.

2. Application for leave to appeal.

3. Special provisions as to capital cases.

4. Admission of appellant to bail.

5. Power to order detention or admission to bail of defendant.

6. Computation of sentence where bail granted.

7. Restitution and investing of property.

8. Legal aid and costs on appeal from Court of Criminal Appeal.

9. Procedure.

10. Appeals from Courts-Martial Appeal Court.

Contempt of court, habeas corpus and certiorari

11. Innocent publication and distribution.

12. Publication of information relating to proceedings in private.

13. Appeal in cases of contempt of court.

14. Procedure on application for habeas corpus.

15. Appeal in habeas corpus proceedings.

16. Power of High Court to vary sentence on certiorari.

Supplementary

17. Interpretation.

18. Provisions as to Northern Ireland.

19. Minor and consequential amendments and repeals.

20. Short title and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Modifications of sections 1 to 9 in relation to Appeals from Courts-Martial Appeal Court

Second Schedule—Modifications of Act in relation to Northern Ireland.

Third Schedule—Minor and consequential amendments.

Fourth Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to make further provision for appeals to the House of Lords in criminal cases; to amend the law relating to contempt of court, habeas corpus and certiorari; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid

[27th October, 1960]

1960

Administration of Justice Act, 1960

Ch. 65

1071

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Appeal to House of Lords in Criminal Cases

1«—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an appeal Right of shall lie to the House of Lords, at the instance of the defendantappcal# or the prosecutor,—

(a) from any decision of a Divisional Court of the Queen's Bench Division in a criminal cause or matter;

(b) from any decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal on an appeal to that court.

(2) No appeal shall lie under this section except with the leave of the court below or of the House of Lords; and such leave shall not be granted unless it is certified by the court below that a point of law of general public importance is involved in the decision and it appears to that court or to the House of Lords, as the case may be, that the point is one which ought to be considered by that House.

(3) Section five of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876 (which regulates the composition of the House of Lords for the hearing and determination of appeals) shall apply to the hearing and determination of an appeal or application for leave to appeal under this section as it applies to the hearing and determination of an appeal under that Act; and any order of that House which provides for the hearing of such applications by a committee constituted in accordance with the said section five may direct that the decision of that committee shall be taken on behalf of the House.

(4) For the purpose of disposing of an appeal under this section the House of Lords may exercise any powers of the court below or may remit the case to that court.

(5) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,44 leave to appeal " means leave to appeal to the House of Lords under this section.

2,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an application Application to the court below for leave to appeal shall be made within the to period of fourteen days beginning with the date of the decision of appeaL that court; and an application to the House of Lords for such leave shall be made within the period of fourteen days beginning with the date on which the application is refused by the court below.

1072

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Special provisions as to capital cases.

Admission of appellant to bail.

(2) In the case of an appeal by a protected prisoner of war or protected internee within the meaning of the Geneva Conventions Act, 1957, the periods specified in subsection (1) of this section shall be extended until fourteen days after the date on which the applicant receives notice, given as mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section four of that Act, that the protecting power has been notified of the decision of the court below, or of the refusal by that court of the application, as the case may be.

(3) Except in a case involving sentence of death, the House of Lords or the court below may, upon application made at any time by the defendant, extend the time within which an application may be made by him to that House or that court under subsection (1) of this section.

3. —(1) Any application for leave to appeal in a case involving sentence of death, and any appeal for which leave is granted on such an application, shall be heard and determined with as much expedition as practicable.

(2) Where an appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal is dismissed in a case involving sentence of death, the sentence shall not in any case be executed until after the expiration of the time within which an application for leave to appeal may be made; and if such an application is duly made, the sentence shall not be executed while that application, and any appeal for which leave is granted thereon, is pending.

4. —(1) The power of the Court of Criminal Appeal under section fourteen of the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907, to grant bail pending an appeal to that court shall include power to grant bail to an appellant pending an appeal from that court under section one of this Act.

(2) The power of the High Court under any enactment or rule of law to grant bail in connection with proceedings pending before a Divisional Court shall include power to grant bail to an appellant pending an appeal under section one of this Act in such proceedings; and in relation to any recognizance to be entered into under section thirty-seven of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948, as applied by this subsection, any reference in that section to the judgment of the High Court shall be construed as a reference to the judgment of the House of Lords or, if the case is remitted by that House to the court below, to the judgment of that court on the case as so remitted.

(3) Where application is made to a Divisional Court for leave to appeal, that court may give such directions as it thinks fit for

1960

Administration of Justice Actt 1960

Ch. 65

1073

discharging or enlarging any recognizances entered into by the applicant or any surety, under any enactment or otherwise, with reference to the proceedings of that court.

5*—(1) Where the defendant in any proceedings from which Power to order an appeal lies under section one of this Act would, but for the detention or decision of the court below, be liable to be detained, and imme- 011 to diately after that decision the prosecutor is granted, or gives defendant, notice that he intends to apply for, leave to appeal, the court may make an order providing for the detention of the defendant, or directing that he shall not be released except on bail, so long as any appeal under section one of this Act is pending.

(2) Bail may be granted under this section by the court below subject to the like conditions and other incidents and subject to the like power of variation and revocation (if any) by that court as in the case of bail granted to a person appealing under section one of this Act from a decision of that court

(3) An order under subsection (1) of this section shall (unless the appeal has previously been disposed of) cease to have effect at the expiration of the period for which the defendant would have been liable to be detained but for the decision of the court below.

(4) Any order made under the said subsection (1) for the detention of a defendant who, but for the decision of the court below, would be liable to be detained in pursuance of an order or direction under Part V of the Mental Health Act, 1959, shall be an order authorising his continued detention in pursuance of the order or direction under the said Part V, and the provisions of the said Act with respect to persons so liable (including provisions as to the renewal of authority for detention and the removal or discharge of patients) shall apply accordingly.

(5) Where the court below has power to make an order under subsection (1) of this section, and either no such order is made or the defendant is released or discharged by virtue of subsection (3) or subsection (4) of this section before the appeal is disposed of, the defendant shall not be liable to be again detained as the result of the decision of the House of Lords on the appeal.

6.—(1) Where a person subject to a sentence is admitted to Computation bail pending an appeal under section one of this Act, the time of sentena during which he is at large after being so admitted shall be whc*JL?aiI disregarded in computing the term of his sentence. 87811

(2) In relation to a person sentenced to borstal training, the reference in subsection (1) of this section to the term of his

1074

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice Act, 1960 8 & 9 2

Restitution and revesting of property.

sentence shall be construed as a reference to the period during which, under section forty-five of the Prison Act, 1952, he may be detained in a borstal institution; and nothing in that subsection shall be construed as affecting the period during which a person so sentenced is liable to supervision under the said section forty-five.

(3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, any sentence passed on an appeal under section one of this Act in substitution for another sentence shall, unless the House of Lords or the court below otherwise directs, begin to run from the time when that other sentence would have begun to run.

7.—--(1) Where the operation of an order for the restitution of property made on conviction on indictment is suspended until the determination of an appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal, then, if the conviction is not quashed on that appeal the operation of the order shall continue to be suspended—

(a) in any case, until the expiration of the time within whidi

an application for leave to appeal may be made (disregarding any extension of time which may be granted under section two of this Act); and

(b) if any such application is made within that time, so

long as the appeal under section one of this Act is pending.

(2) Where the operation of any such order as aforesaid is suspended under this section—

(a) the order shall not take effect if the conviction is quashed

on appeal to the House of Lords;

(b) such steps shall be taken for the safe custody of the

property in question during the period during which the operation of the order is suspended as may be prescribed by rules under section eighteen of the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907.

(3) Where by reason of the quashing by the Court of Criminal Appeal of a person’s conviction any such order does not take effect and on an appeal under this Act the conviction is restored by the House of Lords, that House may make any order for the restitution of property which could be made on his conviction by the court which convicted him. 4 * * * *

(4) This section applies in relation to subsection (1) of section

twenty-four of the Sale of Goods Act, 1893 (which provides that

the property in stolen goods is to revest in the owner on the

conviction of the thief) as it applies in relation to an order for

the restitution of property; and without prejudice to the powers

1960

Administration of Justice , 1960

Ch. 65

107

of the House of Lords under subsection (3) of this section, the said section twenty-four shall apply in any case where a conviction on indictment is restored by that House as it applies on the conviction of an offender.

8. —(1) Section ten of the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907 (which Legal aid enables the Court of Criminal Appeal to grant legal aid to "6 a38^on an appellant under -that Act), and subsection (3) of section ccS^of m three of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952, so far as it relates criminal

to the payment out of local funds of the fees of counsel and the Appeal, expenses and fees of any solicitor assigned to an appellant under the said section ten, shall have effect as if references to an appeal and an appellant included references to an appeal under section one of this Act and to the defendant (whether appellant or respondent in the appeal).

(2) In relation to any expenses or fees payable out of local funds by virtue of the foregoing subsection, subsection (3) of section three of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952, shall have effect as if for the words " up to an amount allowed by die Court" there were substituted die words "up to an amount allowed by the House of Lords or by such officer or officers of that House as may be prescribed by order of that House

(3) Where the Court of Criminal Appeal or the House of Lords dismisses an application for leave to appeal from that court, that court or that House may, if it (thinks fit,—

(a) where the application was made by the prosecutor, order

the payment out of local funds of such sums as appear to it reasonably sufficient to compensate the defendant for any expenses properly incurred by him in resisting the application;

(b) where the application was made by the defendant, order

him to pay the whole or any part Of the costs of the application.

(4) Except as provided by this section and section four of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952 (which empowers the House of Lords to award costs to a defendant who is successful on an appeal to that House), no costs shall be allowed on the hearing or determination of an appeal under section one of this Act from the Court of Criminal Appeal or of any proceedings preliminary or incidental to such an appeal.

(5) Subsection (3) of this section shall be construed as one with the Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952. 9

9. —(1) Section eighteen of the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907 Procedure, (which provides for the making of rules of court for the purposes

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice; 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

1076 Ch. 65 Administration of Justice , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

of that Act) shall have effect as if references to that Act included references to the foregoing provisions of this Act so far as they relate to the Court of Criminal Appeal. (2) Subsection (4) of section thirty-seven of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948 (which enables rules of court to be made with respect to the security given for the purposes of that section and the recommittal of persons admitted to bail thereunder) shall have effect as if references to that section included references to sections four and five of this Act so far as they relate to a Divisional Court. (3) A defendant who is detained pending an appeal under section one of this Act shall not be entitled to be present on the hearing of the appeal or of any proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto except where an order of the House of Lords or rules of court, as the case may be, authorise him to be present or where that House or the court below, as the case may be, gives him leave to be present (4) The following powers of the Court of Criminal Appeal under this Act may be exercised by any judge of that court that is to say the power— (a) to extend under section two of this Act the time far making an application for leave to appeal; (b) to make an order for or in relation to bail under this Act; (c) to grant free legal aid under section eight of this Act; or id) to give leave under subsection (3) of this section to be present at the hearing of any proceedings preliminary or incidental to an appeal; but where the judge refuses an application to exercise any such power, the applicant shall be entitled to have the application determined by the court.

Appeals from 10. The foregoing provisions of this Act shall apply in Courts-Martial relation to the Courts-Martial Appeal Court as they apply in Appeal Court, relation to the Court of Criminal Appeal subject to the modifications set out in the First Schedule to this Act, and shall so

Innocent publication and distribution. apply whether the court is sitting within or outside the United Kingdom. Contempt of court, habeas corpus and certiorari 11.—(1) A person shall not be guilty of contempt of court on the ground that he has published any matter calculated to interfere with the course of justice in connection with any proceedings pending or imminent at the time of publication if at that time (having taken all reasonable care) he did not know and

1960

Administration of Justice , 1960

Ch. 65

1077

had no reason to suspect that the proceedings were pending, or that such proceedings were imminent, as the case may be.

(2) A person shall not be guilty of contempt of court on the ground that he has distributed a publication containing such matter as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section if at the time of distribution (having taken all reasonable care) he did not know that it contained any such matter as aforesaid and had no reason to suspect that it was likely to do so.

(3) The proof of any fact tending to establish a defence afforded by this section to any person in proceedings for contempt of court shall lie upon that person.

12.—(1) The publication of information relating to proceed- Publication of ings before any court sitting in private shall not of itself be information contempt of court except in the following cases, that is to

say—

(a) where the proceedings relate to the wardship or adoption

of an infant or wholly or mainly to the guardianship, custody, maintenance or upbringing of an infant, or rights of access to an infant;

(b) where the proceedings are brought under Part VIII of

the Mental Health Act, 1959, or under any provision of that Act authorising an application or reference to be made to a Mental Health Review Tribunal or to a county court;

in private.

(c) where the court sits in private for reasons of national security during that part of the proceedings about which the information in question is published;

() where the information relates to a secret process, dis-

covery or invention which is in issue in the proceedings;

(e) where the court (having power to do so) expressly pro-

hibits the publication of all information relating to the proceedings or of information of the description which is published.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing subsection, the publication of the text or a summary of the whole or part of an order made by a court sitting in private shall not of itself be contempt of court except where the court (having power to do so) expressly prohibits the publication.

(3) In this section references to a court include references to a judge and to a tribunal and to any person exercising the functions of a oourt, a judge or a tribunal; and references to a court sitting in private include references to a court sitting in camera or in chambers.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as implying that any publication is punishable as contempt of court which would not be so punishable apart from this section.

1078

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Appeal inca of contempt of court.

13.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an appeal shall lie under this section from any order or decision of a court in the exercise of jurisdiction to punish for contempt of court (including criminal contempt); and in relation to any such order or decision the provisions of this section shall have effect in substitution for any other enactment relating to appeals in civil or criminal proceedings.

(2) An appeal under this section shall lie in any case at the instance of the defendant and, in the case of an application for committal or attachment, at die instance of the applicant; and the appeal shall lie—

la) from an order or decision of any inferior court not referred to in the next following paragraph, to a Divisional Court of the High Court;

(b) from an order or decision of a county court or any other inferior court from which appeals generally lie to the Court of Appeal, and from an order or decision of the Chancery Court of a County Palatine, of a single judge of the High Court, or of any court having die powers of the High Court or of a judge of that court, to the Court of Appeal;

(c) from an order or decision of a Divisional Court or

the Court of Appeal (including a decision of either of those courts on an appeal under this section), and from an order or decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal or the Courts-Martial Appeal Court, to the House of Lords.

(3) The court to which an appeal is brought under this section may reverse or vary the order or decision of the court below, and make such other order as may be just; and without prejudice to the inherent powers of any court referred to in subsection (2) of this section, provision may be made by rules of court for authorising the release on bail of an appellant under this section.

(4) Subsections (2) to (4) of section one and section two of this Act shall apply to an appeal to the House of Lords under this section as they apply to an appeal to that House under the said section one, except that so much of the said subsection (2) as restricts the grant of leave to appeal shall apply only where the decision of the court below is a decision on appeal to that court under this section.

(5) In this section "oourt" includes any tribunal or person having power to punish for contempt; and references in this section to an order or decision of a court in the exercise of jurisdiction to punish for contempt of court include references—

(a) to an order or decision of the High Court or a county court under any enactment enabling that court to deal with an offence as if it were contempt of court;

1960

Administration of Justice Act, 1960

Ch. 65

1079

(b) to an order or decision of a county court, or of any court

having the powers of a county court, under section thirty, section one hundred and twenty-seven or section one hundred and fifty-seven of the County Courts Act, 1959;

(c) to an order or decision of a magistrates’ court under sub-

section (3) of section fifty-four of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952,

but do not include references to orders under section five of the Debtors Act, 1869, or under any provision of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, or the County Courts Act, 1959, except those referred to in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this subsection and except sections seventy-four and one hundred and ninety-five of the last mentioned Act so far as those sections confer jurisdiction in respect of contempt of court.

(6) This section does not apply to a conviction or sentence in respect of which an appeal lies under the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907, or to a decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal under that Act; and for the purposes of that Act and of this subsection an order for the punishment of any person for contempt of court in proceedings in which he has a right of appeal against his sentence shall be treated as part of that sentence.

14.—(1) On a criminal application for habeas corpus an Procedure on order for the release of the person restrained shall be refused only apptotionfor by a Divisional Court of the Queen’s Bench Division, whether habca* corpu4* the application is made in the first instance to such a court or to a single judge in accordance with rules of court.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment or rule of law, where a criminal or civil application for habeas corpus has been made by or in respect of any person, no such application shall again be made by or in respect of that person on the same grounds, whether to the same court or judge or to any other court or judge, unless fresh evidence is adduced in support of the application; and no such application shall in any case be made to the Lord Chancellor.

(3) In every case where the person by or in respect of whom an application for habeas corpus is made is restrained as a person liable, or treated by virtue of any enactment as liable, to be detained in pursuance of an order or direction under Part V of the Mental Health Act, 1959 (otherwise than by virtue of paragraph (e) or paragraph if) of subsection (2) of section seventy-three of that Act), the application shall be deemed for the purposes of this section and of any appeal in the proceedings to constitute a criminal cause or matter.

1080

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice A, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Appeal in 15.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an appeal

shall lie, in any proceedings upon application for habeas corpus, proceedings, whether civil or criminal, against an order for the release of the person restrained as well as against the refusal of such an order.

(2) No appeal shall lie by virtue of this section from an order made by a single judge on a criminal application for habeas corpus.

(3) In relation to a decision of a Divisional Court on a criminal application for habeas corpus, section one of this Act shall have effect as if so much of subsection (2) as restricts die grant of leave to appeal were omitted.

(4) Except as provided by section five of this Act in the case of an appeal against an order of a Divisional Court on a criminal application, an appeal brought by virtue of this section shall not affect the right of the person restrained to be discharged in pursuance of the order under appeal and (unless an order under subsection (1) of that section is in force at the determination of the appeal) to remain at large regardless of the decision on appeal

Power of High 16.—(1) Where a person who has been sentenced for an offence

Court to vary by a magistrates* court or, on appeal against conviction or certiorai?11 sentence, by quarter sessions applies to the High Court for an order of certiorari to remove the proceedings of the magistrates* court or the court of quarter sessions into the High Court, and the High Court determines that the magistrates* court or court of quarter sessions had no power to pass the sentence, the High Court may, instead of quashing the conviction, amend it by substituting for the sentence passed any sentence which the magistrates’ court had power to impose.

(2) Any sentence passed by the High Court by virtue of this section in substitution for the sentence passed in the proceedings of the magistrates’ court or quarter sessions shall, unless the High Court otherwise directs, begin to run from the time when it would have begun to run if passed in those proceedings; but in computing the term of the sentence any time during which the offender was at large after being admitted to bail in pursuance of paragraph () of subsection (1) of section thirty-seven of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948, shall be disregarded.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, in relation to any order of a magistrates* court or oourt of quarter sessions which is made on, but does not form part of, the conviction of an offender as they apply in relation to a conviction and sentence.

1960

Administration of Justice Act, 1960

Ch. 65

1081

Supplementary

17. —(1) In this Act any reference to the defendant shall be Interpretation, construed—

(a) in relation to proceedings for an offence, and in relation to an application for an order of mandamus, prohibition or certiorari in connection with such proceedings, as a reference to the person who was or would have been the defendant in those proceedings;

(6) in relation to any proceedings or order for or in respect of contempt of court, as a reference to the person against whom the proceedings were brought or the order was made;

(c) in relation to a criminal application for habeas corpus, as a reference to the person by or in respect of whom that application was made, and any reference to the prosecutor shall be construed accordingly.

(2) In this Act "application for habeas corpus'* means an application for a writ of habeas corpus ad subjiciendum and references to a criminal application or civil application shall be construed according as the application does or does not constitute a criminal cause or matter.

(3) In this Act any reference to the court below shall, in relation to any function of a Divisional Court, be construed as a reference to the Divisional Court or to a judge according as the function is by virtue of rules of court exercisable by the Divisional Court or a judge.

(4) An appeal under section one of this Act shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as pending until any application for leave to appeal is disposed of and, if leave to appeal is granted, until the appeal is disposed of; and for the purposes of this Act an application for leave to appeal shall be treated as disposed of at the expiration of the time within which it may be made, if it is not made within that time.

(5) In this Act references to an appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal shall be construed as including references to proceedings under the Crown Cases Act, 1848.

(6) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a reference thereto as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

18. —(1) No limitation or restriction imposed by the Govern- Provisions as ment of Ireland Act, 1920, on the power of the Parliament of Northern Northern Ireland to make laws shall preclude that ParliamentlrelaiKL from enacting provisions—

(a) conferring any jurisdiction or power on the Court of Criminal Appeal in Northern Ireland or any judge or officer of that court;

1082

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Minor and consequential amendments and repeals.

Short title and extent.

(b) conferring on the rule-making authority power to make rules of court regulating the procedure and practice of that court;

and subsection (3) of section twenty-one of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930 (which, in effect, enables that Parliament to amend or repeal that Act so far as it relates to matters within the powers of that Parliament) shall have effect accordingly.

(2) For the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, this Act shall, so far as it relates to matters within the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, be deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning of that section.

(3) An appeal shall lie to the House of Lords from any decision of the Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland in proceedings begun by a civil application for habeas corpus in like manner and subject to the like conditions (including requirements as to leave to appeal) as an appeal from a decision of the Court of Appeal in England in such proceedings.

(4) This Act shall, in its application to Northern Ireland, have effect subject to the modifications set out in the Second Schedule to this Act; but this subsection shall not affect the operation of section ten of this Act in relation to proceedings of the Courts-Martial Appeal Court sitting in Northern Ireland.

19. —(1) The enactments described in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule, being minor amendments and amendments consequential on the provisions of this Act

(2) The enactments described in the Fourth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) The repeals effected by subsection (2) of this section in section four of the Geneva Conventions Act, 1957, shall not affect the power of Her Majesty under subsection (2) of section eight of that Act to extend the provisions of that Act outside the United Kingdom.

20. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Administration of Justice Act, 1960.

(2) Except so far as it relates to appeals from the Courts-Martial Appeal Court and to proceedings preliminary or incidental to such appeals, this Act shall not extend to Scotland.

I960

Administration of Justice , 1960

Ch. 65

1083

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Modifications of Sections 1 to 9 in relation to Appeals from Courts-Martial Appeal Court

1. —(1) The power to grant bail under section four or section five shall not be exercised by the Courts-Martial Appeal Court except in respect of persons who—

(a) not being subject to the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, to

military law or to air force law, are liable by virtue of any of the provisions of the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, to be tried as if they were so subject; or

(b) are subject to the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, by virtue only

of subsection (1) of section one hundred and nineteen of that Act (which relates to sentenced offenders).

(2) Where bail is granted by the court under section four or section five it may be granted subject to the like conditions and other incidents and subject to the like power of variation and revocation as in the case of bail granted by the Court of Criminal Appeal.

(3) In subsection (4) of section five the references to any provision of the Mental Health Act, 1959, shall include references to the corresponding provision of the enactments for the time being in force in Scotland and Northern Ireland with respect to prisoners or other persons suffering from mental illness or other mental disorder.

2. —(1) In section seven, for the references to an order for the restitution of property there shall be substituted references to an order under section seventy-six of the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, section one hundred and thirty-eight of the Army Act, 1955, or section one hundred and thirty-eight of the Air Force Act, 1955.

(2) In subsection (2) of section seven for the reference to section eighteen of the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907, there shall be substituted a reference to section twenty-two of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951.

(3) In subsection (3) of section seven the reference to the court which convicted a person shall, in relation to an appeal relating to a conviction under the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, include a reference to the Admiralty.

3. -—(1) Section eight shall not apply, but the following provisions of this paragraph shall apply instead.

(2) Section ten of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951 (which enables the Courts-Martial Appeal Court to grant legal assistance to an appellant under that Act) shall have effect as if references to an appeal and an appellant included references to an appeal under section one of this Act and to the defendant (whether appellant or respondent in the appeal).

Section 10l

1084

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

lir Sch.

Section 18.

(3) Where the Courts-Martial Appeal Court or the House of Lords dismisses an application for leave to appeal under the said section one, that court or that House may-

fa) where the application was made by the Admiralty or the Secretary of State, direct the payment by the Admiralty or the Secretary of State, as the case may require, of such sums as appear to the court or the House to be reasonably sufficient to compensate the defendant for any expenses properly incurred by him in resisting the application;

(b) where the application was made by the defendant, make the like order as may be made by the court under subsection (3) of section thirteen of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951, where it dismisses an application for leave to appeal to that court;

and any order made under paragraph (b) of this sub-paragraph may be enforced in the same manner as an order made under the said subsection (3).

(4) Except as provided by sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph and subsection (2) of the said section thirteen (which empowers die House of Lords to award costs to a defendant who is successful on an appeal to that House) no costs shall be allowed on the hearing or determination of an appeal under section one of this Act from the Courts-Martial Appeal Court or of any proceedings preliminary or incidental to such an appeal.

4. For subsection (1) of section nine there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (1) Section twenty-two of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 (which provides for the making of rules of court for the purposes of Part I of that Act) shall have effect as if references to the said Part I included references to the foregoing provisions of this Act so far as they relate to the Courts-Martial Appeal Court."

SECOND SCHEDULE Modifications of Act in relation to Northern Ireland

Part 1 General Modifications

1. For any reference to the Court of Criminal Appeal there shall be substituted a reference to the Court of Criminal Appeal in Northern Ireland.

2. For references to the High Court and the Court of Appeal there shall be substituted references to the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland and the Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland respectively, and references to a Divisional Court of the Queen's Bench Division shall be construed accordingly.

3. Any reference to a magistrates' court shall be construed as a reference to a court of summary jurisdiction or a resident magistrate or justice of the peace sitting out of petty sessions to hear and determine any charge which he has power so to hear and determine.

1960

Administration of Justice Act, 1960

Ch. 65

1085

4. For references to the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907, and the provisions of that Act set out in the first column of the following Table there shall be substituted references to the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930, and the provisions set out in the second column of that Table.

Table

Criminal Appeal Act, 1907 Criminal Appeal {Northern

Act, 1930

Section ten Subsection (2) of section ten

Section fourteen Section thirteen

Section eighteen Section sixteen

5. For any reference to an order of mandamus, prohibition or certiorari there shall be substituted a reference to a writ of mandamus, prohibition or certiorari.

6. Any reference in a provision of this Act to any other provision of Act shall be construed as a reference to that other provision as modified by this Schedule, and any reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as including references to an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

Part n Spbofic Modifications

Section one

At the end of subsection (1) there shall be added the following paragraph:—

" (c) from any decision of the Court of Appeal in a criminal cause or matter upon a case stated by a county court or a magistrates* court *.

Section four

(1) For subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

44 (2) Without prejudice to any other power of the Supreme Court or a judge thereof to grant bail, a person seeking to appeal from the Court of Appeal or the Divisional Court of the Queen's Bench Division under section one of this Act may be admitted to bail by the court below pending the appeal; and in relation to any recognizances to be entered into under section three of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1857, or under section twenty-six of the Summary Jurisdiction and Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland), 1935, any reference in those sections to the judgment of the Court of Appeal shall be construed as including a reference to the judgment of the House of Lords or, if the case is remitted by that House to the Court of Appeal, to the judgment of that court on the case as so remitted.*

(2) In subsection (3) the reference to the Divisional Court shall include a reference to the Court of Appeal

Section five

In subsection (4), for any reference to any provision of the Mental Health Act, 1959, there shall be substituted a reference to the

2nd Sch.

1086

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch.

corresponding provision of the enactments for the time being in force in Northern Ireland with respect to prisoners or other persons suffering from mental illness or other mental disorder.

Section six

In subsection (2) for references to section forty-five of the Prison Act, 1952, there shall be substituted references to the Second Schedule to the Prison Act (Northern Ireland) 1953.

Section eight

(1) In subsection (1), the words from " and subsection (3)* to "the said section ten* shall be omitted, and for subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

44 (2) The fees of any counsel, and the expenses and fees of any solicitor, assigned to a defendant by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, in either case up to an amount allowed by the House of Lords or by such officer or officers of that House as may be prescribed by order of that House, shall be paid by the Ministry of Home Affairs."

(2) In subsection (3), for any reference to an order for the payment out of local funds of any sums referred to in that section there shall be substituted a reference to an order for payment by the Ministry of Home Affairs of such sums.

(3) After subsection (3) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

44 (3a) Where an appeal to the House of Lords from the Court of Criminal Appeal in Northern Ireland under section one of this Act is determined in favour of the defendant, the House of Lords may, if it thinks fit, order the payment by the Ministry of Home Affairs of such sums as appear to the House reasonably sufficient to compensate the defendant for any expenses properly incurred by him—

(a) in the appeal to the House of Lords or in the proceedings

before the Court of Criminal Appeal, as the case may be (including the cost of any application for leave to appeal); or

(b) in carrying on his defence before the court of assize or county court, at the preliminary investigation and before any other court of assize or county court before which proceedings for the offence in respect of which he was committed for trial were begun but not concluded."

(4) In subsection (4), the words from "and section four" to 44 that House)" shall be omitted.

(5) For subsection (5) there shall be substituted the following subsection :—

44 (5) Where the Court of Criminal Appeal or the House of Lords orders the payment of costs by the defendant under this section, the order shall be enforceable in the same manner as an order for payment of costs made by the High Court in a civil case."

Section nine

For subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following subsection :—

1960

Administration of Justice , 1960

Ch. 65

1087

44 (2) Without prejudice to the power to make rules of court under section sixty-one of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, any such rules may be made—

(a) for determining the cases in which the powers of the Divisional Court or Court of Appeal under this Act may be exercised by a judge thereof;

(b) for prescribing the persons before whom and the manner in which a recognizance shall be entered into, or other security given, where bail is granted to a person under section four or section five of this Act pending an appeal under section one of this Act from the decision of a Divisional Court or the Court of Appeal, and the manner in which any such recognizance or security may be enforced; and

(c) for authorising the recommittal of any person to whom bail is so granted

Section twelve

For paragraph (b) of subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (b) where the proceedings are brought under the law for the time being in force in Northern Ireland with respect to the care or custody of, or to the property and affairs of, persons suffering from mental illness or other mental disorder;*\

Section thirteen

(1) In subsection (2), for paragraphs (a) to (c) there shall be substituted the following paragraphs: —

" (a) from an order or decision of any inferior court (including a county court) or of a single judge of the High Court, or of any court having the powers of the High Court or a judge of that Court, to the Court of Appeal;

(b) from an order or decision of the Court of Appeal (including a decision of that court on an appeal under this section) and from an order or decision of a Divisional Court, the Court of Criminal Appeal or the Courts-Martial Appeal Court, to the House of Lords."

(2) For subsection (5) there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

44 (5) In this section 4 court * includes any tribunal or person having power to punish for contempt; and references in this section to an order or decision of a court in the exercise of jurisdiction to punish for contempt include references—

(a) to an order or decision of the High Court or a county court under any enactment enabling that court to deal with an offence as if it were contempt of court;

(b) to an order or decision of a county court under section fifty-seven or section one hundred and forty-one of the County Courts Act (Northern Ireland), 1959;

(c) to an order or decision of a magistrates* court under sub-

section (2) of section thirty-four of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, or under any corresponding enactment for the time being in force in Northern Ireland,

2nd Sea.

1088

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice , 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

2nd Sea.

but do not include references to orders under section six or section six A of the Debtors Act (Ireland), 1872, under any provision of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts (Northern Ireland) or the County Courts Act (Northern Ireland), 1959, except those referred to in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this subsection and except sections seventy-one and one hundred and forty of the last-mentioned Act so far as those sections confer jurisdiction in respect of contempt of court."

Section fourteen

(1) In subsection (2) the words from "and no such application* to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

(2) In subsection (3) for any reference to a provision of the Mental Health Act, 1959, there shall be substituted a reference to the corresponding provision of the enactments for the time being in force in Northern Ireland with respect to prisoners or other persons suffering from mental illness or other mental disorder.

Section sixteen

(1) For any reference to a court of quarter sessions there shall be substituted a reference to a county court.

(2) In subsection (2), the words from " but in computing " to the end shall be omitted.

(3) At the end of the section there shall be added the following subsections :—

" (4) The High Court or a judge thereof may release from custody a person who has been convicted or sentenced by a magistrates* court and has applied to the High Court for a writ of certiorari to remove the proceedings of the magistrates? court into the High Court on his entering into a recognizance; with or without sureties, conditioned for his appearance, within ten days after the judgment of the High Court shall have been given, unless the conviction or sentence is quashed by that judgment.

(5) The time during which a person is admitted to bail under this section shall not count as any term of imprisonment or detention under his sentence, and any sentence of imprisonment or detention imposed by a magistrates* court or, on appeal, by a county court after the imposition of which a person is so admitted to bail shall be deemed to begin to run or to be resumed as from the date on which he is received under the sentence in the prison or other place where he is to be detained.

(6) Without prejudice to the power to make rules of court under section sixty-one of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, any such rules may prescribe the persons before whom and the manner in which a recognizance under subsection

(4) of this section shall be entered into by a person applying for a writ of certiorari and the manner in which such a recognizance may be enforced and may authorise the recommittal of persons so applying."

Section seventeen

(1) In subsection (3), any reference to a Divisional Court shall include a reference to the Court of Appeal.

(2) Subsection (5) shall be omitted.

1960

Administration of Justice Act, 1960

Ch. 65

1089

THIRD SCHEDULE Sectioo 19.

Minor and Consequential Amendments

Enactment Amendment

The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1857. 20 21 Vict, c. 43. In section six, after the words " seem fit; and " there shall be inserted the words " except as provided by the Administration of Justice Act, 1960 ".

The Criminal Appeal Act, 1907. 7Edw. 7. c. 23. In section one, in subsection (6), for the words from the beginning to "subject thereto" there shall be substituted the words " Except as provided by the Administration of Justice Act, 1960 ". In section nineteen, for the words from " on the consideration" to "so convicted" there shall be substituted the words M on

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49. The Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 45. 1 1 ! : an application made to him by a person convicted on indictment or without any such application," and for the words " heard and determined by the Court of Criminal Appeal as in the case of an appeal by a" there shall be substituted the words " treated for all purposes as an appeal to that Court by the ". In section thirty-one, in subsection (1), in paragraph (a), after the words " this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Administration of Justice Act, 1960 ". In section six, in subsection (1), for the words from the beginning to " subject thereto " there shall be substituted the words " Except as provided by the Administration of Justice Act, 1960 ". In section seventeen, in subsection (1), for the words from " on the consideration " to " so convicted " there shall be substituted the words "on an application made to him by a person convicted on indictment or without any such application ", and for the words " heard and determined by the Court as in the case of an appeal by a " there shall be substituted the words " treated for all purposes as an appeal to the Court by a ". In section eighteen, after the words " except as provided by this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Administration

The Criminal Justice Act, 1948. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58. of Justice Act, 1960". In section thirty-eight, in subsection (2), after the words " for the purposes of the appeal " there shall be inserted the words " nor in the case of a reference under paragraph (a) of section nineteen of that Act ".

2 M

1090

Ch. 65

Administration of Justice Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

3RD SCH. Enactment Amendment

The Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951. 14 A 15 Geo. 6.C.46. In section seven, in subsection (1), for the words from the beginning to " this subsection* there shall be substituted the words " Except as provided by the Administration of Justice Act, 1960 ". In section thirteen, in subsection (2), for the words " subsection (1) of section seven of this Act* there shall be substituted the words " section one of the Administration of Justice Act, I960*. In section sixteen, after the word "Act " there shall be inserted the words M or the Administration of Justice Act, 1960 *. In section seventeen, after the words " this Part of this Act * there shall be inserted the words "or the Administration of Justice Act, I960*. In section nineteen, after the words 44 this Act *’ wherever they occur there shall be inserted the words " or the Administration

The Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952. 15 A 16 Geo. 6 and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 48. of Justice Act, I960*’. In section four, in subsection (1), for the words " subsection (6) of section one of the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907," there shall be substituted the words 44 section one of the Administration of Justice Act, 1960 ", and after the word "Lords " in the third place where it occurs there shall be inserted the words " (including any application for leave to appeal under that section) *. In section ten, in subsection (2), for the words 44under this Act" there shall be substituted the words 4* under section three of this Act, or that court or the House of Lords orders the payment of costs by the defendant under section eight of the Administration of Justice Act, 1960 *.

1960

Administration of Justice Act, 1960

Ch. 65

1091

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

39 & 40 Vict c. 59.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 50.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

Section ten.

In section ninety-two, in subsection (6), the words from "except" to the end of the subsection.

47 & 48 Vict c. 70.

7 Edw. 7. c. 23.

The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

The Criminal Appeal Act, 1907.

15 A16 Geo. 5.

c. 86.

20 A 21 Geo. 5. c. 45.

The Criminal Justice Act, 1925.

The Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930.

In section twenty-eight, subsection

(7).

In section nineteen, the words " with a view to the determination of the petition ".

Section sixteen.

In section six, subsection (2).

In section thirteen, subsection (3).

In section seventeen, in subsection (1), in paragraph (6), the words " with a view to the determina-

11 A12 Geo. 6. The Criminal Justice c. 58. Act, 1948.

tion of the petition ".

In section thirty-eight, subsection (6).

In the Ninth Schedule, the amend-

ment of section nineteen of the

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 68.

14 A15 Geo. 6. c. 46.

The Representation of the People Act, 1949.

The Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951.

Criminal Appeal Act, 1907.

In section one hundred and fifteen, in subsection (6), the words from "except" to the end of the subsection.

In section one hundred and forty-nine, subsection (10).

In section seven, subsection (2).

In section fourteen, in subsection (1), paragraphs (c) and (), and in subsection (2), the words from "and any appeal" to " conviction " in the last place where it occurs.

15 A16 Geo. 6 A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 52.

The Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952.

The Geneva Conventions Act, 1957.

In section three, in subsection (4), the words "and the next following ".

In section four, subsection (2) and, in subsection (3), the words from " and the last foregoing " to the end of the subsection.

2 M 2

Secdoo 1».

Ch. 65, 66 Administration of Justice Act, 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Crown Cases Act, 1848 Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1857

Debtors Act, 1869

Debtors Act (Ireland), 1872 ... Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876 Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1877

Session and Chapter

... 11 & 12 Vict c. 78.

... 20 & 21 Vict c. 43.

... 32 & 33 Vict. c. 62.

... 35 & 36 Vict c. 57.

... 39 & 40 Vict c. 59.

(Ireland),

40 & 41 Vict. c. 57.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879

Sale of Goods Act, 1893

Criminal Appeal Act, 1907

Government of Ireland Act, 1920

Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act,

1930

Criminal Justice Act, 1948

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951 Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

56 & 57 Vict c. 71.

7 & 8 Edw. 7. c. 23.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 45.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 46.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 EKz. 2 c. 48.

Prison Act, 1952

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 HKz. 2. c. 52.

Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

Army Act, 1955

Air Force Act, 1955

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 Naval Discipline Act, 1957 ... County Courts Act, 1959 Mental Health Act 1959 ...

... 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

... 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

... 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 52.

... 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

... 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 22.

... 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

CHAPTER 66

Professions Supplementary to Medicine Act, 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Establishment of a Council and boards for certain professions supplementary to medicine

Section

1. The Council for Professions Supplementary to Medicine, and the

boards.

Registration of members of the supplementary professions

2. Establishment and maintenance of registers.

3. Qualifications for registration.

4. Approval of courses, qualifications and institutions.

5. Supervision of approved institutions and of examinations for approved

qualifications.

6. Use of titles.

7. Penalty for false representations, etc., to obtain registration.

Disciplinary ’:^ons

8. Investigating and disciplinary committees.

9. Removal of names from register for crime, infamous conduct, etc.

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine , 1960

Ch. 66

1093

Miscellaneous

10. Power to extend or restrict application of Act.

11. Default powers of the Privy Council.

12. Exercise of powers conferred on the Privy Council.

13. Notices, etc.

14. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Constitutions of the Council and boards, and supplementary provisions.

Part I—Constitution of the Council.

Part II—Constitution of the boards.

Part m—Supplementary provisions relating to the Council and boards.

Second Schedule—The investigating and disciplinary committees.

Part I—Constitution of the committees.

Part II—Procedure of disciplinary committees.

An Act to provide for the establishment of a Council, boards and disciplinary committees for certain professions supplementary to medicine; to provide for the registration of members of those professions, for regulating their professional education and professional conduct and for cancelling registration in cases of misconduct; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[27th October, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Establishment of a Council and boards for certain professions supplementary to medicine

1.—(1) There shall be a body, to be called the Council for The Council Professions Supplementary to Medicine (in this Act referred £or Professions to as " the Council ") which shall have the general function of MeSSe^ co-ordinating and supervising the activities of the boards and the established under this Act, and the additional functions assigned boards, to it by this Act

(2) For each of the following professions, that is to say, chiropodists, dietitians, medical laboratory technicians, occupational therapists, physiotherapists, radiographers and remedial gymnasts, there shall be a body, to be called the Chiropodists Board, the Dietitians Board, and similarly for the other professions, which shall have the general function of promoting high standards of professional education and professional conduct among members of the relevant profession, and the additional functions assigned to it by this Act.

1094

Ch. 66

Establishment

and

maintenance of registers.

Professions Supplementary to & 9 Eliz. 2

Medicine , 1960

(3) The Council shall perform its general function of co-ordinating and supervising the activities of the boards—

(a) by making to each board, or inviting the board to make

to the Council, proposals as to the activities to be carried on by the board or other boards;

(b) by recommending a board to carry on such activities,

or to limit its activities in such manner, as the Council considers appropriate after consultation with the board on the proposals aforesaid;

(c) by concerning itself with matters appearing to it to be

of special interest to any two or more of the boards, and by giving the boards such advice and assistance as it thinks fit with respect to such matters;

() by exercising its powers under the following provisions

of this Act in such manner as the Council considers most conducive to the satisfactory performance by each board of the board's functions under this Act.

(4) The Council shall be constituted in accordance with Part 1 of the First Schedule to this Act and each board shall be constituted in accordance with the relevant provisions of Part II of that Schedule; and the supplementary provisions contained in Part III of that Schedule shall have effect (so far as applicable) with respect to the Council and the boards.

Registration of members of the supplementary professions

2.—(1) It shall be the duty of each board to prepare and maintain a register of the names, addresses and qualifications, and such other particulars as may be prescribed, of all persons who are entitled in accordance with the provisions of this Act to be registered by the board and who apply in the prescribed manner to be so registered.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person is registered by a board, and in respect of a profession, if his name is on the register maintained under this Act by the board for that profession.

(3) The Council may, after consultation with all the boards for the time being established under this Act, make rules with respect to the form and keeping of the registers maintained by the boards and the making of entries, alterations and corrections therein, and in particular—

(a) regulating the making of applications for registration

and providing for the evidence to be produced in support of applications;

(b) providing for the notification to a board of any change in the particulars entitling a person to registration;

1960 Professions Supplementary to Ch. 66

Medicine , 1960

(c) prescribing the fees to be paid in respect of the entry or retention of names on the register, being such fees as the Council considers will produce not more than the sums required to defray the reasonable expenses of the Council under this Act;

(d) authorising a board to refuse to enter a name on the register until any fee prescribed for the entry has been paid, and to remove from the register the name of any person who, after the prescribed notices and warnings, fails to pay any fee prescribed for the retention of his name on the register or fails to notify the board of any change in the particulars entitling him to registration;

(e) prescribing anything falling to be prescribed under the foregoing provisions of this section;

and any such rules may make different provision for different circumstances.

Rules under this subsection shall not come into force until confirmed by order of the Privy Council.

(4) It shall be the duty of each board—

(a) to cause its register to be printed, published and put

on sale to members of the public not later than two years from the beginning of the year next following that in which the board is established; and

(b) in each year after that in which its register is first

published under paragraph (a) above, to cause to be printed, published and put on sale as aforesaid either a corrected edition of the register or a list of alterations made to the register since it was last printed; and

(c) to cause a print of each edition of the register and of

each list of corrections to be deposited at the offices of the Council;

and it shall be the duty of the Council to keep the registers and lists so deposited open at all reasonable times for inspection by members of the public. 5

(5) A document purporting to be a print of an edition of a register published under this section by authority of a board in the current year, or documents purporting to be prints of an edition of a register so published in a previous year and of a list of corrections to that edition so published in the current year, shall be admissible in any proceedings as evidence, and in Scotland sufficient evidence, that any person specified in the document, or the documents read together, as being registered by the board is so registered, and that any person not so specified is not registered by the board.

1095

1096

Ch. 66

Qualifications

for

registration.

Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 Em 2

Medicine , 1960

3.—(1) Subject to section nine of this Act and to rules under the last foregoing section, a person shall be entitled to be registered by a board if he applies for registration after such date as the board may by order appoint for the purposes of this section and satisfies the board—

(a) that he has attended a course of training approved by the board under section four of this Act; and ib) that the course was conducted at an institution so approved, or partly at one such institution and partly at another or others; and

(c) that he holds a qualification so approved.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, a person shall be entitled to be registered by a board if he applies for registration on or before the date aforesaid and satisfies the board that—

(a) he is qualified, in relation to the relevant profession, as mentioned in regulation 3 of the National Health Service (Medical Auxiliaries) Regulations, 1954, or the corresponding provision in force in Scotland (which relate to the qualifications of persons for employment under the National Health Service in the professions mentioned in section one of this Act); or ib) he holds a qualification for the time being accepted for the purposes of this paragraph by the board; or

(c) he has had such training and practical experience in the

relevant profession as the board considers are together sufficient to enable the applicant to practise that profession; or

() in consequence of his practical experience in the relevant

profession, he is competent to practise that profession, and shall be so entitled if he applies for registration after the date aforesaid and satisfies the board that on that date he satisfied the requirements of any of paragraphs (a) to id) of this subsection.

(3) If a board refuses an application for registration made in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section, or neither grants nor refuses such an application before the expiration of twelve months from the date of the application, the applicant may appeal to the Council in accordance with rules made by the Council and confirmed by order of the Privy Council; and the said subsection (2) shall apply for the purposes of the appeal as if for references to the board in paragraphs and (c) and to satisfying the board there were substituted respectively references to the Council and to satisfying the Council.

(4) Subject as aforesaid, a person shall be entitled to be registered by a board if he satisfies the board—

(a) that he holds a qualification granted outside the United Kingdom and for the time being accepted for the purposes of this subsection by the board; and

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine Act, 1960

Ch. 66

1097

(b) if the board so requires, that he has had sufficient practical experience in the relevant profession.

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the board Approval for any profession may approve for the purposes of this Act— ^SfiStions

(a) any course of training which the board considers is and

designed to confer on persons completing it sufficient institutions, knowledge and skill for the practice of that profession and which persons having such preliminary qualifications as the board considers appropriate are eligible to attend;

(b) any qualification which, as the result of an examination

taken in conjunction with a course of training approved by the board under this section, is granted to candidates reaching a standard at the examination indicating, in the opinion of the board, that they have sufficient knowledge and skill to practise that profession;

(c) any institution which the board considers is properly

organised and equipped for conducting the whole or any part of a course of training approved by the board under this section,

and may refuse its approval under this section or withdraw such an approval previously given; and notice of the giving, refusal or withdrawal of such an approval shall be served by the board on the body or person affected.

(2) Where an application is made to a board for its approval under this section for a course of training or a qualification, the board shall send the application with its recommendations thereon to the Council, and the Council shall send the application and recommendations, together with its own recommendations thereon, to the Privy Council, and the Privy Council shall determine whether the approval is to be given or refused:

Provided that before determining that an approval is to be refused, the Privy Council shall afford the applicant an opportunity of making representations to them with respect to the application and the recommendations of the Council and the board thereon.

(3) If a board proposes to withdraw its approval under this section for a course of training or a qualification, the board shall report the matter to the Council and the Council shall send the report and its observations thereon to the Privy Council, and the Privy Council shall decide whether the proposal shall be abandoned or shall be proceeded with in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

2 M *

1098 Ch. 66 Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Medicine , 1960

(4) If it appears to the Council, after consulting the board by which an approval has been given under this section for a course of training or a qualification, that the approval should be withdrawn in view of any advances in medicine or allied sciences or any other changes in circumstances (including changes in the activities of the board) which have occurred since the approval was given, the Council shall make a proposal to the Privy Council that the approval be withdrawn; and the Privy Council, after affording the board an opportunity of making observations on the proposal, shall decide whether the proposal shall be abandoned or shall be proceeded with in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(5) Where the Privy Council decide under subsection (3) or (4) of this section that a proposal shall be proceeded with, the board shall serve notice on the body or person affected stating that the withdrawal of the approval in question is being considered and inviting that body or person to send to the board in writing, within one month from the date of the notice, any representations which that body or person may wish to make to the Privy Council against the withdrawal.

(6) Where no such representations are received by the board within the month aforesaid, the Privy Council may if they think fit direct the board to withdraw the approval; and where such representations are so received—

(a) the board shall send the representations and its observa-

tions thereon to the Council, and shall serve a copy of its observations on the body or person affected; and

(b) the Council shall send the representations and the board’s observations, together with its own observations thereon, to the Privy Council, and shall serve a copy of its own observations on the body or person affected; and

(c) the Privy Council, after affording the body or person affected an opportunity of making additional representations on the observations of the board and the Council, shall determine whether the approval is to be withdrawn and shall give directions to the board accordingly.

(7) The power of approval conferred on a board by subsection

(1) of this section shall include power to approve—

ia) a course of training prepared by the board and conducted either under arrangements made by the board or otherwise;

(b) a qualification awarded by the board as the result of

an examination held under arrangements made by the board;

and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in relation to an approval under this subsection, and any other approval

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine , 1960

Ch. 66

1099

for a course of training or a qualification for which no application is made, as if an application for the approval were made by the board concerned and as if subsections (5) and (6), and in subsections (3) and (4) the words " in accordance with the following provisions of this section ", were omitted.

(8) If a board refuses or withdraws its approval under this section for an institution, the body or person affected may, within one month from the date of service on him of notice of the refusal or withdrawal, appeal to the Privy Council; and the Privy Council, after affording the board and the said body or person an opportunity of making observations on the case and after considering any representations of the said body or person on the board’s observations, shall either dismiss or allow the appeal and, where they allow an appeal against a refusal of approval, shall direct the board to give that approval.

(9) If before the expiration of six months from the date of an application for approval under this section for an institution the approval has not been given or refused, the applicant shall be deemed to have received notice of its refusal on the expiration of that period; and the withdrawal of such an approval shall not take effect until the expiration of the month mentioned in subsection (8) of this section and, if within that month the body or person affected gives notice to the Privy Council of an appeal under that subsection against the withdrawal, shall not take effect unless and until the appeal is dismissed or abandoned.

(10) The withdrawal of an approval under this section shall not prejudice the registration or entitlement to registration of any person who was registered or entitled to registration by virtue of that approval immediately before it was withdrawn.

(11) Any reference in this section to a body or person affected, in relation to an approval, is a reference to the body or person who applied for the approval.

5,—(1) It shall be the duty of each board to keep itself Supervision informed of the nature of— of approved

(a) the instruction given at approved institutions to persons

attending approved courses of training; and examinations

(b) the examinations as the result of which approved quali-for ?Epr?ved

fications are granted. qua 1 03 ons*

(2) For the purpose of its duty under the foregoing subsection, a board may appoint persons to visit approved institutions or to attend examinations as a result of which approved qualifications are granted.

(3) It shall be the duty of a visitor appointed under this section to report to the board as to the sufficiency of the instruction given to persons attending approved courses of

2 M* 2

1100

Ch. 66

Use of titles.

Penalty for false representations, etc., to obtain registration.

Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Medicine , 1960

training at the institutions visited by him, or as to the sufficiency of the examinations attended by him, and as to any other matters relating to the institutions or examinations on which the board may, either generally or in a particular case, request him to report; but no visitor shall interfere with the giving of any instruction or the holding of any examination.

(4) A board may pay to visitors appointed under this section remuneration and travelling and subsistence allowances at such rates as the Council may determine with the consent of the Privy Council and after consultation with all the boards for the time being established under this Act.

(5) In this section the expression " approved ", in relation to a board, means approved by the board under section four of this Act

6. —(1) A person who is registered shall be entitled to use the title of state registered chiropodist or state registered dietitian (and similarly for the other professions mentioned in section one of this Act) according to the profession in respect of which he is registered.

(2) Any person who—

(a) takes or uses either alone or in conjunction with any other words, the title of state registered chiropodist, state chiropodist or registered chiropodist (and similarly as respects the other professions mentioned in section one of this Act) when his name is not on the register established under this Act in respect of that profession; or

(b) takes or uses any name, title, addition or description falsely implying, or otherwise pretends, that his name is on a register established under this Act,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds. 7

7. If a person procures or attempts to procure the entry of any name on a register established under this Act by wilfully making or producing or causing to be made or produced, either verbally or in writing, any declaration, certificate or representation which he knows to be false or fraudulent, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine , 1960

Ch. 66

1101

Disciplinary provisions

8.—(1) Each board shall set up two committees, to be known Investigating as the investigating committee and the disciplinary committee |i^olinary respectively, of which— oStteea

(a) the investigating committee shall be charged with the duty of conducting a preliminary investigation into any case where it is alleged that a person registered by the board is liable to have his name removed from the register, and of deciding whether the case should be referred to the disciplinary committee; and ib) the disciplinary committee shall be charged with the duty of considering and determining any case referred to it by the investigating committee and any other case of which the disciplinary committee has cognisance under subsection (5) of the next following section.

(2) The provisions of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the constitution of investigating and disciplinary committees, and the provisions of Part II of that Schedule shall have effect with respect to the procedure of disciplinary committees.

9.—(1) Where— Removal of

(a) a person who is registered by a board is convicted by f0™

any court in the United Kingdom of a criminal offence crime, which, in the opinion of the disciplinary committee set infamous up by the board, renders him unfit to be registered; or conduct, etc.

(b) such a person is judged by the disciplinary committee

to be guilty of infamous conduct in any professional respect; or

(c) the disciplinary committee is satisfied that the name of

such a person has been fraudulently entered on the register maintained by the board,

the committee may, if it thinks fit, direct that the person’s name shall be removed from the register.

(2) When the disciplinary committee directs that a person’s name shall be removed from the register, the committee shall cause notice of the direction to be served on that person.

(3) The person to whom such a direction relates may, at any time within twenty-eight days from the date of service on him of the notice of the direction, appeal against the direction to Her Majesty in Council in accordance with such rules as Her Majesty in Council may by Order prescribe for the purposes of this subsection; and the board concerned may appear as respondent on any such appeal and, for the purpose of enabling directions to be given as to the costs of the appeal, shall be deemed to be a party thereto whether or not it appears on the hearing of the appeal.

1102

Power to extend or restrict application of Act.

Ch. 66 Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Medicine A, 1960

The Judicial Committee Act, 1833, shall apply in relation to a disciplinary committee as it applies to such courts as arc mentioned in section three of that Act (which provides for the reference to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council of appeals to Her Majesty in Council).

(4) A direction for the removal of a name from the register shall take effect—

(a) where no appeal under this section is brought against the direction within the time limited for the appeal, on the expiration of that time;

(b) where such an appeal is brought and is withdrawn or struck out for want of prosecution, on the withdrawal or striking out of the appeal;

(c) where such an appeal is brought and is not withdrawn or struck out as aforesaid, if and when the appeal is dismissed and not otherwise.

(5) A person whose name is removed from a register in pursuance of a direction of a disciplinary committee under this section shall not be entitled to be registered in that register again except in pursuance of a direction in that behalf given by the committee on the application of that person; and a direction under this section for the removal of a person’s name from the register may prohibit an application under this subsection by that person until the expiration of such period from the date of the direction (and where he has duly made such an application, from the date of his last application) as may be specified in the direction.

(6) It shall be the duty of each disciplinary committee to prepare and from time to time revise, in consultation with its board and the Council, a statement as to the kind of conduct which the committee considers to be infamous conduct in a professional respect, and the board shall send by post to each registered member of the relevant profession, at his address on the register, a oopy of the statement as for the time being revised; but the fact that any matters are not mentioned in such a statement shall not preclude the disciplinary committee from judging a person to be guilty of infamous conduct in a professional respect by reference to such matters.

Miscellaneous

10.—(1) If the Council considers it appropriate, after consulting any existing boards appearing to the Council to be concerned,—

(a) that this Act should be extended to a profession which appears to the Council to be supplementary to medicine and is not mentioned in section one of this Act; or

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine Act, 1960

Ch. 66

1103

(b) that having regard to changes in the activities usually

carried on by persons practising a profession mentioned in the said section one, this Act should cease to extend to that profession; or

(c) that, in view of the amalgamation or proposed

amalgamation of a profession mentioned in the said section one with another profession or other professions (whether so mentioned or not), a single board with a name appropriate for the amalgamated professions should be established under this Act; or

(d) that, in view of a proposal to exercise powers under this section with respect to any profession or for any other reason, the functions of a board should be altered so as to give to it, or withdraw from it, functions with respect to persons of any description,

the Council shall make a recommendation to that effect to the Privy Council.

(2) If the Privy Council, after consulting any existing boards appearing to them to be concerned, agree with a recommendation under the foregoing subsection they may, subject to the following subsections, by order provide that this Act shall have effect—

(a) in a case falling within paragraph (a) or (b) of the foie-

going subsection, as if the profession in question were, or as the case may be, were not mentioned in subsection (2) of section one of this Act;

(b) in a case falling within paragraph (c) of the foregoing

subsection, as if in the said subsection (2) for the name or names of such of the professions there mentioned as are specified by the order there were substituted a different name so specified;

(c) in any case, as if in the First Schedule to this Act

there were made such alterations, additions or omissions as may be specified by the order;

and the order may contain such transitional, incidental and supplementary provisions (including in a case falling within paragraph (b) or (c) of the foregoing subsection provision for winding up any existing board and its committees) as the Privy Council consider expedient.

(3) No order shall be made under this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by resolution of each House.

(4) The Privy Council shall exercise their powers under this section so as to secure that—

(a) the number of boards for the time being established under this Act does not exceed twelve; and

1104 Ch. 66 Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Medicine , 1960

(b) the number of the representative members of each board exceeds by one the number of the other members of the board; and

(c) the number of the members of the Council required by

the First Schedule to this Act to be registered medical practitioners is equal to the number of the representative members of the Council;

and in this subsection " representative member " has the same meaning as in that Schedule.

Default'powera of the Privy Council.

11.—(1) If it appears to the Privy Council, either in consequence of representations made to them or for any other reason, that the Council or a board has failed either generally or in a particular case to do, or to do satisfactorily, any thing which under this Act that body has power or a duty to do, the Privy Council may if they think fit, subject to subsection (3) of this section, direct that body to do that thing in such manner and within such period as may be specified by the directions; and any such directions shall be enforceable by mandamus on the application of the Privy Council.

(2) Instead of proceeding to enforce such directions by mandamus, the Privy Council may if they think fit—

(a) in the case of directions to a board, order the Council

to give effect to the directions; or

(b) in any case, themselves give effect to the directions and

recover from the Council as a simple contract debt any expenses certified by them to have been incurred in doing so.

(3) The power to give directions under this section shall not include power to give directions with respect to a board's functions under section three of this Act.

(4) Any expenses of the Privy Council under this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and any sums received by the Privy Council under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Exercise of powers conferred on the Privy Council.

12.—(1) For the purpose of exercising any powers conferred by this Act on the Privy Council, the quorum of the Privy Council shall be three.

(2) Any document purporting to be—

(a) an instrument of appointment or approval made by the Privy Council under this Act or any other instrument so made; and

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine , 1960

Ch. 66

1105

(b) signed by the clerk of the Privy Council or by any other person authorised by the Privy Council in that behalf.

shall be evidence of the fact that the instrument was so made and of the terms of the instrument.

(3) Any power to make an order conferred on the Privy Council by a provision of this Act shall—

(a) include power to vary or revoke the order by a subse-

quent order under that provision; and

(b) be exercisable by statutory instrument.

13.—(1) In this Act the expression " notice " means a notice Notices, etc in writing.

(2) Any notice or other document authorised or required to be served under this Act may, without prejudice to any other method of service but subject to any provision to the contrary in rules under this Act, be served by post; and for the purpose of the application to this subsection of section twenty-six of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to service by post) the proper address of a person to whose registration such a document relates shall be his address on the relevant register.

14.—(1) This Act may be cited as mentary to Medicine Act, 1960.

the Professions Supple-

commence-

ment

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland, and for the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920 (which precludes the Parliament of Northern Ireland from amending the Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed after the day appointed for that section to come into operation) this Act shall be treated as passed before that day.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on such day as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, and different days may be appointed for different provisions.

1106

Section 1.

Ch. 66 Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Medicine , 1960

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Constitutions of the Council and Boards, and Supplementary

Provisions

Part I

Constitution of the Council

1. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Council shall consist of a total of twenty-one members and shall comprise—

(a) four persons appointed by the Privy Council and one person appointed by the Governor of Northern Ireland, of whom one person appointed by the Privy Council shall be resident in Scotland and another in Wales and of whom none shall be a registered medical practitioner or a member of a profession mentioned in section one of this Act;

(b) three persons appointed jointly by the Minister of Health, the Secretary of State for Scotland and the Minister of Health and Local Government of Northern Ireland, of whom one only shall be a registered medical practitioner and none shall be a member of a profession mentioned as aforesaid;

(c) seven persons (in this Schedule referred to as " representa-

tive members of the Council"), of whom one shall be appointed by each of the boards established under this Act from among the representative members of that board;

() three registered medical practitioners, of whom one shall

be appointed by each of the English Colleges;

(e) two registered medical practitioners appointed jointly by

the Scottish Corporations; and

(/) one registered medical practitioner appointed by the General Medical Council.

(2) For each representative member of the Council there shall be an alternate member who shall, subject to the provisions of this Schedule, be appointed from among its representative members by the same board and on the same occasion as the member for whom he is alternate.

2. Each board may appoint two persons to act as additional members of the Council (without the right to vote) at a meeting at which the Council is considering a matter appearing to the Council to be of special interest to registered members of the profession for which the board is established

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine , 1960

Ch. 66

1107

3.—<1) During the initial period as respects a board, the representative member of the Council and his alternate member who, apart from this sub-paragraph, are required to be appointed by the board from among its representative members snail instead be appointed jointly by the Ministers of the Crown mentioned in paragraph (b) above from among the members of the relevant profession.

(2) Before making an appointment under this paragraph as respects any profession, the said Ministers shall consult the body or bodies specified as respects that profession in the Second Schedule to the National Health Service (Medical Auxiliaries) Regulations, 1954 (which relate to the qualifications of persons for employment under the National Health Service in the professions mentioned in section one of this Act); and a person shall not be eligible for appointment under this paragraph unless—

(a) he is qualified, in relation to the profession in question, as

mentioned in regulation 3 of those regulations or the corresponding provision in force in Scotland; or

(b) he is recommended for appointment by the body or one of the bodies specified as aforesaid.

Part II

Constitution of the Boards

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a board shall consist of the total number of members specified as respects that board in the second column of the following table and shall comprise—

(a) the number of persons so specified in the third column of

the table, who shall be members of the relevant profession chosen to represent the members of that profession (and who in this Schedule are referred to as "representative members of the board ");

(b) the number of persons so specified in the fourth column of the table, who shall be registered medical practitioners nominated as indicated in that column;

(c) one person (as indicated in the fifth column of the table)

appearing to the Council, after consultation with the Minister of Education and the Secretary of State for Scotland, to be specially qualified to advise the board on problems affecting professional education generally; and

() the number of other persons (if any) specified as respects the board in the sixth column of the table, who shall be persons appearing to the Council to satisfy the relevant requirements of paragraph 7 of this Schedule.

1st Sch.

1108

Ch. 66

1st Sch.

Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 ELiz. 2

Medicine Act, 1960

Table

cn; Total number of members (3) (4) Medical practitioners nominated by:— (5) 75 1 c (6)

Board Representative members The English Colleges jointly w The Scottish Corporations 3 jointly The British Medical Association The Society of Medical Officers § of Health Experts in professioi education Other members

Chiropodists ... 11 6 1 1 1 1 1 —

Dietitians 15 8 1 1 — — 1 4

Medical Laboratory Technicians 13 7 4 — — 1 —

Occupational Therapists 17 9 3 1 — 1 1 2

Physiotherapists 17 9 4 1 1 — 1 1

Radiographers... 13 7 3 1 — — 1 1

Remedial Gymnasts 11 6 2 1 — — 1 1

(2) For each representative member of a board there shall be an alternate member who shall, subject to paragraph 11 of this Schedule, be elected or appointed on the same occasion as the member for whom he is alternate.

5.—(1) At least one representative member of a board and his alternate member shall reside and practise the relevant profession in Scotland and at least one other representative member of a board and his alternate member shall reside and practise that profession in Wales:

Provided that the foregoing requirement as to Scotland shall not apply to the Occupational Therapists Board, but at least two representative members of that board and their alternate members shah reside in Scotland and shall practise and have been trained as occupational therapists there.

(2) If a matter appearing to a board to be of special interest to registered members of the relevant profession residing and practising that profession in Northern Ireland is to be considered at a meeting of the board and no representative member, or alternate member acting as a member, of the board at the meeting resides and

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine , 1960

Ch. 66

1109

practices as aforesaid, the board shall appoint a registered member 1st Sen.; of the profession who so resides and practises to act as an additional member of the board (without the right to vote) while the matter in question is being considered.

(3) Five representative members of the Radiographers Board and their alternate members shall be diagnostic radiographers and the other representative and alternate members of that board shall be radiotherapeutic radiographers.

6. Before the English Colleges or the Scottish Corporations nominate a person for appointment as a member of a board in pursuance of paragraph (6) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 above, they shall consult such body or bodies (if any) as they consider appropriate in relation to that nomination, being a body or bodies appearing to them to represent medical practitioners specialising in a field with which the board will be concerned.

7. —(1) Of the four members of the Dietitians Board appointed in pursuance of paragraph ( ) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 above—

one shall be a member of the teaching staff of a university department concerned with the teaching of nutrition,

one shall be a member of the teaching staff of an institution where dietitians are trained,

one shall be an expert in the subject of nutrition working in the field of human nutrition, and

the other shall be a biochemist

(2) Of the two members of the Occupational Therapists Board appointed in pursuance of the said paragraph ( ), one shall be a person engaged in industry or technical education and the other shall be a member of the teaching staff of a university.

(3) The member of the Physiotherapists Board and the Radiographers Board appointed as aforesaid shall be a physicist.

(4) The member of the Remedial Gymnasts Board so appointed shall be an expert in physical education.

(5) Before making any appointment in pursuance of the said paragraph () the Council shall consult such bodies or persons as appear to it to be appropriate in relation to that appointment.

8. —(1) The members of a board, other than the representative members, shall be appointed by the Council.

(2) Subject to paragraph 11 of this Schedule, the representative and alternate members of a board taking office after the initial period shall be registered members of the relevant profession elected by the registered members of that profession in accordance with a scheme for that board prepared by the Council in consultation with the board and approved by the Privy Council.

(3) The representative and alternate members of a board taking office during the initial period shall be appointed by the Council after consultation with the relevant body or bodies mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule; and a person

1110 Ch. 66 Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 . 2

Medicine , 1960

1st Sch. shall not be eligible for appointment under this sub-paragraph unless he is qualified or recommended as mentioned in that sub-paragraph :

Provided that in exercising its powers under this sub-paragraph the Council shall appoint the representative member of the Council and his alternate member appointed under paragraph 3 of this Schedule by Ministers instead of by the board to be two of the representative members of the board.

Part HI

Supplementary Provisions relating to the Council and Boards

Incorporation

9. The Council and each board shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal.

Tenure of office etc. of members, alternate members and chairmen

10. —(1) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph and paragraph 11 of this Schedule, the representative and alternate members of a board taking office after the initial period and the members (other than representative members) of the Council or a board shall hold office for four years and shall then retire.

(2) The members (other than representative members) of the Council shall retire in rotation in accordance with a scheme made by the Council and approved by the Privy Council, and the membeis and alternate members of a board (other than representative and alternate members taking office during the initial period) shall retire in rotation in accordance with a scheme made by the board and approved by the Council; and for the purpose of securing retirement by rotation any such scheme may provide that during the period of four years from the establishment of the body making the scheme (or as respects the retirement of representative and alternate members of a board, four years from the end of the initial period) some persons shall retire after less than four years in office, so however that a representative member of a board and his alternate member shall retire at the same time.

(3) Subject to paragraph 11 of this Schedule, the representative and alternate members of the Council appointed by a board shall hold office for one year and shall then retire.

(4) Subject as aforesaid, the representative member of the Council and his alternate member appointed under paragraph 3 of this Schedule by Ministers instead of by a board shall hold office until the end of the period which is the initial period for the purposes of that paragraph as respects that board and shall then retire.

(5) Subject as aforesaid, the representative and alternate membeis of a board taking office during the initial period shall hold office until the end of that period and shall then retire.

11. —(1) A member or alternate member of the Council or a board may at any time, by notice to the registrar appointed under this Act, resign his office.

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine , 1960

Ch. 66

1111

(2) A member or alternate member of the Council or a board iST sch. whose name is removed by direction of a disciplinary committee from

any register maintained under this Act shall relinquish his office.

(3) A representative or alternate member of the Council appointed by a board who ceases to be a representative member of that board shall relinquish his office on the Council.

(4) When a member or alternate member of the Council or a board ceases to hold office otherwise than by retirement, his place shall be taken—

(a) in the case of a representative member of a board, by his

alternate member if then in office and if not by a person appointed or elected in the same manner and satisfying the same requirements of Part II of this Schedule as the representative member;

(b) in any other case, by a person appointed or elected in the same manner and satisfying the same requirements of Part I or Part II of this Schedule as the member or alternate member in question:

Provided that a scheme under sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 8 of this Schedule may provide for the selection, otherwise than by election, of—

(i) a person to succeed an alternate member of a board who

has taken the place of his representative member under paragraph (a) above;

(ii) persons to succeed a representative member of a board and his alternate member where the representative member ceases to hold office otherwise than by retirement and there is no alternate member to take his place under the said paragraph (a);

and the requirement that an alternate member shall be selected on the same occasion as his representative member shall not apply where an alternate member is selected in pursuance of this sub-paragraph or continues as the alternate member for the successor under this sub-paragraph of a previous representative member of the Council.

(5) A person taking office by virtue of sub-paragraph (4) above shall retire when the person whose place he takes would normally have retired.

12.—(1) One of the members of the Council appointed by the Privy Council shall be designated by the Privy Council as the chairman of the Council, and a board shall appoint one of its members to be the chairman of the board.

(2) The chairman of the Council or a board shall hold office as such until the expiration of the period determined by the body designating or appointing him as chairman or until he ceases to be a member of the Council or board, whichever first occurs, and shall then retire from that office.

(3) The chairman, or in his absence the person acting as chairman, of the Council or a board shall have a second or casting vote.

Ch. 66

Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 .2

Medicine , 1960

13. An alternate member of the Council or a board may art as a member of the Council or board at any meeting of that body when the representative member for whom he is alternate is absent, but not otherwise.

14. A person retiring from or resigning office as the chairman or a member or alternate member of the Council or a board shall be eligible to hold that office again.

15. The powers of the Council or a board or any committee thereof may be exercised notwithstanding any vacancy in its membership, and no proceedings of such a body shall be invalidated by any defect in the selection of a person to be a member of that body.

Committees

16. —(1) The Council or a board with the approval of the Council may appoint one or more committees to carry out, on behalf of the Council or board, such of the functions of the Council or board as that body may determine and as are not required in the case of a board to be carried out by an investigating or disciplinary committee.

(2) A committee appointed under this paragraph shall consist of the number of members determined by the body appointing it, and not more than one third of the members may be persons who are not members of that body; and a member of such a committee shall hold office in accordance with the terms of the instrument under which he is appointed.

Standing Orders

17. The Council or a board may make standing orders for regulating the proceedings (including quorum) of the Council or board or any committee thereof, so however that orders under this paragraph shall not be made with respect to the proceedings of a disciplinary committee.

Expenses and accounts

18.—(1) Any fees payable under this Act in respect of the entry or retention of a name on a register shall be paid to the Council, and any expenses of the Council shall be defrayed out of the sums received by the Council either on account of those fees or otherwise.

(2) The Council shall furnish each board with such sums as the board may require for defraying—

(a) any remuneration or allowances which the board is authorised by this Act to pay; and

(b) any costs which the board is directed to pay on an appeal under section nine of this Act; and

(c) any other expenses incurred by the board with the approval

of the Council,

and each board shall furnish the Council with such evidence as the Council may reasonably require of all payments made by the board out of sums furnished by the Council.

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine Act, 1960

Ch. 66

1113

(3) The Council shall keep proper accounts of all sums received 1st Sch. or paid by it, and proper records in relation to those accounts (including records of the evidence furnished as aforesaid), and its accounts for each financial year of the Council shall be audited

by auditors appointed by the Council; and as soon as any accounts of the Council have been audited, the Council shall cause them to be published and shall send a copy of them to the Privy Council together with a oopy of any report of the auditors thereon.

(4) No person shall be qualified to be appointed auditor under this paragraph unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies:—

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales; the Society of Incorporated Accountants; the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland; the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants; the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland; any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of Trade.

19. The Council or a board may pay to any of its members or alternate or additional members, or to any member of a committee appointed by it, travelling, subsistence or other allowances at such rates as may be determined by the Council with the consent of the Privy Council.

Officers and servants

20. —(1) The Council (but not a board) shall have power to appoint a registrar and other officers and servants on such terms as to remuneration, pensions or otherwise as the Council may determine; and the Council shall make such arrangements as it thinks appropriate for the services of officers and servants appointed by k to be available to the boards and to any committees of the Council or a board.

(2) A board shall have power with the approval of the Council to appoint teaching and other staff, on such terms as to remuneration, pensions or otherwise as the board with the approval of the Council may determine, in connection with any course of training or examination conducted under arrangements made by the board.

(3) The Council shall not determine or approve under the foregoing sub-paragraphs any terms relating to pensions unless those terms have been agreed by the Treasury.

Miscellaneous

21. It shall be the duty of a board to furnish the Council with a copy of the minutes of proceedings of the board and any committee (other than an investigating or disciplinary committee) appointed by the board and of any document considered at a meeting of the board or committee; and it shall be the duty of the Council, at the request of a board, to make available to the board a copy of so much of any minutes of proceedings of the

1114

Ch. 66

1st Sch

Section 8.

Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Medicine , 1960

Council or a committee appointed by the Council and of so much of any document considered at a meeting of the Council or committee as relates to the board.

22.—(1) In this Schedule,—

" the English Colleges " means the Royal College of Physicians of London, the Royal College of Surgeons of England and the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists;

" the initial period ", in relation to a board, means the period expiring six months (or for the purposes of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, eight months) after such date as the Council may by order determine to be that on which the board's register is established;

"representative member" has the meaning assigned to it, in relation to the Council, by paragraph (c) of sub-paragraph

(1) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, and in relation to a board, by paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 of this Schedule;

"the Scottish Corporations" means the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh, the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh and the Royal Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow.

(2) Any power to make a scheme conferred by a provision of this Schedule shall include power to vary or revoke the scheme by a subsequent scheme under that provision.

SECOND SCHEDULE The Investigating and Disciplinary Committees Part I

Constitution of the Committees

1.—(1) The board by which an investigating committee and a disciplinary committee are set up shall, in consultation with the Council, make rules regulating the membership of each of the committees, and the times and places of the meetings, quorum and mode of summoning members of the disciplinary committee; but, subject to paragraph (b) below, a person shall not be eligible for membership of either committee unless he is a member of the board

(2) Such rules shall secure that—

(a) no person who acted as a member of the investigating committee with respect to any case shall act as a member of the disciplinary committee with respect to that case; and

(b) where a case against a person who resides and practises the relevant profession in Northern Ireland is before either of the committees, at least one member of that committee at any meeting thereof shall be a member of the board who resides and practises as aforesaid or (where no member of

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine , 1960

Ch. 66

1115

the board satisfies that requirement or no member who satisfies that requirement is available to act on the committee) a registered member of the relevant profession residing and practising as aforesaid and appointed by the board to be a member of the committee for the purposes of the case in question.

(3) Rules under this paragraph shall not come into force until approved by the Privy Council.

Part n

Procedure of Disciplinary Committees

2. —(1) For the purpose of any proceedings before a disciplinary committee in England or Wales or Northern Ireland the committee may administer oaths and any party to the proceedings may sue out writs of subpoena ad testificandum and duces tecum, but no person shall be compelled under any such writ to produce any document which he could not be compelled to produce on the trial of an action.

(2) The provisions of section forty-nine of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, or of the Attendance of Witnesses Act, 1854 (which provide special procedures for the issue of such writs so as to be in force throughout the United Kingdom) shall apply in relation to any proceedings before a disciplinary committee in England or Wales or, as the case may be, in Northern Ireland as those provisions apply in relation to causes or matters in the High Court or actions or suits pending in the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland.

(3) For the purpose of any proceedings before a disciplinary committee in Scotland, the committee may administer oaths and the Court of Session shall on the application of any party to the proceedings have the like power as in any action in that court to grant warrant for the citation of witnesses and havers to give evidence or to produce documents before the committee, and for the issue of letters of second diligence against any witness or haver failing to appear after due citation, to grant warrant for the recovery of documents, and to grant commissions to persons to take the evidence of witnesses or to examine havers and receive their exhibits and productions.

3. —(1) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, the Council shall make rules as to the procedure to be followed and the rules of evidence to be observed in proceedings before disciplinary committees, and in particular—

(a) for securing that notice that the proceedings are to be brought shall be given, at such time and in such manner as may be specified by the rules, to the person alleged to be liable to have his name removed from the register;

(b) for determining who, in addition to the person aforesaid, shall be a party to the proceedings;

(c) for securing that any party to the proceedings shall, if he so requires, be entitled to be heard by the committee;

2nd Sch.

1116

2nd Sch.

Ch. 66 Professions Supplementary to 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Medicine , 1960

() for enabling any party to the proceedings to be represented by counsel or solicitor or (if the rules so provide and the party so elects) by a person of such other description as may be specified by the rules;

(e) for requiring proceedings before the committee to be held in public except so far as may be provided by the rules;

(/) for requiring, in cases where it is alleged that a person is guilty of infamous conduct in any professional respect, that where the committee judges that the allegation has not bees proved it shall record a finding that the person is not guilty of such conduct in respect of the matters to which the allegation relates.

(2) As respects proceedings for the registration of a person whose name was previously removed from a register by direction of a disciplinary committee, the Council shall have power to make rules with respect to all or any of the matters mentioned in the foregoing sub-paragraph, but shall not be required to do so; and separate rules under this paragraph may be made as respects such proceedings.

(3) Before making rules under this paragraph the Council shall consult the boards for the time being established under this Act, and before entering into consultations with the Council under this sub-paragraph a board shall consult such bodies representing members of the relevant profession as the board thinks fit.

(4) Rules under this paragraph shall not come into force until confirmed by order of the Privy Council.

4.—(1) For the purpose of advising a disciplinary committee on questions of law arising in proceedings before it, there shall in aD such proceedings be an assessor to the committee who shall be a barrister, advocate or solicitor of not less than ten years standing.

(2) The power of appointing an assessor for a disciplinary committee shall be exercisable by the Council after consultation with the board concerned, but if no assessor appointed by the Council is available to act in any particular proceedings the committee may itself appoint an assessor qualified as aforesaid for those proceedings.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may, by statutory instrument, make rules as to the functions of assessors appointed under this paragraph, and in particular such rules may contain provision for securing—

(i a) that where an assessor advises a disciplinary committee on any question of law as to evidence, procedure or any other matters specified by the rules, he shall do so in the presence of every party or person representing a party to the proceedings who appears thereat or, if the advice is tendered while the committee is deliberating in private, that every such party or person as aforesaid shall be informed what advice the assessor has tendered;

(b) that every such party or person as aforesaid shall be informed if in any case the committee does not accept the advice of the assessor on such a question as aforesaid,

and may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as the Lord Chancellor considers expedient.

1960

Professions Supplementary to

Medicine , 1960

Ch. 66, 67

1117

(4) Except in the case of an assessor appointed by the committee itself under sub-paragraph (2) above, an assessor may be appointed under this paragraph either generally or for any particular proceedings or class of proceedings, and shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of the instrument under which he is appointed.

(5) The relevant board may pay to an assessor appointed under this paragraph remuneration at such rates as may be determined by the Council with the consent of the Lord Chancellor.

coo

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

1 Short Title 1 Session and Chapter

Judicial Committee Act, 1833 Government of Ireland Act, 1920 Attendance of Witnesses Act, 1834 Interpretation Act, 1889 Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 Companies Act, 1948 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 41. 10 All Geo. 5. c. 67. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 34. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63. 15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 49. 11 A 12 Geo. 6.C.38.

CHAPTER 67

An Act to provide for the admission of representatives of the press and other members of the public to the meetings of certain bodies exercising public functions.

[27th October, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, any meeting of a local authority or other body exercising public functions, being an authority or other body to which this Act applies, shall be open to the public.

(2) A body may, by resolution, exclude the public from a meeting (whether during the whole or part of the proceedings) whenever publicity would be prejudicial to the public interest by reason of the confidential nature of the business to be transacted or for other special reasons stated in the resolution and arising from the nature of that business or of the proceedings; and where such a resolution is passed, this Act shall not require the meeting to be open to the public during proceedings to which the resolution applies.

2nd Sch.

Admission ot public to meetings of local

authorities and other bodies.

1118

Ch. 67

Public Bodies (Admission to

Meetings) 1960

8 &9EUZ.2

(3) A body may under subsection (2) above treat the need to receive or consider recommendations or advice from sources other than members, committees or sub-committees of the body as a special reason why publicity would be prejudicial to the public interest, without regard to the subject or purport of the recommendations or advice; but the making by this subsection of express provision for that case shall not be taken to restrict the generality of subsection (2) above in relation to other cases (including in particular cases where the report of a committee or sub-committee of the body is of a confidential nature).

(4) Where a meeting of a body is required by this Act to be open to the public during the proceedings or any part of them, the following provisions shall apply, that is to say,—

(a) public notice of the time and place of the meeting shall be given by posting it at the offices of the body (or, if the body has no offices, then in some central and conspicuous place in the area with which it is concerned) three clear days at least before the meeting or, if the meeting is convened at shorter notice, then at the time it is convened;

(b) there shall, on request and on payment of postage or other necessary charge for transmission, be supplied for the benefit of any newspaper a copy of the agenda for the meeting as supplied to members of the body (but excluding, if thought fit, any item during which the meeting is likely not to be open to the public), together with such further statements or particulars, if any, as are necessary to indicate the nature of the items included or, if thought fit in the case of any item, with copies of any reports or other documents supplied to members of the body in connection with the item;

(c) while the meeting is open to the public, the body shafl not have power to exclude members of the public from the meeting and duly accredited representatives of newspapers attending for the purpose of reporting the proceedings for those newspapers shall, so far as practicable, be afforded reasonable facilities for taking their report and, unless the meeting is held in premises not belonging to the body or not on the telephone, for telephoning the report at their own expense.

(5) Where a meeting of a body is required by this Act to be open to the public during the proceedings or any part of them, and there is supplied to a member of the public attending the meeting, or in pursuance of paragraph (b) of subsection (4) above there is supplied for the benefit of a newspaper, any such copy of the agenda as is mentioned in that paragraph, with or without further statements or particulars for the purpose of indicating the nature of any item included in the agenda, the publication

1960

Public Bodies (Admission to

Meetings) , 1960

Ch. 67

1119

thereby of any defamatory matter contained in the agenda or in the further statements or particulars shall be privileged, unless the publication is proved to be made with malice.

(6) When a body to which this Act applies resolves itself into committee, the proceedings in committee shall for the purposes of this Act be treated as forming part of the proceedings of the body at the meeting.

(7) Any reference in this section to a newspaper shall apply also to a news agency which systematically carries on the business of selling and supplying reports or information to newspapers, and to any organisation which is systematically engaged in collecting news for sound or television broadcasts; but nothing in this section shall require a body to permit the taking of photographs of any proceedings, or the use of any means to enable persons not present to see or hear any proceedings (whether at the time or later), or the making of any oral report on any proceedings as they take place.

(8) The provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to any power of exclusion to suppress or prevent disorderly conduct or other misbehaviour at a meeting.

2.—(1) This Act shall apply to the bodies specified in the Application of Schedule to this Act, and to such bodies as may for the time Act»and being be added to that Schedule by order made under subsection otovSIom.

(3) below; and where this Act applies to a body, the foregoing section shall apply in relation to any committee of the body whose members consist of or include all members of the body, as that section applies in relation to the body itself, but so that for the purposes of paragraph (c) of subsection (4) of that section premises belonging to the body shall be treated as belonging to the committee.

(2) In the Schedule to the Defamation Act, 1952 (by virtue of which, among other things, newspaper reports of all proceedings at meetings of local authorities and their committees are privileged unless admission to the meeting is denied to representatives of newspapers and other members of the public), in the definition of "local authority" in paragraph 13 for the reference to the Local Authorities (Admission of the Press to Meetings) Act,

1908, there shall be substituted a reference to this Act.

(3) Any body established by or under any Act may be added to the Schedule to this Act, and any body so added may be removed from the Schedule, by order of the appropriate Minister made by statutory instrument, but a statutory instrument made by a Minister under this section shall be of no effect unless it is approved by resolution of each House of Parliament; and for this purpose the appropriate Minister is, in the case of any body, the Minister of the Crown in charge of the Government department concerned or primarily concerned with the matters

1120

Ch. 67

Public Bodies {Admission to

Meetings) , 1960

8&9EUZ.2

dealt with by that body, but an order made under this subsection by any Minister of the Crown shall be effective, whether or not he is the appropriate Minister.

Short title, repeal, extent and commencement

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Public Bodies (Admission to Meetings) Act, 1960.

(2) The Local Authorities (Admission of the Press to Meetings) Act, 1908, sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 1 of Part IV of the Third Schedule to the Local Government Act, 1933, and section eighty-four of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946, are hereby repealed.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into force on the first day of June, nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

SCHEDULE

Bodies to which this Act Applies

1. The bodies to which in England and Wales this Act applies are-

(a) local authorities within the meaning of the Local Government

Act, 1933, or the London Government Act, 1939, the Common Council of the City of London and the Council of the Isles of Scilly, and joint boards or joint committees constituted to discharge functions of any two or more of those bodies;

(b) the parish meetings of rural parishes;

(c) the Metropolitan Water Board, and joint boards and joint committees constituted by or under any Act for the purposes of water supply, and consisting of or including representatives of local authorities within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933;

() education committees (including joint education committees) constituted under Part II, and divisional executives constituted under Part III of the First Schedule to the Education Act, 1944;

(e) bodies constituted in accordance with regulations made under subsection (4) of section twenty-two of the National Health Service Act, 1946;

(/) regional hospital boards constituted under section eleven of the said Act of 1946;

(g) executive councils constituted under section thirty-one of the

said Act of 1946, but only so far as regards the exercise of their executive functions;

(h) bodies not mentioned above but having, within the meaning of the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, power to levy a rate (other than police authorities).

1960

Public Bodies to

Meetings) , 1960

Ch. 67

1121

2. The bodies to which in Scotland this Act applies arc—

(a) local authorities within the meaning of the Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1947, and joint boards or joint committees (other than joint police committees constituted under the Police (Scotland) Act, 1956) constituted to discharge functions of any two or more such local authorities;

(b) local water authorities within the meaning of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946;

(c) education committees constituted as provided in section one

hundred and eight of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947;

() regional hospital boards constituted under section eleven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947;

(e) executive councils constituted under section thirty-two of the

said Act of 1947, but only so far as regards the exercise of their executive functions;

(/) bodies not mentioned in the foregoing sub-paragraphs but having, within the meaning of the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, power to levy a rate.

coo

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Public Works Loans Act, 1875

Local Authorities (Admission of the Press to Meetings) Act, 1908.

Local Government Act, 1933

London Government Act, 1939

Education Act, 1944

Water (Scotland) Act, 1946

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946

National Health Service Act, 1946

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 ... Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949

Defamation Act, 1952

Police (Scotland) Act, 1956

38 & 39 Vict c. 89. 8 Edw. 7. c. 43.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 42. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

c. 94.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 66.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

2 N

1122

Ch. 68

Noise Abatement Act; 1960 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Noise or vibration nuisance.

26 Geo. 5 Edw. 8. c.

CHAPTER 68

Noise Abatement Act, 1960 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Noise or vibration nuisance.

2. Restriction of operation on highways. of loudspeakers.

3. Consequential repeal. Sec., of local enactments.

4. Saving for byelaws.

5. Short title, extent and commencement

An Act to make new provisions in respect of the control of noise and vibration with a view to their abatement

[27th October, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, noise or vibration which is a nuisance shall be a statutory nuisance for the purposes of Part III of the Public Health Act, 1936, and the • & 1 provisions of that Act shall have effect accordingly as if sub-49# sections (1) to (4) of this section were provisions of the said Part III.

(2) In relation to noise or vibration alleged to be a statutory nuisance by virtue of the foregoing subsection—

(a) section ninety-nine of the said Act of 1936 (which provides that a complaint of the existence of a statutory nuisance may be made by any person aggrieved by the nuisance) shall have effect as if for the reference to any person aggrieved by the nuisance there were substituted a reference to any three or more persons each of whom is the occupier of land or premises and is in that capacity aggrieved by the nuisance; and

(b) section one hundred and nine of that Act (which contains a saving from the operation of the said Part HI for mines and industrial processes) and sections three hundred and thirteen and three hundred and seventeen of that Act (which relate to repeals and alterations of local Acts) shall not apply.

1960

Noise Abatement Actt 1960

Ch. 6$

1123

(3) In proceedings brought by virtue of subsection (1) of this section in respect of noise or vibration caused in the course of a trade or business, it shall be a defence for the defendant to prove that the best practicable means have been used for preventing, and for counteracting the effect of, the noise or vibration.

(4) Without prejudice to the savings contained in Part XII of the said Act of 1936, no notice shall be served or proceedings brought by virtue of subsection (1) of this section in respect of noise or vibration caused by statutory undertakers in the exercise of powers conferred on them by any enactment or statutory order.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) in subsection (1) for the words from " shall be a statutory

nuisance " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " shall be a nuisance liable to be dealt with summarily in the manner provided in Part II of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, in the same 50 & 61 Vict, way and to the same effect as in the case of a nuisance c. 38. under paragraph (6) of section sixteen of that Act, and a county or town council shall have the like powers and duties in relation to such noise or vibration as they have in relation to a nuisance under that Act

(b) subsection (2) shall be omitted, but in relation to noise or vibration alleged to be a nuisance by virtue of this section section twenty-two of the said Act of 1897 shall have effect with the substitution for references to ten ratepayers of the district of the local authority of references to any three or more persons each of whom is the occupier of land or premises and is in that capacity aggrieved by the nuisance; and

(c) in subsection (4) for the reference to Part XII of the said Act of 1936 there shall be substituted a reference to Part XII of the said Act of 1897.

(6) In section sixty-six of the London County Council (General 1 Edw. 8 A 1 Powers) Act, 1937 (which provides that any excessive or un- Geo. & c. xci. reasonable or unnecessary noise which is injurious or dangerous

to health shall be a noise nuisance which may be dealt with summarily under the Public Health (London) Act, 1936), for the 26 Geo. 5. A l words " excessive or unreasonable or unnecessary noise which is Edw. 8. c. 50. injurious or dangerous to health " in subsection (3) there shall be substituted the words " noise which is a nuisance and that section shall apply to vibration as it applies to noise and references in that section to noise shall be construed accordingly, so however that in relation to both noise and vibration the reference in the proviso to subsection (1) to three persons being either householders or occupiers of premises within hearing of the noise nuisance shall be construed as a reference to three persons each of whom is the occupier of land or premises and is in that capacity aggrieved by the nuisance.

2 N 2

1124

Ch. 68

Noise Abatement Act, 1960 8 & 9 Fji7l 2

Restriction of operation on highways, &c.. of

loudspeakers

(7) Nothing in this section or the said section sixty-six shall apply to noise or vibration caused by aircraft.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a loudspeaker in a street shall not be operated—

(a) between the hours of nine in the evening and eight in the following morning, for any purpose;

(b) at any other time, for the purpose of advertising any entertainment, trade or business;

and any person who operates or permits the operation of a loudspeaker in contravention of this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

In this subsection " street " means a highway and any other road, footway, square or court which is for the time being open to the public.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply to the operation of a loudspeaker—

(a) for police, fire brigade or ambulance purposes, or by a local authority within their area;

(b) for communicating with persons on a vessel for the purpose of directing the movement of that or any other vessel;

(c) if the loudspeaker forms part of a public telephone system;

() if the loudspeaker—

(i) is in or fixed to a vehicle, and

(ii) is operated solely for the entertainment of or for communicating with the driver or a passenger of the vehicle or, where the loudspeaker is or forms part of the horn or similar warning instrument of the vehicle, solely for giving warning to other traffic, and

(iii) is so operated as not to give reasonable cause for annoyance to persons in the vicinity;

(e) otherwise than on a highway, by persons employed in connection with a transport undertaking used by the public in a case where the loudspeaker is operated solely for making announcements to passengers or prospective passengers or to other persons so employed;

(/) by a travelling showman on land which is being used for the purposes of a pleasure fair;

(g) in case of emergency.

1960

Noise Abatement Act, 1960

Ch. 68

1125

(3) Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to the operation of a loudspeaker between the hours of noon and seven o'clock in the evening on the same day if the loudspeaker—

(a) is fixed to a vehicle which is being used for the conveyance of a perishable commodity for human consumption; and

(b) is operated solely for informing members of the public (otherwise than by means of words) that the commodity is on sale from the vehicle; and

(c) is so operated as not to give reasonable cause for annoyance to persons in the vicinity.

(4) Proceedings for an offence under this section in England

or Wales may, without prejudice to the powers of any other person to institute such proceedings, be instituted by any local authority within whose area the offence was committed; and an offence under this section in Scotland may be prosecuted in any court of summary jurisdiction within the meaning of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954, having jurisdiction in the place 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. where the offence was committed. c. 48.

(5) In this section and section three of this Act " local authority " means—

(a) as respects England and Wales, the council of a county, county borough, metropolitan borough or county district, the Common Council of the City of London and the Council of the Isles of Scilly, and for the purposes of subsection (4) of this section includes a parish council and the council of a borough included in a rural district;

(b) as respects Scotland, a county council, town council or district council;

and in this section " loudspeaker " includes a megaphone and any other device for amplifying sound.

3.—(1) The Minister may, after consultation with any local Consequential authority appearing to him to be concerned, by order made by Ac* of statutory instrument repeal any provision of any local Act which J^tments. appears to him to be unnecessary having regard to the provisions of this Act and may by that order make such amendments of that or any other local Act as appear to him to be necessary in consequence of the repeal and such transitional provision as appears to him to be necessary or expedient in connection with the matter:

Provided that, in the case of a provision of a local Act which appears to the Minister to be unnecessary having regard to the provisions of the last foregoing section, the power of repeal conferred by this subsection shall not be exercised without the consent of the local authorities for the area to which the proposed repeal extends.

2 N 3

1126

Ch. 68, 69

Noise Abatement Act, 1960 8 & 9 Buz. 2

Saving for byelaws.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

10 & 11 Geo. 6.

c. 43.

2 & 3 Geo. 6 c. 40.

Short title, extent and commencement

(2) For the purposes of this section the expression " Minister ’* means, as respect England and Wales, the Minister of Housing and Local Government and, as respects Scotland, the Secretary of State.

4. —(1) Nothing in the provisions of section one or section two of this Act or section sixty-six of the London County Council (General Powers) Act, 1937, shall affect any byelaw or power to make byelaws, and in particular no byelaw shall be held to be void for repugnancy on the ground that it prohibits or restricts an activity permitted by any of those provisions; and accordingly the said provisions shall not be included in the references to any enactment in subsection (4) of section two hundred and forty-nine of the Local Government Act, 1933, subsection (5) of section three hundred of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, and subsection (4) of section one hundred and forty-six of the London Government Act, 1939 (which provide that where, by or under any enactment, provision is made for the summary prevention and suppression of a nuisance in any area, the power conferred

by those sections to make byelaws for the area with respect to j that nuisance shall not be exercisable).

(2) In the said section sixty-six, paragraph of subsection (4) (which provides that nothing in that section shall affect the power to make byelaws conferred by the said section one hundred and forty-six) and the word "or " immediately preceding that paragraph are hereby repealed.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Noise Abatement Act, 1960.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the period of one month beginning with the date of its passing.

CHAPTER 69

An Act to amend the provisions of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, relating to the ages at which and the conditions subject to which persons may drive motor cycles and may obtain licences for that purpose.

[27th October, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1960

Road Traffic (Driving of Motor Cycles) , 1960

Ch. 69,1

1127

1. Subsection (2) of section ninety-seven of the Road Traffic Amendment

Act, 1960 (which empowers the Minister of Transport by regula-of 12)• of

tions to vary the minimum age for driving motor cycles, or motor Act cycles of any class or description, on roads) shall have effect as 1950.

if for the words " such minimum age, not being less than sixteen 8 & 9 Ey2 2. years, as may be so prescribed " there were substituted the words c. 16.

" such minimum age as may be so prescribed, not being less than—

(a) sixteen years, in the case of motor cycles other than those of the class or description specified in the following paragraph;

(b) fifteen years, in the case of motor cycles whereof the cylinder capacity of the engine does not exceed fifty cubic centimetres, being cycles equipped with pedals by means whereof they are capable of being propelled

2. A provisional licence granted under section one hundred Provisional

and two of the Road Traffic Act, 1960, on or after the first day licences not of July, nineteen hundred and sixty-one, shall not authorise the driving of8* driving of a motor cycle whereof the cylinder capacity of the heavy motor engine exceeds two hundred and fifty cubic centimetres. cycles.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Road Traffic (Driving of Short title

Motor Cycles) Act, 1960. extent-

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

An Act to provide for United Kingdom contributions towards the cost of certain works for the Indus river

WHEREAS on the nineteenth day of September, nineteen hundred and sixty, a treaty was signed on behalf of the Governments of India and Pakistan with respect to the utilisation of the waters of the Indus system of rivers:

And whereas on the same day Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom entered into an agreement with certain other Governments and with the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (hereafter referred to as " the Bank ") for the establishment of an Indus Basin Development Fund (hereafter referred to as " the Fund ") to be administered by the Bank and for the making (subject to such parliamentary approval as might be necessary) of contributions to the Fund by the parties to the agreement for the purpose of financing the construction of works required for the effective utilisation by Pakistan of the waters assigned to it by the treaty:

9 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 1

basin.

[20th December, 1960]

1128

Ch. 1,2

Indus Basin Development Fund , 1960 9 Elk. 2

United Kingdom contributions to the Indus fund.

Short title.

Amendment as to tenure of office of judges.

30 & 31 Vict, c. 3.

Short title and citation.

Commence-

ment.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Secretary of State may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, make from time to time to or to the order of the Bank, for the purposes of the Fund, payments by way of grant not exceeding in the aggregate twenty million eight hundred and sixty thousand pounds.

2. This Act may be cited as the Indus Basin Development Fund Act, 1960.

CHAPTER 2

An Act to amend the British North America Act, 1867.

[20th December, 1960]

WHEREAS the Senate and House of Commons of Canada in Parliament assembled have submitted addresses to Her Majesty praying that Her Majesty may graciously be pleased to cause a measure to be laid before the Parliament of the United Kingdom for the enactment of the provisions hereinafter set forth:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section ninety-nine of the British North America Act, 1867, is hereby repealed and the following substituted therefor:— "Tenure 99.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section,

of office the judges of the superior courts shall hold office of judges, during good behaviour, but shall be removable by the Governor General on address of the Senate and House o Commons.

(2) A judge of a superior court, whether appointed before or after the coming into force of this section, shall cease to hold office upon attaining the age of seventy-five years, or upon the coming into force of this section if at that time he has already attained that age."

2. This Act may be cited as the British North America Act, 1960; and the British North America Acts, 1867 to 1952, and this Act may be cited together as the British North America Acts, 1867 to 1960.

3. This Act shall come into force on the first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

1960

Administration of Justice

(Judges and Pensions) , 1960

Ch. 3

1129

CHAPTER 3

An Act to provide for the appointment of additional judges of the High Court and Court of Appeal; and to make further provision with respect to the pensions of certain judicial officers.

[20th December, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Numbers of Supreme Court Judges 1.—(1) The maximum number of puisne judges of the High Additional Court shall be increased from forty-two to forty-eight. {ro^and

(2) The number of ordinary judges of the Court of Appeal Court of shall, instead of being fixed at eight, be not less than eight nor Appeal, more than eleven.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Superannuation of Judicial Officers

2. The pension payable under the Police Magistrates (Super- Pensions of annuation) Acts, 1915 and 1929, or under section thirty-three of stipendiary the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, to a person who retires from magistrate8‘ office as a stipendiary magistrate shall be calculated on the salary he was receiving in the office in question immediately before his retirement in every case, instead of being so calculated only where he has been in receipt of that salary for three years or more.

3.—(1) Section one hundred and twenty-eight of the Supreme Pensions of Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which regulates certain officers the pensions of officers of the Supreme Court described in Part I Supreoae of the Third Schedule to that Act, and of certain other judicial00 officers) shall have effect as if the scale of allowances set out in the First Schedule to this Act were substituted for the scale contained in Part III of the said Third Schedule; and any reference in that Act to the said Part HI shall be construed accordingly.

(2) The said section one hundred and twenty-eight shall cease to have effect in relation to the offices of Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor and Official Solicitor to the Supreme Court.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the superannuation allowances payable by virtue of section one of the Supreme Court Officers (Pensions) Act, 1954 (which relates to the pensions of official referees).

1130

Pension of Judge Advocate General.

Financial

provisions.

Consequential amendments, repeals and saving.

Short title

Ch. 3 Administration of Justice 9 Eliz. 2

{Judges and Pensions) , 1960

4. —(1) In section thirty-four of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951 (which regulates the pension of the Judge Advocate General) the following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1):—

" (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, there may be paid to any person who has held the office of Judge Advocate General for a period of not less than five years, on his ceasing to hold that office, a pension at the following rate:—

(a) if he has held that office for a period of not less than

fifteen years, one half of the salary payable to him immediately before he ceased to hold it;

(b) if he has held that office for a period of less than fifteen years, one quarter of that salary plus one fortieth of that salary for each completed year of service in that office exceeding five."

(2) Sections two to eight of the Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950 (which provide for the payment of lump sums on retirement or death and of widows* and children's pensions in the case of persons eligible for pensions for service in any of the capacities listed in the First Schedule to that Act) shall have effect, in relation to any person who has duly elected that subsection (1) of the said section thirty-four shall apply to him, as if the capacity of Judge Advocate General were listed in the First Schedule to that Act; and for the purposes of that Act the expression " relevant service ", in relation to that capacity, shall mean service as Judge Advocate General.

Supplemental

5. There shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, or out of moneys provided by Parliament, any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums which, under any other enactment, are payable out of that Fund, or out of moneys so provided, as the case may be.

6. —(1) The enactments described in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in relation thereto in the second column of that Part (being amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act); and the enactments described in Part II of that Schedule are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Part.

(2) Nothing in this Act affects any pension or other benefit payable to or in respect of a person who retired or died before the commencement of this Act.

7. This Act may be cited as the Administration of Justice (Judges and Pensions) Act, 1960.

1960

Administration of Justice

(Judges and Pensions) , 1960

Ch. 3

1131

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE ®0*® 3-

Scale of Superannuation Allowances under Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925

Schedule 3, Part III

1. An annual allowance not exceeding fifteen-eightieths of the last annual salary may be granted after the completion of a period of service of five years.

2. Where the period of service completed exceeds five years, there may be granted an annual allowance not exceeding fifteen-eightieths of the last annual salary, with an addition of—

(a) one-eightieth of that salary for each completed year’s service

in excess of five up to ten; and

(b) (subject to paragraph 3 below) one-fortieth of that salary for

each completed year’s service in excess of ten.

3. The maximum allowance shall be one-half of the last annual salary.

4. In relation to any person in whose case an election is in force under subsection (1) of section eleven of the Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950, the foregoing provisions shall have effect as if for any reference to the last annual salary there were substituted a reference to the amount of that salary increased by one third.

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 6.

Consequential Amendments and Repeals Part I

Amendments Enactment Amendment

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49.

In section two, in subsection (1), for the words from " not less than " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " not less than twenty-five nor more than forty-eight puisne judges of that Court ".

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act, 1944.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 9.

In section six, in subsection (1), for the words " eight ordinary judges " there shall be substituted the words " not less than eight nor more than eleven ordinary judges ".

In section one, in subsection (2), for the words "less than forty-two" there shall be substituted the words "less than forty-eight".

2 N*

<^»

1132

2nd Sen.

Ch. 3 Administration of Justice 9 Eliz. 2

(Judges and Pensions) , I960

Part II

Enactments Repealed

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 74.

The Police Magistrates (Superannuation) Act,

In section one, in subsection (2), the words from " unless " to

1915.

the end of the subsection.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 67.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 9.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act, 1938.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act, 1944.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 62. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

The Patents and Designs Act, 1949.

The Justices of the Peace Act, 1949.

Section one.

In section one, subsection (1).

In the Schedule, the amendment of section two of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Section forty-nine.

In section thirty-three, in subsection (5), the words from " except * to the end of the subsection.

14 Geo. 6. c. 4.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 11.

The High Court and County Court Judges Act, 1950.

The Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950.

The whole Act.

In the Second Schedule, the amendment of Part III of the Third Schedule to the

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 68.

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 The Restrictive Trade In section thirty-two, subscc-Practices Act, 1956. tion (1).

005

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925. Justices of the Peace Act, 1949 Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950 Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951 Supreme Court Officers (Pensions) Act, 1954 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 11. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 46. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

1960

Expiring Imws Continuance , 1960

Ch. 4

1133

CHAPTER 4

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[20th December, 1960]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire—

(a) as respects those mentioned in Part I of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and sixty; and

(b) as respects those mentioned in Part II of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-one;

and whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Acts mentioned in Part I of the Schedule to this Continuance Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, gfAjk " be continued until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen Schedu,e* hundred and sixty-one.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be continued until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-two.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary in their duration shall, in so far as they amend or affect any enactment continued by the foregoing provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner as that enactment whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Con- short title and tinuance Act, 1960. application to

Northern

(2) Except in so far as it continues section one of the Aliens Ireland. Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

2 N* 2

1134

Ch. 4

Expiring Laws Continuance , 1960 9 Eliz. 2

Section 1.

SCHEDULE

Part I

1 2 3 4

Session and Chapter Short Tide How far continued Amending Acts

(1) 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 92. (2) 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 36. (3) 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 25. (4) 1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 23. The Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919. Section one —

The Education (Exemptions) (Scotland) Act, 1947. The whole Act —

The Tenancy of Shops (Scotland) Act, 1949. The whole Act —

The Accommodation Agencies Act, 1953. The whole Act —

Part II

1 2 3 4

Session and Short How far Amending

Chapter Title continued Acts

(5) 6 & 7 Geo. 6. The Rent of Furnished The whole Act 10 A 11 Geo. 6.

c. 44. Houses Control (Scotland) c.43.

Act, 1943. 12, 13 & W Geo. 6. a 40. 15 A 16 Geo. 6.

A 1 Biz. 2. c. 40.

2 A 3 Biz. 1 ,

c. 50. 5 A 6 Biz. 2

(6) 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 25.

The Furnished Houses (Rent The whole Act 12, 13 A 14

c. 34. Control) Act, 1946. Geo. 6. c. 40. 15 A 16 Geo. i

A 1 Biz. 1 c. 40.

2 A 3 Biz. 2

c. 53. 5 A 6 Biz. 2.

(7) 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c.25.

The Licensing Act, 1953 ... Partll

c. 46.

1960

National Insurance , 1960

Ch. 5

1135

CHAPTER 5

National Insurance A, 1960

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Lower rates of contributions and higher rates or amounts of benefits

under Industrial Injuries Act.

2. Higher rates or amounts of contributions and benefits under National

Insurance Act, 1946.

3. Entitlement to retirement pension.

4. Regulations.

5. Expenses.

6. Citation, construction, commencement, repeals and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Amendments of Industrial Injuries Act.

Second Schedule—Provisions to be substituted in First Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946.

Third Schedule—Provisions to be substituted in Part 1 of Second Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946.

Fourth Schedule—Amendments consequential on or supplemental to s. 2 (1) (2).

Fifth Schedule—Transitional provisions.

Sixth Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to amend the rates or amounts of contributions and benefits under the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1959, and the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1959, not being graduated contributions or graduated retirement benefit; to modify the provisions of the National Insurance Act,

1946, under which persons are treated as having retired; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid. f20th December, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) As from the beginning of the contribution week Lower rates appointed for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of of contribu-section one of the National Insurance Act, 1959, in Part I of JjP"s and the Second Schedule to the National Insurance (Industrial oJ^momits Injuries) Act, 1946 (hereafter in this Act referred to as "the of benefits Industrial Injuries Act ") for the table of rates of contributions under set out in the First Schedule to the National Insurance (No. 2) Industrial Act, 1957, there shall be substituted the table set out in Part I Iltfuncs Act of the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) The provisions of the Industrial Injuries Act specified in the first column of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act

1136

Ch. 5

National Insurance Act, 1960

9 Eliz. 2

Higher rates or amounts of contributions and benefits under National Insurance Act, 1946.

Entitlement to

retirement

pension.

(which relate to the rates and amounts of benefit described in the second column of the said Part ID shall be amended by substituting for the words and figures set out in the third column of the said Part II the corresponding words and figures set out in the fourth column thereof.

(3) The provisions of the Industrial Injuries Act specified in Part III of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively specified in the said Part m, being amendments consequential on or supplemental to the amendments made by the last foregoing subsection.

2. —(1) As from the beginning of the contribution week appointed for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of the National Insurance Act, 1959, for Parts I to IV of the First Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1946, as set out in the Third Schedule to the National Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1957, and amended by the said subsection (1) (which relate to weekly rates of contributions payable by insured persons and employers) there shall be substituted the provisions set out in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) For the provisions contained in Part I of the Second Schedule to the said Act of 1946 as set out in Part I of Ac Fourth Schedule to the said Act of 1957 (which relates to rates of periodical benefits and of increases for dependants) there shall be substituted the provisions set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(3) The amounts of maternity grant and home confinement grant shall be increased from twelve pounds ten shillings and five pounds respectively to fourteen pounds and six pounds respectively, and Part II of the Second Schedule to the said Act of 1946 as set out in Part II of the Fourth Schedule to the said Act of 1957 shall be amended accordingly.

(4) The enactments specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively specified in that Schedule, being amendments consequential on or supplemental to those made by subsections (1) and (2) of this

section.

(5) The provisions of this section increasing retirement pensions shall not be taken as affecting the provisions of section seventy-four of the said Act of 1946 relating to non-contributory

pensions.

3. In paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty of the National Insurance Act, 1946, at the end of sub-paragraph (iD (which sets out the circumstances in which a person may be treated as having retired from regular employment notwithstanding that he is engaged or intends to engage in a gainful occupation) there shall be added the words " or if his earnings can be

1960

National Insurance Act, 1960

Ch. 5

1137

expected not to exceed, or only occasionally to exceed, the amount any excess over which would, under subsection (5) of this section, involve a reduction of the weekly rate of any retirement pension awarded to him

4.—(1) Regulations made by virtue of this Act shall be made Regulations, separately according as they relate to the Industrial Injuries Act or to the National Insurance Act, 1946, and for the purposes—

(a) of any provision of the Act to which they relate with respect to regulations under that Act; and

(b) of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946,

shall be treated as regulations under the Act to which they relate.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of any power to make regulations under the National Insurance Act, 1946, and to the construction as one with that Act of the provisions of this Act relating thereto—

(a) subsection (2) of section sixty-five of that Act (which

confers power to prescribe in relation to existing contributors and existing beneficiaries modifications of, and additions and exceptions to, the foregoing provisions of that Act) shall have effect as if the reference therein to the foregoing provisions of that Act included a reference to, and as if the said power extended to the prescribing of any further modifications, additions and exceptions appearing to the Minister to be necessary or expedient in consequence of, any provision of this Act relating to that Act;

(b) subsection (2) of section seventy-one of that Act (which confers power to modify the foregoing sections of that Act in relation to any entrants who are over school leaving age on the appointed day within the meaning of that Act) shall have effect as if the reference therein to the foregoing sections of that Act included a reference to any provision of this Act relating to that Act;

(c) the power conferred by subsection (4) of section sixty-

nine of that Act to make provision by regulations for the modifying or winding up, in connection with the passing of that Act, of certain schemes, shall include power to make such further provision therefor as appears to the authority by whom the power is exercisable to be necessary or expedient in consequence of any provision of this Act relating to that Act.

(3) Subsection (2) of section sixty-one of the Industrial Injuries Act (which requires any proposal to make regulations to be referred to the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council for consideration and advice) and section seventy-seven of the National Insurance Act, 1946 (which requires a preliminary draft of regulations

1138

Ch. 5

National Insurance , 1960

9 Eliz. 2

Expenses.

Citation, construction, commencement, repeals and extent.

to be submitted to the National Insurance Advisory Committee before the regulations are made or, in certain cases, before a draft thereof is laid before Parliament) shall not apply to any regulations made, or to any draft of regulations laid before Parliament, before the expiration of the period of six months beginning with the date of the passing of this Act if the instrument containing the regulations or, as the case may be, the draft of that instrument states that the regulations are made in consequence of this Act.

5. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under—

(a) subsection (1) of section sixty of the Industrial Injuries

Act (as extended by section seventeen of the National Insurance Act, 1959); or

(b) subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of the National

Insurance Act, 1946 (as extended as aforesaid); or

(c) subsection (3) of section one of the said Act of 1959.

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance Act 1960.

(2) This Act-

la) so far as it relates to the Industrial Injuries Act, shall be construed as one with that Act and may be cited together with the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1959, as the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1960;

(b) so far as it relates to the National Insurance Act, 1946. shall be construed as one with that Act and may be cited together with the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1959, as the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1960.

(3) The following provisions of this Act, that is to say, subsections (2) and (3) of section one, subsections (2) and (3) of section two, section three, subsection (4) of this section. Parts II and III of the First Schedule, the Third Schedule, paragraphs 2 to 5 of the Fourth Schedule, and the Sixth Schedule, shall come into operation only on such day as the Minister may by order made by statutory instrument appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes of this Act or for the same purposes in relation to different cases or classes of case; and any such order may—

(a) if the date thereby appointed is appointed for some only of the purposes of this Act or in relation only to some cases or classes of case, contain such incidental or supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient as respects the period or any

1960

National Insurance , 1960

Ch. 5

1139

part of the period when this Act is to have a partial operation only, and, in particular, provisions modifying and supplementing, in relation to the period to which the order is to apply, the provisions of this Act or any Act amended by this Act;

(b) be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under this subsection;

and the provisions of this Act shall take effect subject to the transitional provisions set out in the Fifth Schedule to this Act.

(4) Such of the provisions of the enactments specified in the first and second columns of the Sixth Schedule to this Act as are specified in the third column of that Schedule are hereby repealed:

Provided that any regulations made by virtue of any enactment repealed by this Act, or by virtue of any such enactment as applied by any other Act, shall continue to have effect as if this subsection had not been passed.

(5) Without prejudice to the operation, in relation to any matters arising out of this Act, of any provision relating to Northern Ireland of the Industrial Injuries Act or the National Insurance Act, 1946, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1140

Ch. 5

National Insurance Act, 1960

9Euz.2

Section l

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Amendments of Industrial Injuries Act Part I

Table to be substituted in Part I of Second Schedulb

Weekly Rates of Contributions payable by Insured Persons and Employers

Class of insured person to whom rate applies Weekly rate of contribution

By the insured person By the employer

Men over the age of 18 ... 7 8

Women over the age of 18... 4 5

Boys under the age of 18 ... 4 4

Girls under the age of 18 ... 2 3

Part II

Amendments of Benefit Provisions

(The references to the various provisions are references to thou provisions as amended by the Second Schedule to the National Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1957, and any other enactment specifically mentioned in the first column of this Schedule)

Provision of Industrial Injuries Act Description of rates and amounts of benefit Existing rate or amount New rate or amount

Section 11 (3) ... Weekly rates of iqjury benefit— (a) for beneficiaries over 18 or with dependants, (b) for beneficiaries between 17 and 18 without dependants, (c) for beneficiaries under 17 without dependants. Maximum amount of disablement gratuity for disablement of less than twenty per cent Eighty-five shillings. Sixty-three shillings and ninepence. Ninety-seven shillings and sixpence. Seventy-three shillings and twopence.

Section 12 (6)... Forty-two shillings and sixpence. Two hundred and eighty pounds. Forty-eight shillings and ninepence. Three hundred and twenty pounds.

I960

National Insurance , 1960

Ch. 5

1141

Provision of Industrial Injuries Act Description of rates and amounts of benefit f 1 Existing rate or amount New rate or amount

Third Schedule (applied by s. 12 (7)). Weekly rates of disablement pension for degrees of disablement of— 100 per cent. 85 shillings. 97 shillings

90 per cent. 76 shillings and 6 pence. 87 shillings

80 per cent. and 6 pence. 68 shillings. and 9 pence. 78 shillings.

70 per cent. 59 shillings 68 shillings

60 per cent. and 6 pence. 51 shillings. and 3 pence. 58 shillings

50 per cent. 42 shillings and 6 pence. 48 shillings

40 per cent and 6 pence. 34 shillings. and 9 pence. 39 shillings.

30 per cent. 25 shillings 29 shillings

20 per cent and 6 pence. 17 shillings. and 3 pence. 19 shillings

Section 13 (1) ... Amounts by which weekly rates of disablement pension are increased on account of unemployability— (a) for beneficiaries Fifty shillings. and 6 pence. Fifty-seven

over 18 or with dependants, (b) for beneficiaries Twenty-eight shillings and sixpence. Thirty-two

under 18 without shillings and shillings and

dependants. sixpence. sixpence.

Section 14(1) (as Maximum amount of Thirty-four Thirty-nine

amended by increase of weekly rate shillings. shillings.

s. 1 of National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1948). Section 15 (2)... of disablement pension in cases of special hardship. Maximum amount of increase of weekly rate of disablement pension where constant attendance is needed— (a) in cases other than Thirty-five Forty shillings.

i j those of exceptionally severe disablement, (b)in cases of excep- shillings. Seventy Eighty

1 tionally severe shillings. shillings.

1 i disablement. 1

Ch. 5

National Insurance Act, 1960

9 Euz.2

Provision of Industrial Injuries Act Description of rates and amounts of benefit Existing rate or amount New rate or amoum

Section 17 (l)(as amended by s. 3 of National Insurance Act, 1951). Amount of increase of weekly rates of iiyury benefit or (in certain cases) disablement pension— (a)in respect of only, elder or eldest child, (b) in respect of each child other than the elder or eldest Fifteen shillings. Seven shillings. Seventeen shillings and sixpence. Nine shillings and sixpence

Section 18 (1)... Amount of increase of weekly rates of iiyury benefit or (in certain cases) disablement pension in respect of adult dependant. Thirty shillings. Thirty-five shillings

Section 19 (3) ... Weekly rate of widow’s pension payable in circumstances specified in the subsection. Fifty-six shillings. Sixty-four shillings.

Section 19 (4)... Maximum higher weekly rate of widow’s pension payable for prescribed period after deceased’s death. Seventy shillings. Eighty shillings

Section 20 (2)... Weekly rate of widower’s pension. Fifty-six shillings. Sixty-four shilling*

Section 21 (1) (as amended by s. 3 of National Insurance Act, 19 5 1, and Schedule to Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956). Weekly rate of death benefit— (a) in respect of only, elder or eldest child, (b) in respect of each child other than the elder or eldest Amount of increase of aforesaid weekly rate payable to a widow in circumstances specified in the subsection. Fifteen shilling* Seven shillings. Five shillings. Seventeen shilling* sixpence. Nine shillings and sixpence. Seven shillings and sixpence.

1960

National Insurance; 1960

Ch. 5

1143

Part UI

Consequential and supplemental amendments

1. In subsection (3) of section fourteen (as set out in the Schedule to the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act. 1948, and amended by the Fifth Schedule to the National Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1957) (which provides that the weekly rate of a disablement pension, apart from any increase in respect of the need for constant attendance or in respect of a dependant, shall not by virtue of an increase in respect of special hardship under that section be increased above eighty-five shillings) for the words 44eighty-five shillings'* there shall be substituted the words "ninety-seven shillings and sixpence

2. In subsection (1) of section twenty-one, in the words inserted by paragraph 10 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956, as amended by the said Fifth Schedule (by virtue of which a widow whose family includes a child of her deceased husband is not entitled to the special increase provided for by that subsection of death benefit in respect of that child if she is contributing to the cost of providing for that child at a rate of less than twenty shillings a week) for the words 44 twenty shillings " there shall be substituted the words 44 twenty-five shillings ".

3. In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section twenty-nine (which, as amended by the said Act of 1948 and the said Fifth Schedule, limits the aggregate of weekly benefit payable for successive accidents)—

(a) in sub-paragraph (i), for the words 44eighty-five shillings" (which relate to beneficiaries over 18 or wkh a dependant) there shall be substituted the words 44 ninety-seven shillings and sixpence";

(b) in sub-paragraph (ii), for the words 44 sixty-three shillings and ninepence " (which relate to the maximum rate, apart from any increase of benefit under section fourteen, for a beneficiary between 17 and 18 with no dependant) there shall be substituted the words 44 seventy-three shillings and twopence ";

(c) in sub-paragraph (ii), for the words 44 eighty-five shillings "

(which relate to the maximum fate including any increase under section fourteen for a beneficiary between 17 and 18 with no dependant) there shall be substituted the words 44 ninety-seven shillings and sixpence ";

() in sub-paragraph (iii), for the words "forty-two shillings and sixpence " (which relate to a beneficiary under 17 with no dependant) there shall be substituted the words 44forty-eight shillings and ninepence".

4. In subsection (2) of section thirty (as amended by the Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1951, and the said Fifth Schedule) (which relates to persons entitled to benefit at the higher of the rates provided for by section twenty-one)—

(a) the words 44 at the weekly rate of fifteen shillings " shall be omitted; and

1st Sch.

1144

Ch. 5

National Insurance , 1960

9EUZ.2

1st Sch.

(b) after the words "his family" there shall be inserted the words " at the rate applicable to an only, elder or eldest child".

5. In paragraph 1 of the Fourth Schedule (as amended by the Schedule to the said Act of 1951 and by the said Fifth Schedule) (which relates to the person entitled to an allowance at either of the two rates provided for by section twenty-one where two or more persons satisfy the conditions for receipt of such an allowance)-

(a) in head (ii) of sub-paragraph (1>—

(i) for the words " at the weekly rate of fifteen shillings or more " there shall be substituted the words " at. or at a rate higher than, the rate applicable to an only, elder or eldest child ";

(ii) for the words " at the weekly rate of seven shillings" there shall be substituted the words " at the rate applicable to a child other than an only, elder or eldest child ";

(b) in paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (2), for the words "at the weekly rate of fifteen shillings or more" there shall be substituted the words "at, or at the rate higher than, the rate applicable to an only, elder or eldest child"

1960

National Insurance , 1960

Ch. 5

1145

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 2.

Provisions to be substituted in First Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946

Contribution Rates Part I

Employed Persons

Weekly Rate of Contribution

Description of employed person Unless by virtue of a nonparticipating employment If by virtue of a non-participating employment

Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (not including men over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment)— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate s. . s. .

exceeding 60s Earning remuneration at a weekly rate 7 3* 8 10}

of 60s. or less Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (not including women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employment)— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate 3 10} 4 8*

exceeding 60s Earning remuneration at a weekly rate 6 3} 7 1}

of 60s. or less 3 4} 3 10}

Boys under the age of 18 5 0}

Girls under the age of 18 4 0}

For the purposes of this Part and Part II of this Schedule a person shall be deemed to be earning remuneration at a weekly rate of sixty shillings or less if, but only if, his remuneration does not include the provision of board and lodging by the employer and the rate of the remuneration neither exceeds nor is deemed in accordance with regulations made under subsection (5) of section seventy-eight of this Act to exceed sixty shillings a week, and to be earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding sixty shillings in any other case.

1146

Ch. 5

National Insurance , 1960

9 Euz.2

2nd Sch.

Past n

Employer*

I

Weekly Rate of Contribution

Description of employed person Unless by virtue of anon- r t O employment If by virtue of anon-

employment

Men over the age of 18— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s. or not being liable to pay s. . s. .

a contribution at an employed person... Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less and being liable to pay a 7 3* 8 6*

contribution as an employed person ... Women over the age of 18— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s. or not being liable to pay 10 8} 12 8}

a contribution as an employed person... Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less and being liable to pay a 6 3* 6 8*

contribution as an employed person ... 9 2* 9 11*

Boys under the age of 18 4 10*

Girls under the age of 18 3 9*

For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule a person over pensionable age, not being an insured person, shall be treated as an employed person if he would be an insured person were he under pensionable age and would be an employed person were he an insured person.

Part ID Self-Employed Persons

Description of self-employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (not including men over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment) s. . 11 4

Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (not including women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employment) 9 4

Boys under the age of 18 6 5

Girls under the age of 18 5 3

1960

National Insurance; 1960

Ch. 5

1147

Part IV 2nd Sch.

Non-Employed Persons

Description of non-employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

Men between the ages of 18 and 65 ... s. . 8 7

Women between the ages of 18 and 60 ... 6 7

Boys under the age of 18 ... 4 10

Girls under the age of 18 ... 3 9

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 2

Provisions to bb substituted in Part I of Second Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946

Rates of periodical benefits and of increases for dependants

Description of Benefit Weekly Rate Increase for only child or elder or eldest child (where payable) Increase for each additional child (where payable) Increase for adult dependant (where payable)

1. Unemployment benefit and sickness benefit— (a) in the case of a person over the age of eighteen, not being s. . s. . s. . t. .

a married woman (6) in the case of a person under the age of eighteen, not being a married woman— (i) during any period during which that person is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a 57 6 17 6 9 6 35 0

child or adult dependant 57 6 17 6 9 6 35 0

(ii) during any other period (c) in the case of a married woman over the age of eighteen— (i) during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is not residing with and is unable to obtain any financial assistance from her hus- 32 6

band 57 6 17 6 9 6 35 0

(ii) during any other period 39 0 17 6 9 6 35 0

1148

Ch. 5

National Insurance , 1960

9EUZ.2

3rd Sch.

Increase for only Increase Increase

child or for each for

Description of Benefit Weekly elder or additional adult

Rate eldest child dependant

child (where (where

(where payable) payable) payable)

(d) in the case of a married woman under the age of eighteen— (i) during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or an adult dependant other than her hus- s. . s. . s. .

band and she is not re-

siding with and is unable to obtain any financial

assistance from her husband 57 6 17 6 9 6 35 0

(ii) during any other period

during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult dependant 39 0 17 6 9 6 35 0

(iii) during any other period 32 6 — — —

2. Maternity allowance 57 6 17 6 9 6 35 0

3. Widow's allowance 80 0 25 0 17 0 —

4. Widowed mother's allowance—

(a) where payable by virtue of

the widow's having a family... 82 6 — 17 0 —

(b) in any other case 57 6 — — —

. Widow's pension 57 6 — — —

6. Guardian’s allowance 32 6 — — —

7. Retirement pension—

(a) where the pension is payable

to a woman by virtue of her husband's insurance and he is alive 35 0 17 6 9 6

(b) in any other case 57 6 17 6 9 6 35 0

8. Child's special allowance (if not

in excess of weekly rate of contributions previously made by deceased husband) 25 0 — 17 0 —

Note:—The increases of maternity allowance specified in the third, fourth and fifth columns of this Part of this Schedule apply only in so far as provided for by regulations under section eight of the National Insurance Act, 1953.

1960

National Insurance , 1960

Ch. 5

FOURTH SCHEDULE Amendments Consequential on or Supplemental to . 2 (1) (2)

1. As from the beginning of the contribution week referred to in subsection (1) of section two of this Act, subsection (2) of section two of the National Insurance Act, 1946 (which relates to the rates of contributions by insured persons and employers) shall have effect as if—

(a) in paragraph (a) thereof, for the words from " the rate "

onwards there were substituted the words "the rate set out in relation to that description in the second or third column of the said Part I which, under the National Insurance Act, 1959, is appropriate to his employment ";

(b) in paragraph (b) thereof, for the words from "the rate" onwards there were substituted the words " the rate set out in relation to that description in the second or third column of the said Part II which, under the said Act of 1959, is appropriate to that person’s employment*'.

2. In the following provisions of section seventeen of the said Act of 1946, that is to say—

(a) sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) (as set out in paragraph 1 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956, and amended by the Fifth Schedule to the National Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1957) (which in certain cases makes provision with respect to widowed mother’s allowance by reference to the rate, being a rate of twenty shillings a week or more, at which the widow contributes to the cost of providing for a child included in her family); and

(b) the proviso to subsection (3) (as set out in paragraph 3 of the Schedule to the said Act of 1956 and amended by the said Fifth Schedule) (which provides that a widowed mother’s allowance payable by virtue of the widow having a family shall not, by reason of any earnings of the widow, be reduced under that subsection for any week to less than twenty shillings),

for the words " twenty shillings " in each of the three places where they occur in those provisions there shall be substituted the words " twenty-five shillings

3. In section twenty-three of the said Act of 1946, in paragraph ( ) of subsection (3) (as set out in paragraph 1 of the Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1951, and amended by the said Fifth Schedule) (which relates to the payment of increases of retirement pensions in respect of children at the two rates provided for by subsection (1) of that section)—

(a) for the words "the weekly rate of fifteen shillings" there

shall be substituted the words "the rate applicable to an only, elder or eldest child ’*;

(b) for the words " the weekly rate of seven shillings " there shall be substituted the words "the rate applicable to a child other than an only, elder or eldest child .

Section 2.

1150

Ch. 5

National Insurance , 1960

9EUZ.2

4th Sch. 4. In subsection (3) of section eight of the National Insurance Act, 1953 (as amended by the said Fifth Schedule) (which relates to the amounts of the increases of maternity allowance payable in certain cases)—

(a) in paragraph (a)—

(i) for the words " fifteen shillings " there shall be substituted the words " such amount ";

(ii) after the words "eldest of those children*’ there shall be inserted the words " as is specified in relation to maternity allowance in the third column of Part I of the Second Schedule to the principal Act ";

(iii) for the words "seven shillings’* there shall be substituted the words " such amount "; and

(iv) at the end there shall be added the words " as is specified in relation to that allowance in the fourth column of the said Part I ";

(b) in paragraph (b), for the words "thirty shillings" there shall be substituted the words " such amount as is specified in relation to that allowance in the fifth column of the said Part I *.

5. In paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section five of the National Insurance Act, 1957 (as amended by subsection (3) of section two of the National Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1957) (which relates to the rates of child’s special allowance)—

(a) for the words " twenty shillings " there shall be substituted

the words "the amount specified in relation to the said allowance in the second column of Part I of the Second Schedule to the principal Act ";

(b) for the words " twelve shillings * there shall be substituted the words " such amount "; and

(c) at the end there shall be added the words " as is specified

in relation to that allowance in the fourth column of the said Part I

6. In section one of the National Insurance Act, 1959—

(a) in paragraph (a) of subsection (1)—

(i) in sub-paragraph (i), for the words " Part I of the First Schedule to this Act" there shall be substituted the words "the first column of Part I of the First Schedule to the principal Act ";

(ii) in sub-paragraph (ii), after the words " referred to in " there shall be inserted the words " the first column of "; and

(iii) for the words from "in that Schedule" onwards there shall be substituted the words "in the second column of the said Part I or, as the case may be. Part II; and";

(b) in subsection (2). in sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph

for the words from "the rates" onwards there shall be substituted the words "the rates set out in the second columns of Parts I and II of the First Schedule to the principal Act and the rates set out in relation to boys or girls under the age of eighteen in the second oolumns of Parts III and IV of that Schedule; and

1960

National Insurance Act, 1960

Ch. 5

1151

7. In subsection (1) of section seven of the said Act of 1959, 4th Sen. for the words from the beginning to " graduated contribution " there shall be substituted the words " For the purpose of determining the rate of the contribution payable by or in respect of an employed person for any contribution week by virtue of any employment which is a non-participating employment, subsection (1) of section one of this Act shall have effect as if in paragraph (a) thereof for the words 4 second column ’ there were substituted the words 4 third column *, and no graduated contribution shall "

FIFTH SCHEDULE Section 6.

Transitional Provisions

Effect of awards made before, or in respect of the period beginning before, appointed or prescribed day

1. —(1) Where an award of any benefit under the Industrial Injuries Act or the National Insurance Act, 1946, has been made, whether before or after the passing of this Act, before the day appointed or prescribed for the payment of benefit of the description to which the award relates at a higher weekly rate by virtue of this Act or any regulations made in consequence thereof, then, subject to such exceptions or conditions as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, the benefit shall, without any claim being made therefor, become payable (except as respects any period falling before that day) at the higher weekly rate, and the award shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Where any such award—

(a) is made after a day has been appointed or prescribed for

the payment of benefit of the description to which the award relates at a higher weekly rate or within a higher maximum weekly rate by virtue of this Act or any regulations made in consequence thereof; and

(b) is made before that day,

the award may provide for ‘die benefit to be paid, as from that day, at the higher weekly rate, or as the case may be, at any weekly rate within the higher maximum rate.

Variation of disablement gratuities

2. Any regulations made in consequence of this Act varying the scale of disablement gratuities prescribed under subsection (6) of section twelve of the Industrial Injuries Act may provide that the scale as varied shall apply only in cases where the period taken into account by the assessment of the extent of the disablement in respect of which the gratuity is awarded begins or began after such day as may be prescribed.

Maternity and home confinement grants

3. —(1) The provisions of this Act increasing maternity or home confinement giants shall not affect the amount of such a grant where the confinement occurred before the day appointed in relation to those provisions under subsection (3) of section six of this Act.

(2) The provisions of this Act increasing maternity grants shall not affect the amount of any such grant to which a woman has

1152

Ch. 5

National Insurance , 1960

9 Elzz. 2

5ih Sch.

Section 6.

become entitled 'before the said day by virtue of regulations made under subsection (4) of section fourteen of the National insurance Act, 1946, as set out in the First Schedule to the National Insurance Act. 1953:

Provided that regulations made by the Minister may provide for increasing to the amount provided for by this Act the amount of a maternity grant to which a woman has become entitled before the said day (whether payment has already been made or not) if the confinement in question has not occurred before that day and her pregnancy has not been otherwise terminated before that day.

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

14 & 15 Geo. 6.

c. 34.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 29.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 29.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 1.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 29.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 34.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 1.

The National Insurance Act, 1951.

The Family Allowances and National In-

surance Act, 1952.

The National Insurance Act, 1953.

The National Insurance Act, 1954.

The National Insurance Act, 1955.

The Family Allowances and National In-

surance Act, 1956.

The National Health Service Contributions Act, 1957.

The National Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1957.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 47.

The National Insurance Act, 1959.

In subsection (4) of section three, the words from " substituting " to "and by".

Subsection (6) of section four.

In the Schedule, paragraph 4.

The whole Act except so far as it relates to the Family Allowances Act, 1945.

In the First Schedule, paragraphs 3, 7, 12 and 13.

The whole Act.

Section two.

In the Schedule, paragraph 8.

In section two, subsection (2) from the word "and" where last occurring onwards, and subsections (3) and (4).

In subsection (2) of section seven, the words " and the Second and Third Schedules thereto ".

The Second and Third Schedules.

Section one.

In section two, subsections (1). (3) and (4).

The First, Second and Third Schedules.

In the Fourth Schedule, Parts 1 and III.

The Fifth Schedule except so far as it relates to section seventy-two of the National Insurance Act, 1946.

The First Schedule.

coo

1960

National Insurance Act, 1960

Ch. 5, 6

1153

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Family Allowances Act, 1945 Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946 National Insurance Act, 1946 National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1948 National Insurance Act, 1951 National Insurance Act, 1953 Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956 National Insurance Act, 1957 National Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1957 National Insurance Act, 1959 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 41. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 62. 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 67. 11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 42. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 34. 1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 29. 4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 50. 5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 26. 6 A 7 Eliz. 2. c. 1. 7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 47.

CHAPTER 6

An Act to replace the existing limits on the numbers of Parliamentary Secretaries in individual departments by a single aggregate limit; to authorise the payment of a salary to a Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Science; and to increase the salary of the Captain of the Gentlemen-at-Arms.

[20th December, 1960]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The limits imposed by section two of the Ministers Numbers of of the Crown Act, 1937, or by any other enactment upon the P^mentary number of persons to whom salaries may be paid as the holders of any one or more of the offices to which this section applies, \ Geo. 6. c. 38. or who may be appointed to hold any such office, shall cease to have effect; but the total number of persons to whom salaries may be paid at any time as the holders of all such offices shall not exceed thirty-three.

(2) This section applies to the offices listed in Part II of the Second Schedule to the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 5 A 6 Eliz. 2 1957, except those of the Law Officers, the Secretaries to and Junior c* 20 Lords of the Treasury, and the Treasurer, Comptroller and Vice-Chamberlain of Her Majesty’s Household.

2.—(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Salary of Parliament to any person holding office as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Science an annual salary not exceeding science, two thousand five hundred pounds.

1154

Salary of Captain of Gentlemen-at-Arms.

9 & 10 Geo. 6 c. 55.

Consequential amendments and repeals.

Expenses.

Interpretation and short title.

Ch. 6 Ministers of the Crown 9 Eliz. 2

(Parliamentary Secretaries) Act, 1960

(2) For the purposes of section six of the Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937 (which makes provision against duplicate salaries) any salary payable under this section shall be deemed to be a salary payable under that Act.

(3) The office of Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Science shall be included in the list of Ministerial Offices set out in Part II of the Second Schedule to the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957.

3. The amount of the annual salary payable under section two of the Ministerial Salaries Act, 1946, to the Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms is hereby increased from two thousand two hundred to three thousand pounds.

4. —(1) The enactments described in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule, being amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act.

(2) The enactments described in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

5. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums authorised to be paid out of moneys so provided under any other enactment.

6. —(1) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference thereto as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Ministers of the Crown (Parliamentary Secretaries) Act, 1960.

1960 Ministers of the Crown Ch. 6

(Parliamentary Secretaries) , 1960

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Section*

Consequential Amendment op Enactments

The Board of Agriculture In section five, in subsection (2), for the Act, 1889. words from " to the secretary " to

52 & 53 Vict. c. 30. " servants " there shall be substituted the

words " to the secretaries (other than any Parliamentary Secretary) and to the officers and servants ".

The Board of Agriculture In section one, after the word "two " there and Fisheries Act, shall be inserted the words " or more " 1909. and the word "second " shall be omitted.

9 Edw. 7. c. 15.

The New Ministries and In section ten, in subsection (2), for the Secretaries Act, 1916. words from " to the secretaries " to

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 68. " servants " there shall be substituted the

words " to the secretaries (other than any Parliamentary Secretary) and to the officers and servants ".

The Air Force (Constitu- In section nine, in subsection (2), for the tion) Act, 1917. words from " to the members " to

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 51. " servants " there shall be substituted the

words "to the members of the Air Council (other than the Secretary of State and any Parliamentary Undersecretary of State) and to the secretaries, officers and servants *.

In section six, in subsection (1), for the words " one parliamentary secretary " there shall be substituted the words " one or more Parliamentary Secretaries and in subsection (2), for the words from " to the secretaries " to " servants " there shall be substituted the words " to the secretaries (other than any Parliamentary Secretary) and to the officers and servants".

The Ministry of Health Act, 1919.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 21.

The Ministry of Transport Act, 1919.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 50.

The Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937.

1 Edw. 8 and 1 Geo. 6. c. 38.

In section twenty-five, in subsection (2), for the words from " to the secretaries " to " servants " there shall be substituted the words " to the secretaries (other than any Parliamentary Secretary) and to the officers and servants ".

In section two, for subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (2) The number of Parliamentary Under-Secretaries in the Treasury to whom salaries may be paid under this Act shall not exceed three."

2 N* 3

1155

1156

Ch. 6

Ministers of the Crown

(Parliamentary Secretaries) , 1960

9 Eiiz. 2

1st Sch.

The Ministry of Supply Act, 1939.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 38.

The Education Act, 1944. 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

The Ministry of National Insurance Act, 1944.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 46.

The Ministry of Fuel and Power Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 19.

The Ministerial Salaries Act, 1946.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 55.

The Ministry of Defence Act, 1946.

10 & 11 Geo. 6.C.2.

In section one, in subsection (2), for the words " a Parliamentary Secretary * there shall be substituted the words "one or more Parliamentary Secretaries ".

In section one, in subsection (3), for the words " a Parliamentary Secretary " there shall be substituted the words " one or more Parliamentary Secretaries ", and for the words " the Parliamentary Secretary " there shall be substituted the words " any Parliamentary Secretary ".

In section three, in subsection (1), for the words " a parliamentary secretary * there shall be substituted the words "any Parliamentary Secretary*; and in subsection (3), after the word "secretaries *’ in the second place where it occurs there shall be inserted the words " (other than any Parliamentary Secretary)

In section three, in subsection (1), for the words " a Parliamentary Secretary *’ there shall be substituted the words " one or more Parliamentary Secretaries*; and in subsection (2), for the words " the Parliamentary Secretary * in both places where they occur there shall be substituted the words " any Parliamentary Secretary ’*.

In section two, for the words from " not exceeding ’* to the end of the section there shall be substituted the words " not exceeding three thousand pounds a year in the case of the Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms, two thousand two hundred pounds a year in the case of the Captain of the Queen’s Bodyguard of the Yeomen of the Guard, and two thousand pounds a year in the case of each of the Lords in Waiting.*.

In section three, in subsection (1) for the words " a Parliamentary Secretary * there shall be substituted the words " one or more Parliamentary Secretaries *’.

1960

Ch. 6

1157

Ministers of the Crown

(Parliamentary Secretaries) , 1960

SECOND SCHEDULE Repeals

Acts

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 Edw. 8 and 1 Geo. 6. c. 38. The Ministers of Crown Act, 1937. the In section one, in subsection (2), the proviso. The Third Schedule.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 9. The Ministers of the Crown (Parliamentary Under-Secretaries) Act, 1951. The whole Act.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 47. The Ministerial Salaries Act, 1957. In the First Schedule, the amendment of the proviso to subsection (2) of section one of the Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937, and the amendment of section two of the Ministerial Salaries Act, 1946.

Instruments

Number of Instrument Short Title Extent of Repeal

.I. 1953 No. 1198. The Transfer of Functions (Ministry of Pensions) Order, 1953. In Article 3, paragraph (2).

.I. 1953 No. 1204. The Transfer of Functions (Ministry of Civil Aviation) Order, 1953. In Article 3, paragraph (2).

.I. 1955 No. 554. The Transfer of Functions (Ministry of Food) Order, 1955. In Article 3, paragraph (2).

Section 4.

TABLE III

The Short Title of the Church Assembly Measure, 1960

Measure passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

WHICH RECEIVED THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE YEAR 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

No. 1. Church Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Measure, 1960.

20

ii No. 1 Church Property (Miscellaneous 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Provisions) , 1960

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

No. 1

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To amend the Parsonages Measure, 1938, and the New Parishes Measure, 1943, and to make further provision as to church land; to make further provision as to grants and payments by the Church Commissioners; to provide for the distribution of the tithe maintenance fund; to alter the title of the Church Estates Commissioner appointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, to transfer to the Church Commissioners the property and certain functions of the Church Estates Commissioners and to make provision as to the pensions of the Church Estates Commissioners; to enable certain suffragan bishops to receive augmentation from the Clergy Pensions Institution; to provide for the transfer of rights of patronage within twelve months from the last institution or admission to the benefice; to abolish certain restrictions in respect of assurances of property to diocesan authorities; to dispense with the publication in the London Gazette of Orders in Council confirming schemes of the Church Commissioners; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[13th April, I960]

Power to exchange a parsonage house.

Part I

Amendments of the Parsonages Measure. 1938

1. After subsection (1) of section one of the Parsonages Measure, 1938 (which confers power to sell parsonage houses), there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (1 A) Where the incumbent of any benefice, or during a vacancy the bishop, has power under the foregoing subseo tion to sell the residence house of the benefice, the incumbent or bishop, as the case may be, shall also have the following powers, that is to say:—

(i) power to exchange that house for any other house

suitable for the residence and occupation of the incumbent of the benefice;

(ii) power to pay and receive money in respect of

equality of exchange; and

1960

Church Property (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Me, 1960

No. 1

(iii) for the purpose of obtaining a loan from the Com- Part I missioners for the provision of moneys required to be paid for equality of exchange, the powers of charging the revenues of the benefice exercisable by the incumbent under the Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776, and the Acts extending or amending that Act or any of them.

For the purposes of this subsection the word "house" includes the outbuildings, gardens, orchards and appurtenances or any of them or any part thereof."

2.—(1) In paragraph (i) of subsection (1) of section two of Acquisition the Parsonages Measure, 1938 (which confers power to erectof or purchase parsonage houses) the words "and so that leasehold Coders 2 property shall not be purchased except for the purpose of merg- of thC * ing forthwith the term for which the same is held in the freehold Parsonages reversion expectant on such term " are hereby repealed. Measure,

(2) At the end of section twenty of the said Measure (which 1 relates to interpretation) there shall be added the words "and the expression 4 purchase \ in relation to any land, includes the acceptance of any leasehold interest in that land ".

3.—(1) After section two of the Parsonages Measure, 1938, Power to

there shall be inserted the following section: — divide and

improve

Power to 2A—<1) During a vacancy in a benefice the bishop parsonage

shall have power, with the consent of the Commis- houses, sioners, the diocesan dilapidations board and the patron of the benefice, to authorise the sequestrators of the benefice:—

(a) to divide the residence house of the benefice into two or more parts or to reduce the size of the residence house in any other way,

(b) to enlarge the residence house.

divide and

improve

parsonage

houses

during

vacancy in

benefice.

(c) to carry out improvements to the residence

house and the outbuildings thereof, and

() to carry out improvements to the drive paths

and garden of the residence house,

and for the purpose of carrying out any work authorised under this section the sequestrators may enter upon the land of the benefice.

(2) Where the bishop during a vacancy in a benefice exercises his power under subsection (1) of this section and the vacancy is filled before the work undertaken in pursuance of that power has been completed, the incumbent succeeding to the benefice shall, to the extent of any moneys specially applicable or lent by the Commissioners, complete that

202

iv

Part 1

Consequential amendments of the Parsonages Measure,

1938, and adaptation of rules made thereunder.

Acquisition of churches and sites for church halls.

No. 1 Church Property ( 8 & 9 2

Provisions) Mea, 1960

work with such modifications, if any, as may be agreed by the bishop, the Commissioners and the diocesan dilapidations board, and in default of his so doing the diocesan dilapidations board may complete the work."

(2) In section three of the said Measure for the words 44 either of the foregoing sections",wherever those words occur, there shall be substituted the words 44 any of the foregoing sections ", and at the end of subsection (1) thereof there shall be inserted the following words:

44 Provided that it shall not be necessary for the bishop to give notice under this subsection to the patron of the benefice of an intention to exercise his powers under section two A of this Measure."

4.—(1) The amendments specified in the Schedule to this Measure, being amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Measure, shall be made in the Parsonages Measure, 1938.

(2) Any reference in any rules under section fifteen of the Parsonages Measure, 1938, to that Measure shall be construed as a reference to that Measure as amended by this Measure; any reference in those rules to a sale, or to an intention to sell, under that Measure, shall be construed as including a reference to an exchange, or to an intention to exchange, under that Measure as so amended; and any reference in those rules to land purchased under that Measure shall be construed as including a reference to land acquired by way of exchange under that Measure as so amended.

Part n

Amendments of the New Parishes , 1943

5. In subsection (1) of section thirteen of the New Parishes Measure, 1943 (which specifies the land and buildings which may be acquired by the Commissioners under that section) in paragraph (a) there shall be substituted for the words 44 any building " the words, 44 a church or a part of a church or any other building " and after paragraph (b) there shall be inserted the following paragraph: —

44 (bb) any building for use as a church hall or for use both as a church or other place of worship and as a church hall or any land for the site of such a building."

1960 Church Property (Miscellaneous No. 1 v

Provisions) Measure, 1960

6.—(1) Where any land is vested in the Commissioners at Part n the date of the passing of this Measure for any of the purposes vesting mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of subsection (1) of of land section thirteen of the New Parishes Measure, 1943, the land ac^"® shall on the consecration of the Church or burial ground vest in the incumbent for the time being of the parish in which the land purposes of is situated. the New

(2) For sections sixteen and seventeen of the New Parishes Measure, 1943, there shall be substituted the following sections: — powers to

44 Vesting 16.—(1) Where any land or building acquired dispose of

ofla" after the passing of the Church Property (Miscel-

laneous Provisions) Measure, 1960 under section required. Commia- thirteen or section fourteen of this Measure is— sionen. (a) a church or a part of a church or a building

fit to be used as or to be converted into a church,

(b) land acquired as a site for a new church or for a church to be substituted for an existing church, or for enlarging the site of an existing church,

(c) land for providing a new or extending an existing churchyard or burial ground, or id) land required for providing access to or improving the amenities of any church, churchyard or burial ground, the land or building shall vest in the incumbent for the time being of the parish in which the land or building is situated:

Provided that, if the area in which any such land or building is situated is subsequently constituted a new parish under this Measure, the land or building shall thereupon vest in the incumbent for the time being of that new parish, unless the scheme constituting the parish otherwise provides.

(2) Where any land or building acquired under the said sections thirteen or fourteen is—

(a) land or a building for a house of residence for an incumbent or other ecclesiastical person,

(b) land for an extension of such a house of residence,

(c) land required for providing access to or improving the amenities of any such house of residence,

the land or building shall vest in the incumbent for the time being of the parish in which it is situated

203

vi No. 1 Church Property {Miscellaneous 8 & 9 2

Provisions) , 1960

Part II

or, if the land or building was acquired for or for the purposes of the house of residence of the minister of a district constituted by a scheme under section one of this Measure, or as an endowment of any such district, in the minister for the time being of that district:

Provided that, if in anticipation of the constitution of a parish or district under this Measure any land or building is acquired for or for the purposes of a house of residence of the incumbent of that parish, or the minister of that district, or as an endowment of any such parish or district, the land or building shall vest in the Commissioners until the parish or district is constituted and shall thereupon vest in the incumbent or minister for the time being of the parish or district as the case may be.

(3) Where any land or building acquired under paragraph (bb) of subsection (1) of section thirteen of this Measure or any part of any such land or building is, with the consent of the diocesan authority, designated in the conveyance thereof as vesting in that authority, it shall vest in that authority accordingly.

(4) The parochial church council of the ecclesiastical district in which any land or building designated under the preceding subsection is for the time being situated shall keep the diocesan authority indemnified in respect of the matters referred to in paragraphs (a) to () of subsection (4) of section six of the Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure, 1956.

Powers of 17.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

dealing it shall be lawful for the owner of any land or build-

no longer *"8 which before or after the passing of this Measure

required for was acquired by the Commissioners or the Church purpose Building Commissioners, whether for valuable confer which sideration or by way of gift, for any of the purposes acquired. mentioned in paragraphs (a), ), (bb) or (c) of sub-

section (1) of section thirteen of this Measure:—

(a) to sell that land or building or any part

thereof;

(b) to exchange that land or building or any part

thereof for any other land or building more suitable for the purpose for which the original land or building was acquired and to receive or pay money by way of equality of exchange;

I960

Church Property (Miscellaneous No. 1 vii

Provisions) Measure, 1960

(c) to appropriate or transfer that land or build- Part n ing or any part thereof to or for any ecclesiastical purpose for the benefit of the ecclesiastical district in which the land or building is situated, or for any educational charitable or public purpose relating to that district; and

() where that land or building was acquired by way of gift, to reconvey it or any part thereof to the grantor or his successors in title without consideration:

Provided that no such sale, exchange, appropriation, transfer or reconveyance shall be made without the following consents, that is to say—

(i) in relation to any land or building vested in

the Commissioners, the consent of the incumbent, if any, and the bishop; and

(ii) in relation to any land or building which has vested in an incumbent, the consent of the Commissioners and the bishop, or, during a vacancy in the benefice, the consent of the Commissioners,

and no person shall give his consent under this subsection unless he is satisfied that the land or building, or the part of the land or building concerned, is no longer required for the purpose for which it was acquired.

(2) Where any such land or building was acquired for valuable consideration before the passing of this Measure and has been held for less than twenty years, the owner shall, before offering the land or building for sale under the last foregoing subsection, offer to resell it to the person from whom it was acquired at such price as failing agreement may be determined by arbitration:

Provided that, if the person to whom it is offered refuses the offer or does not accept it within six weeks after it is made, the right of pre-emption shall cease, and a statutory declaration made by any officer of the Commissioners authorised by them for the purpose that the offer has been refused or not accepted within the time aforesaid shall be sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein.

viii

Part D

No. 1 Church Property (8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Provisions) Mea, 1960

(3) Where any such land or building as aforesaid was acquired by way of gift or for a nominal consideration it shall not be appropriated or transferred under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section without the consent of the grantor or his successor in title:

Provided that no such consent shall be necessary—

(a) where land is appropriated or transferred

for the widening of a highway, or

(b) where the Commissioners are satisfied that it

is not reasonably practicable to apply for the said consent, and a certificate to that effect sealed by the Commissioners shall be sufficient evidence of that fact.

(4) Where any land or building is sold under this section the proceeds of the sale shall be paid to the Commissioners and shall be applied by them to such purposes, being purposes for the benefit of the benefice of the ecclesiastical district in which the land or building is situate or charitable purposes relating to that district, as may be agreed between the Commissioners and the bishop after consultation with the owner.

(5) Nothing in this section shall authorise the safe or disposal of any consecrated land or affect die jurisdiction of the Consistory Court

(6) Nothing in this Measure shall restrict or limit the powers of sale or disposal conferred by the Union of Benefices Measures, 1923 to 1952, the Parsonages Measures, 1938 to 1947, or the Ecclesiastical Leasing Acts or any Act or Measure extending or amending those Acts.

(7) In this section the expression " owner ", in relation to any land or building, means: —

(i) the Commissioners, if the land or building is

vested in them,

(ii) the incumbent, if the land or building is vested in the incumbent for the time being, or

(iii) during a vacancy in the benefice occurring after the land or building has vested in the incumbent, the bishop."

1960 Church Property (Miscellaneous No. 1 ix

Provisions) Measure, 1960

Part III

Additional powers relating to church land

7. —<1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall be Powers of lawful for the person in whom any land granted under the Gifts

for Churches Act, 1803, the Gifts for Churches Act, 1811, .or ^Snt^under the Consecration of Churchyards Act, 1867, is vested to exercise Gifts for thereover any of the powers exercisable by virtue of paragraphs Churches (a), (b), (c) or () of subsection (1) of section seventeen of the Act, 1803,

New Parishes Measure, 1943, over land acquired by the Com- Sf 9^* for missioners or the Church Building Commissioners: Actjulu

Provided that the said powers shall not be exercisable without or the the consent of the bishop, and the bishop shall not give his consent unless he is satisfied that the land, or the part of the land concerned, has not at any time been used, and is not likely to be used, for the purpose for which it was granted.

(2) Where any land has been held by virtue of a grant by way of gift under the said Acts for less than twenty years, the person in whom the land is vested shall, before exercising any of the powers conferred on him by the last foregoing subsection offer to reconvey it to the grantor without consideration:

Provided that if the grantor refuses the offer or does not accept it within six weeks after it is made, or if a statutory declaration is made by the bishop that the grantor cannot be found, the land may be disposed of in accordance with the provisions of this section.

(3) Where any land is sold under this section the proceeds of the sale shaft be paid to the Commissioners and shall be applied by them to such purposes, being purposes for the benefit of the benefice of the ecclesiastical district in which the land is situate or charitable purposes relating to that district, as may be agreed between the Commissioners and the bishop after consultation with the person by whom the land was sold.

(4) Land granted under the Consecration of Churchyards Act, 1867, may be sold under this section notwithstanding the reservation by the grantor of a right of burial under section nine of that Act

(5) Nothing in this section shall authorise the sale or disposal of any consecrated land or affect the jurisdiction of the Consistory Court

8. —<1) Where in pursuance of any Act or Measure land is Pro visions as acquired by the incumbent of a benefice in such a manner that to covenants, it vests in the incumbent in right of his benefice the incumbent

shall have power to enter into a covenant restrictive of the user of, or requiring the doing of any act in relation to, the land acquired or any other land vested in him in right of his benefice; and where in pursuance of any Act or Measure land vested in

X

No. 1

Part m

Power to take or grant easements.

Church Property (Miscellaneous 8 & 9 2

Provisions) Measure, 1960

the incumbent of a benefioe in right of his benefice is sold or otherwise disposed of the incumbent shall have power to enter into a covenant restrictive of the user of, or requiring the doing of any act in relation to, any other land so vested; and any such covenant entered into under this subsection shall, unless the conveyance otherwise provides, be enforceable against the incumbent for the time being of the benefice in whom the land affected by the covenant is vested.

(2) Where in pursuance of any Act or Measure the Commissioners acquire land which is to vest in the incumbent of a benefice in right of his benefice, or where an archbishop or a bishop or the guardian of the spiritualities acquires, sells, or otherwise disposes of land on behalf of the incumbent of a benefice during a vacancy in the benefice, the Commissioners, the archbishop, die bishop or the guardian of the spiritualities, as the case may be, shall have the same powers of entering into covenants as the incumbent has under the last foregoing subsection, and any covenant entered into under this subsection shall, unless the conveyance otherwise provides, be enforceable against the incumbent for the time being of the benefice in whom the land affected by the covenant is vested.

(3) Where a covenant is entered into by the incumbent under subsection (1) of this section, the incumbent shall not be Habfe for any breach of the covenant which occurs after he has ceased to be the incumbent of the benefice, and where a covenant is entered into by the Commissioners or by an archbishop, a bishop or the guardian of the spiritualities under subsection (2) of this section, the Commissioners, the archbishop, the bishop or the guardian of the spiritualities shall not be liable for any breach which occurs after the land has vested in the incumbent.

9.—(1) The incumbent of a benefice, or during a vacancy the bishop, shall have power to take an easement for any estate or interest for the benefit of any land which forms part of the property of the benefice or to grant an easement over any such land:

Provided that the powers conferred by this section shall not be exercised without the consent of the Commissioners, the patron, the diocesan dilapidations board and, where the power is exercised by the incumbent, the bishop.

(2) The grant or taking of an easement under this section may be made either without monetary consideration or in consideration of the payment of a capital sum or of a periodic sum.

(3) Any capital sum payable in respect of the grant of an easement under this section shall be paid to the Commissioners to be applied for the purposes for which the proceeds of a sale of the land over which the easement is granted would be applicable.

1960 Church Property (Miscellaneous No. 1 xi

Provisions) Measure, 1960

10, Where any land acquired by way of gift, otherwise than Part III

under the New Parishes Measure, 1943, for the site of the Power to residence house of a benefice, or any part of that land, has return to not been used for the purpose for winch it was acquired, and .

the incumbent considers that the land is no longer required

for that purpose, the incumbent shall have power to reconvey houses/^ that land or that part thereof to the grantor or his successors in title without consideration:

Provided that the power conferred by this section shall not be exercised without the consent of the bishop, the Commissioners and the diocesan dilapidations board.

11. —<1) The incumbent of a benefice may dedicate for the to purpose of a highway, either with or without consideration,

any such land belonging to the benefice as is hereinafter men- highways, tioned, that is to say: —

(a) any land forming part of the garden, orchard or

appurtenances of the residence house of the benefice and any land contiguous thereto, and

(b) any land forming part of the glebe of the benefice:

Provided that no land shall be dedicated under this section without the consent of the bishop, the Commissioners, the patron and the diocesan dilapidations board.

(2) Any sum to be paid as consideration under this section shall be paid to the Commissioners to be applied for the purposes for which the proceeds of a sale of the land would be applicable.

Part IV

Provisions relating to loans and payments by the Church Commissioners

12.—(1) Any grant by the Commissioners, whether voted in Power of

the form of a stipend or as a lump sum, may be made on the Commissioners

sole authority of a resolution of their Board of Governors.

* grants on

(2) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1942 authority of (which empowered the Commissioners to pay certain grants on resolution the sole authority of a resolution of a general meeting of the of Board of Commissioners), is hereby repealed. Governors.

13. Where the Commissioners have made a grant in the form Power to of a permanent stipend towards providing for the cure of souls capitalise in any benefice, being a grant made in accordance with the pennant provisions of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, section five of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1866, or the last foregoing section, the Commissioners, at the request of the incumbent concerned, may, instead of continuing to pay that stipend or part of that stipend, make for any authorised purpose a grant of

xii

Part IV

Abolition of certain restrictions on loans by the Commissioners.

Repeal of s. 11 of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1866.

Distribution of the tithe maintenance fund.

No. 1 Church Property (Miscellaneous 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Provisions) M, 1960

such an amount as would in the opinion of the Commissioners produce an annual income equal to the amount of the stipend or part of the stipend which is no longer to be paid.

In this section the expression " authorised purpose " in relation to a benefice means any purpose for which money, securities or other funds held by the Commissioners to the credit of the benefice may be applied under section five of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1936, or subsection (3) of section three of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1938, and any purpose for which money or securities in ithe hands of the Commissioners appropriated for the augmentation of the benefice may be applied under section one of the Queen Anne’s Bounty (Powers) Measure, 1939.

14. —(1) Any limitation imposed by the Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776, or any Act amending or extending that Act, on the amount of any loan which may be made under those Acts or on the rate of interest which may be charged in respect of any such loan, shall not apply to any loan made thereunder by the Commissioners.

(2) In paragraph <iv) of subsection (1) of section two of the Parsonages Measure, 1938, the words "but so that no limitation imposed by the said Acts or any of them in respect of the amount of any loan shall apply in the case of a loan for the purpose of erecting or purchasing a house or land for the site of a house " are hereby repealed.

15. Section eleven of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1866 (which provides that the amount payable by the Commissioners towards the provision of any parsonage house shall not exceed fifteen hundred pounds) is hereby repealed.

16. —(1) The Commissioners may at such date as they may determine divide the common fund established under section thirty-eight of, and paragraph 1 of the Eighth Schedule to, the Tithe Act, 1936 (which fund is commonly known as the tithe maintenance fund) in the following manner, that is to say:—

(a) three-fifths of that fund shall be transferred by the

Commissioners, in such proportions as they may determine, to the capital accounts of the diocesan stipends funds established under the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, and the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949; and

(b) the remainder of that fund shall be held by the Com-

missioners as part of the capital of their general fund.

(2) Upon the transfer of part of the tithe maintenance fund to a diocesan stipends fund under the last foregoing subsection, the making of such payments as are mentioned in the said paragraph 1, being payments required to be made thereunder

I960

Church Property (

Provisions) Mea, 1960

No. 1

xiii

to persons entitled to receive the emoluments of benefices in the diocese concerned, shall be a charge on the income account of that diocesan stipends fund. and. in so far as the income from the part of the tithe maintenance fund so transferred is not sufficient to meet those payments, the Commissioners shall pay out of their general fund into the income account of the diocesan stipends fund a sum equal to the difference between the amount of the said income and the amount required to meet those payments.

17. Notwithstanding anything in any Act, Measure, Order in Council or scheme, the Commissioners shall have power to pay any net income payable by them to any incumbent or other person in four quarterly instalments on the first days of January, April, July and October in each year, and shall also have power, at the request of the person entitled thereto, to make, at such times before the end of each quarter as they may determine, payments of such part of those instalments as they may determine.

18. For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that the Commissioners have power to increase the payments in respect of superannuation benefits payable by them by virtue of subsection (2) of section seventeen of the Church Commissioners Measure, 1947, to a person who was employed by Queen Anne’s Bounty or the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or to the spouse or dependants of any such person; and the increased payments shall be payable from such date as the Commissioners may appoint whether before or after the passing of this Measure.

Part V

Provisions relating to the Church Estates Commissioners

19.—41) The Church Estates Commissioner appointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury under section one of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act 1850, shall be called Third Church Estates Commissioner.

(2) All land vested in the First Church Estates Commissioner and all stocks, funds and securities held by the Church Estates Commissioners are hereby transferred to the Commissioners and shall by virtue of this section and without any conveyance, assignment transfer or other assurance vest in the Commissioners:

Provided that the vesting of property by virtue of this subsection shall not affect any previously existing trust or mortgage or other charge affecting the property, or any previously existing lease or tenancy thereof.

Part IV

Quarterly and other payments to incumbents, etc.

Power to increase pensions payable to retired officers of Queen Anne’s Bounty or Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Provisions as to title, property and functions of the Church Estates Commissioners.

xiv

Part V

Provisions as to pensions of Church Estates Commissioners.

No. 1 Church Property (Miscellaneous 8 & 9 Etc. 2

Provisions) Me, 1960

(3) The functions of the Church Estates Commissioners under the following enactments, that is to say:

the Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851,

the Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1854,

the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1860, and

the Ecclesiastical Commission Act, 1868,

are hereby transferred to the Commissioners.

(4) Section ten of the Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851 (which requires the Church Estates Commissioners to send annually to the Secretary of State a general report of their functions under that Act and also to give to the Secretary of State from time to time such information respecting their proceedings as the Secretary of State may require) is hereby repealed.

(5) Where any stock' is standing in the books of a company in the names of the persons who are for the time being Church Estates Commissioners, a request by the secretary of the Commissioners and production of a copy of this Measure printed by or for the Queen’s Printer of Acts of Parliament shall be sufficient authority to the company to transfer the stock into the name erf, and to pay dividends on the stock to, the Commissioners.

In this subsection the expression—

" company 99 includes the Bank of England and any company or person keeping books in which any stock is registered or inscribed, and

" stock " includes any share, annuity or other security.

20.—(1) The Commissioners shall have power to grant to any First Church Estates Commissioner or Third Church Estates Commissioner who—

(a) retires after having performed not less than ten years

pensionable service, or

(b) retires by reason of permanent disability for the perfor-

mance of the duties of his office after having performed less than ten years but not less than five years pensionable service,

a pension for the remainder of his life of the following amount, that is to say—

(i) if he has performed not less than fifteen years pensionable service, a pension of such amount as the Commissioners may determine not exceeding two-thirds of the salary to which he was entided under section nine of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1938, immediately before his retirement;

1960

Church Property (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Measurey 1960

No. 1

xv

(ii) if he has performed less than fifteen years but not less

than ten years pensionable service, a pension of such amount as the Commissioners may determine not exceeding one-half of the salary to which he was entitled as aforesaid;

(iii) if he has retired by reason of permanent disability as aforesaid and has performed less than ten years but not less than five years pensionable service, a pension of such amount as the Commissioners may determine not exceeding one-half of the salary to which he was entitled as aforesaid.

(2) The Commissioners may, at the request of any person who is entitled to a pension by virtue of the last foregoing subsection, and subject to such conditions as the Commissioners may determine—

(a) commute not more than one-quarter of that pension for

such capital sum as is estimated by the Commissioners to be the actuarial equivalent thereof; and

(b) permit the allocation of not more than one-third of

that pension to his spouse or dependants.

(3) In this section the expression " pensionable service " means service as First Church Estates Commissioner or as Third Church Estates Commissioner, and where any person has performed a period of service as First Church Estates Commissioner and a period of service as Third Church Estates Commissioner the two periods shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the length of his pensionable service for the purposes of this section.

(4) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Pensions of Church Estates Commissioners) Measure, 1930, is hereby repealed.

Part VI

Miscellaneous and General Provisions

21.—(1) Any person appointed to a suffragan bishopric before the 1st January, 1948, who, but for the passing of the Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1945, would have been qualified to receive augmentation under the rules of the Clergy Pensions Institution shall, notwithstanding anything in the said Measure, be deemed to qualify for the same augmentation under those rules as he would have received if the said Measure had not been passed.

(2) Any person appointed to a suffragan bishopric after the 31st December, 1947, who was immediately before his appointment a beneficiary of the said Institution shall be deemed to qualify for the same augmentation under the said rules as he would have received if the expression " clerk in holy orders " in section sixty-one of the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1948, included a suffragan bishop.

Part V

Suffragan

bishops

entitled

to receive

augmentation

from the

Clergy

Pensions

Institution.

xvi

Part VI

Repeal of s. 1(1) (Oof the Benefices Act, 1898.

Abolition of certain restrictions in respect of assurances of property to diocesan authorities.

Publication of notice of Order in Council confirming scheme of Church Commissioners to be sufficient

Form of consents.

Exercise of functions of bishop.

Provision as to deeds made under s. 9, 10 or 11.

No. 1 Church Property (Miscellaneous 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Provisions) Me, 1960

22. Paragraph <(c) of subsection (1) of section one of the Benefices Act, 1898 (which provides that a transfer of a right of patronage of a benefice snail not be valid unless more than twelve months have elapsed since the last institution or admission to the benefice) is hereby repealed.

23. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in section fourteen of the Companies Act, 1948, a diocesan authority may hold land for purposes connected with the Church of England without the licence of the Board of Trade.

(2) The Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888 (which imposes restrictions upon assurances of land and personal estate to corporations and to charitable uses) shall not apply to any assurance of land or of personal estate to be laid out in the purchase of land if the land or the income thereof is to be used for purposes connected with the Church of England and the assurance is to a diocesan authority.

24. —(1) Where the provisions of any Act or Measure require

any Order in Council affirming, confirming or ratifying a scheme prepared, caused to be prepared or passed by the Commissioners to be published in the London , then, after the passing

of this Measure, those provisions shall be deemed to have been complied with if notice that the Order in Council has been made is published in the London Gazett, and any such notice shall state where a copy of the Order in Council may be obtained.

(2) For the purposes of the said provisions the publication in the London Gazette of such a notice as aforesaid shall, notwithstanding anything in any Act or Measure, have the same effect as publication therein of the Order in Council.

25. —(1) Any consent of a bishop required by virtue of this Measure shall be signified by writing under his hand.

(2) An instrument in writing signed by the secretary of the diocesan dilapidations board stating that any consent of the board required under this Measure has been given shall be sufficient evidence that that consent has been given.

26. During the vacancy of a see the powers and duties conferred or imposed on the bishop by this Measure may be exercised and discharged by the guardian of the spiritualities of the see.

27. The sealing by the Commissioners of any deed made under section nine, section ten or section eleven of this Measure shall be conclusive evidence that the requirements of the section under which the deed is made with respect to the transaction carried out thereby have been complied with.

1960

Church Property (

Provisions) Mea, 1960

No. 1

xvii

28. —(1) In this Measure, except where the context otherwise Part VI requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby Interpretation, respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" bishop ", when used with reference to a benefice, means the bishop of the diocese in which the benefice is situated;

"Commissioners" means the Church Commissioners and includes, where the context so requires. Queen Anne’s Bounty and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners;

" consistory court " includes the commissary court of the diocese of Canterbury;

" diocesan authority " means the diocesan board of finance or any existing or future body appointed by the diocesan conference to act as trustees of diocesan trust property;

" functions " includes powers and duties;

"property" includes any interest in real or personal property; and

"suffragan bishop" means the bishop of any suffragan bishopric in England.

(2) References in this Measure to any Act or other Measure shall be construed as references to that Act or Measure as amended or extended by any subsequent Act or Measure including this Measure.

29. This Measure shall extend to the whole of the provinces Extent, of Canterbury and York, except the Channel Islands and the Isle

of Man, but may be applied to the Channel Islands as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measures, 1931 and 1957, or either of them, in accordance with those Measures.

30. This Measure may be cited as the Church Property Short title. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Measure, 1960.

xviii

No. 1

Section 4.

Church Property (Miscellaneous 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Provisions) Measur, 1960

SCHEDULE Amendments of the Parsonages Measurb, 1938.

CONSEQUENTIAL ON PART I OF THIS MEASURB

In section one. in Subsection (2) after the word "sale * there shall be inserted the words " or exchange "; in paragraph (i) of that subsection the words "to a purchaser" shall be omitted; and in paragraph (ii) thereof the words "upon the purchaser and any property disposed of to him*’ shall be omitted; in subsection (4) after the words "conferred by* there shall be inserted the watds * subsection (1) of *; and in subsection (5) after the word "sale " there shall be inserted the words " or exchange *.

In section two. in paragraph (ii) of subsection (1) after the wocd "paragraph* there shall be inserted the words "or any house acquired by way of exchange under the provisions of this Measure *; and in subsection (3) for the word "aforesaid* there shall be substituted the words " of this Measure/*

In section five, in subsection (1) after the word "sale *, wherever that word occurs, there shall be inserted the words " or exchange *; in paragraph (ii) of that subsection after the word "two * there shall be inserted the words "and in subsection (1) of section two A*, and in paragraph (iii) of that subsection after the word "sold* there shall be inserted the words " or exchanged *, and after the word "saleable" there shall be inserted the words "or exchangeable *; in subsection (2) after the word "sale " there shall be inserted the words " or exchange *, and after the words 44 any loan has been made for the purpose of the power contained in" there shall be inserted the words " paragraph (iii) of subsection (1A) of section one of this Measure or *; and in subsection (3) after the word "sale * there shall be inserted the words " or exchange " j

In section six, after the word "sale * there shall be inserted the words 44 or exchange j

In section nine, in subsection (1) for the words 44 or purchased * there shall be substituted the words 44purchased or exchanged"; in subsection (3) after the word 44 purchased " there shall be inserted the words 44 or acquired by way of exchange *; and in subsection (4) after the word 44 sold " there shall be inserted the words 44 or exchanged *, and at the end of that subsection there shall be added the words 44 or to any money paid to the Church Commissioners by way of equality of exchange and to the house acquired by way of exchange

In section eleven, in subsection (1) after the word 44 purchased *. in both places where that word occurs, there shall be inserted the words 44 acquired by way of exchange ’*.

coo

1960

Church Property (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Measure, 1960

No. 1

xix

Table of Enactments referred to in this Measure

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776

Gifts for Churches Act, 1803

Gifts for Churches Act, 1811

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840

Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1842

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850

Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851 Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1854

Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1860

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1866

Consecration of Churchyards Act, 1867

Ecclesiastical Commission Act, 1868

Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888

Benefices Act, 1898

Union of Benefices Measure, 1923

Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Pensions of Church Estates Commissioners) Measure, 1930 Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure,

1931

Union of Benefices (Amendment) Measure, 1936

17 Geo. 3. c. 53.

43 Geo. 3. c. 108.

51 Geo. 3. c. 115.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 108.

13 & 14 Vict c. 94.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 57.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 124.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 111.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 133.

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict c. 114.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 42.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 48.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. No. 2.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. No. 4.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. No. 4. 26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.

No. 2.

Tithe Act, 1936

Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1936

Parsonages Measure, 1938

Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure,

1938

Queen Anne’s Bounty (Powers) Measure, 1939... Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure,

1942

New Parishes Measure, 1943

Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944

Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1945

Church Commissioners Measure, 1947

Parsonages (Amendment) Measure, 1947

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1948

Companies Act 1948

Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949

Union of Benefices (Disused Churches) Measure,

1952

Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure,

1956

Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931 (Amendment) Measure, 1957

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 43.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.

No. 5.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. No. 3.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. No. 4.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. No. 1.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. No. 1.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. No. 1.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. No. 1.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. No. 2.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. No. 2.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. No. 3.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. No. 1. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

No. 2.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. No. 1.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. No. 3.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. No. 1.

XXI

TABLE IV

Effect of Legislation

Acts and Measures (in chronological order) repealed, amended or otherwise affected by those Acts, Measures and Statutory Instruments which received the Royal Assent or were made during 1960

[Note: Statute references in the fourth column are to chapters of 8 & 9 Eliz. 2 unless otherwise stated.]

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

18 Edw. 1:

Stat. 1 Statute of Westminster the Third (Quia Emp-tores). . 3 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. n.

33 Hen. 8:

c. 9 Unlawful Games Act, 1541. Rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

c. 27 Leases by Corporations Act, 1541. Rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

1 Edw 6:

c. 14 13 Eliz. 1: Dissolution of Colleges Act, 1547. 1 Rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

c. 10 Ecclesiastical Leases Act, Power to exd 58, s. 23 (5) (6).

1571. . 2 rep. in pt 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

14 Eliz. 1:

c. 11 Ecclesiastical Leases Act, Power to excl 58, s. 23 (5) (6). 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

1572. . 5 rep. in pt

c. 14 Hospitals for the Poor Act, 1572. Rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

18 Eliz. 1:

c. 11 Ecclesiastical Leases Act, 1575. Power to exd 58, s. 23 (5) (6).

39 Eliz. 1:

c. 5 Hospitals for the Poor Act, 1597. Rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

43 & 44 Eliz. 1:

c. 2 Poor Relief Act, 1601 ... Ss. 2, 7 rep 12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2.

1621:

c. 14 Act of the Parliament of Scotland " Anent Playing at Cardes and dyce and Horse Races Rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

17 Car. 2:

c. 3 Augmentation of Benefices Act, 1665. Rep. so far as unrepealed 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II. 2 P

xxii Effect of Legislation 8 & 9 2

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

29 Car. 2:

c. 8 Augmentation of Bene- . 1 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), scfa.

fices Act, 1677. 7 Pt. H.

2&3 Ann.:

c. 20 Queen Anne’s Bounty Rep. so far as unrepealed 58, ss. 39, 48 (2),

Act, 1703. schs. 5,7 PL 11.

9 Ann.:

c. 19 Gaining Act, 1710 Ss. 2-9 rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

2 Geo. 2:

c. 28 Unlawful Games Act, Rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

1728.

9 Geo. 2:

c. 36 Charitable Uses Act, 1735 . 5 rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

12 Geo. 2:

c. 28 Gaming Act, 1738 Rep., exc. ss. 4,11 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

13 Geo. 2:

c. 19 Gaming Act, 1739 Rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

17 Geo. 2:

c. 38 Poor Relief Act, 1743 ... Ss. 7, 8 rep 12, s. 15 (IX sch. 2.

18 Geo. 2:

c. 34 Gaming Act, 1744 Rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

25 Geo. 2:

c. 36 Disorderly Houses Act, Ss. 5, 6, 8, 10 all rep. in 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

1751. pt.

17 Geo. 3:

c. 53 Clergy Residences Repair Excl. in pt CA.M. No. 1,

Act, 1776. s. 14 (1).

30 Geo. 3:

c. 48 Treason Act, 1790 . 4 rep 56, .L.R.

36 Geo. 3:

c. 85 Mills Act, 1796 Rep 56, .L.R.

42 Geo. 3:

c. 116 Land Tax Redemption Act, 1802. . 9 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7Pt.II. 61, s. 113 (IX sch. 4. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

. 14 am. (.) (prosp.) ... Ss. 50, 161, 162 rep. ...

7PL 11.

43 Geo. 3:

c. 107 Queen Anne’s Bounty Preamble, s. 1 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

Act, 1803. 7Pt.Il.

c. 108 Gifts for Churches Act, Ss. 1-3 rep., 4 rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

1803. 7 Pt. II.

48 Geo. 3:

c. 127 Marriages Confirmation Ss. 2, 4 rep 56, .L.R.

Act, 1808.

51 Geo. 3:

c. 37 Marriage of Lunatics Act, Rep. {prosp.) 61, ss. 1, 113 (2X

1811. sch. 5.

c. 115 Gifts for Churches Act, Preamble rep., ss. 1,2 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

1811. in pt. 7Pt.Il.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

52 Geo. 3:

c. 101 Charities Procedure Act, 1812. Rep. (E.) 58, ss. 28 (9), 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 102 Charitable Donations Registration Act, 1812. Rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

54 Geo. 3:

c. 145 Corruption of Blood Act, 1814. Rep 56, .L.R.

c. 170 Poor Relief Act, 1814 ... . 12 rep. in pt 12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2.

55 Geo. 3:

c. 128 Admiralty (Signal Stations) Act, 1815. . 3 am. (.) ... 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

c. 147 Glebe Exchange Act, 1815 Ss. 1 rep. in pt., 4, 5 rep., 6 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

58 Geo. 3:

c. 70 Disorderly Houses Act, 1818. . 7 rep. in pt 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

7 Geo. 4:

c. 16 Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals Act, 1826. . 44 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 66 Clergy Residence Act, 1826. . 1 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. U.

7 & 8 Geo. 4:

c. 75 Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1827. Ss. 1 rep. in pt., 2 rep.... 56, .L.R.

9 Geo. 4:

c. 69 Night Poaching Act, 1828 Am. (E.) 36, ss. 1 (1) (3), 2, 4, 6 (2).

10 Geo. 4:

c. 56 Friendly Societies Act, Ss. 9, 33 rep. (unincor- 64, s. 72 (IX

1829. porated building societies). sch. 5.

1 & 2 Will. 4:

c. 32 Game Act, 1831 . 30 am. . 31 am . 33 am. . 36 saved 36, ss. 2, 5 (1). 36, ss. 1 (2), 4. 36, ss. 2, 5 (2X 36, s. 4 (3).

c. 37 Truck Act, 1831 Excl. (E.) (.) (dock workers). Ss. 1, 3 mod. (E.) (.)... . 4 mod. (E.) (.) . 9 mod. (E.) (.) 39, s. 1 (1). 37, s. 1. 37, s. 6 (1). 37, s. 6 (2).

c. 60 Vestries Act, 1831 . 39 rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

2 A 3 Will. 4:

c. 57 Charities Procedure Act, 1832. . 3 rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

c. 115 Roman Catholic Charities Act, 1832. . 5 rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

3 & 4 Will. 4:

c. 41 Judicial Committee Act, 1833. Appl. (mod.) (Ghana) 41, s. 2 (4). .I. No. 970.

Appl. (prosp.) 66, s. 9 (3).

c. 50 Customs (Repeal) Act, 1833. Rep 56, .L.R.

4 & 5 Will. 4:

c. 24 Superannuation Act, 1834. Appl 16, s. 126.

c. 43 Justices’ Qualification (Scilly Islands) Act, 1834. Rep 56, SX.R. 2 P 2

XXIV

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

6 & 7 Will. 4:

c. 20 Ecclesiastical Leases Act, Power to excl 58, s. 23 (5) (6).

1836. Ss. 1, 2, 4, 5 rep. in pt.... 58, s. 48 (2). sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 64 Ecclesiastical Leases Amendment Act, 1836. . 1 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 77 Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1836. Ss. 1-8 rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

2 & 3 Vict.:

c. 47 Metropolitan Police Act, 1839. . 12 saved 12, s. 12 (3).

. 44 expkl . 48 rep. 60, s. 26(1). 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

c. 71 Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839. . 51 rep. in pt. 12, ss. 13 (1), 15 (1), sch. 2.

3 & 4 Vict.:

c. 77 4 & 5 Vict.: Grammar Schools Act, 1840. Rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

c. 39 5 & 6 Vict.: Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1841. . 13 rep. in pL 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 94 Defence Act, 1842 Ss. 10,18am. (.) 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

c. 106 7 & 8 Vict.: Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842. Ss. 80, 91 expld. (prosp.) 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

c. 37 School Sites Act, 1844 ... . 3 rep 58, s. 48 sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 45 Nonconformist Chapels Act, 1844. Rep. (E.) (saving for s. 2) 58, s. 39. bch. 5.

c. 85 8 & 9 Vict.: I Railway Regulation Act, 1844. Ss. 2-10, 12 rep. 56, .L.R.

c. 17 Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845. . 82 am. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (1). sch. 4.

c. 19 Lands Clauses Consoli- Ss. 7, 67, 69, 70 am. 61, s. 113 (1).

I dation (Scotland) Act, 1845. (prosp.). sch. 4.

c. 20 Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. Ss. 25-29, 63-64 rep. ... 56, .L.R.

c. 109 9 & 10 Vict. : Gaming Act, 1845 Rep., exc. ss. 10-14, 17, 18, sch. 3. . 11 am. . 13 rep. in pt. 60, s. 15, sch. 6. 60, s. 29 (1). sch. 4 para. 9. 60, ss. 26 (2). 29 (3), sch. 6.

c. 74 Baths and Washhouses Act, 1846. Rep. (City of London) xxxvi, s. 40 (2).

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 61 Baths and Washhouses Act, 1847. Rep. (City of London) xxxvi, s. 40 (2).

c. 89 11 & 12 Vict.: Town Police Clauses Act, 1847. Restr. 16, s. 150 (2).

c. 91 Poor Law Audit Act, 1848. . 11 rep. 56, .L.R. 1

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12 & 13 Vict.:

c. 14 Distress for Rates Act, 1849. Rep. 12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2.

c. 45 Quarter Sessions Act, 1849. Appl Ss. 12-14 excl 60, s. 24 (1). sch. 3 para. 7. (9 Eliz. 2), s. 9 (4)

c. 49 School Sites Act, 1849 ... . 4 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 51 Judicial Factors Act, Ss. 1,7,25,26,30 am. (.) 61, s. 113 (1),

1849. (prosp.) sch. 4.

c. 64 Poor Law (Justices Jurisdiction) Act, 1849. Rep 12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2.

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 28 Trustee Appointment Act, 1850. Rep. (E) 58, ss. 35 (6), 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 57 Vestries Act, 1850 . 7 rep. in pt 12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2.

c. 94 Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850. . 1 am. j C.A.M. No. 1. s. 19 (Q.

14 & 15 Vict.:

c. 19 Prevention of Offences Act, 1851. . 11 saved (E). 36, s. 1 (3).

c. 56 ... Charities (Service of Notice) Act, 1851. Rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 99 Evidence Act, 1851 Ss. 7,11 appl. (Bcchuana-land Protectorate). .I. No. 2416, art. 77, sch. 5.

c. 102 Seamen's Fund Winding-up Act, 1851. Rep. (E.) 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

c. 104 Episcopal and Capitular Functions of Church C.A.M. No. 1.

Estates Act, 1851. Estates Commissioners transfd. to Church Commissioners. . 10 rep. s. 19 (3). C.A.M. No. 1. s. 19 (4).

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 38 Justices Jurisdiction Act, 1852. Rep 12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2.

c. 49 School Sites Act, 1852 ... Rep. (E.) so far as applying the Trustee Appointment Act, 1850 (13 & 14 Vict, c. 28) 58, s. 35 (6).

16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 119 Betting Act, 1853 Rep 60, ss. 1 (1), 29 (3), sch. 6.

c. 137 Charitable Trusts Act, 1853. Rep. (saving) 58, s. 48 (2) (4), sch. 7 Pt. I.

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 34 Attendance of Witnesses Act, 1854. Appl 66, s. 8 (2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

c. 38 Gaming Houses Act, 1854. Rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

c. 80 Registration of Births, . 7 am. 32, s. 4.

Deaths and Marriages . 76 am. {prosp.) (definition of " occupier "). i 61, s. 113 (1),

(Scotland) Act, 1854. sch. 4.

XXVI

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

17 & 18 Vict —cont.

c. 112 Literary and Scientific Institutions Act, 1854. Am. (E.) . 12 rep. (E.) . 14 rep. (E.) 58, s. 35 (5). 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I. 58, ss. 48 (2). 49 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 116 Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1854. Functions of Church Estates Commissioners Transfd. to Church Commissioners. CA.M. No. 1. s. 19 (3).

18 & 19 Vict.:

c. 81 Places of Worship Registration Act, 1855. . 9 am 58, s. 48 (1), sch. 6.

c. 120 Metropolis Management Act, 1855. . 199 rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

c. 124 Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855 Rep. (saving) 58, s. 48 (2) (4), sch. 7 Pt I.

19 & 20 Vict.:

c. 113 Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act, 1856. Appl. (Bechuanaland Protectorate). .I. No. 2416, art. 77, sch. 5.

20 A21 Vict.:

c. 34 New Brunswick Boundary Act, 1857. Rep. 56, .L.R.

c. 43 Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1857. . 6 am 65, s. 19 (1), sch. 3.

c. 71 Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857. Rep. (prosp.) 61, ss. 1, 113 (2), sch. 5.

21 & 22 Vict.:

c. 57 Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858. . 2 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt II.

c. 75 Cheap Trains and Canal Carriers Act, 1858. Rep 56, .L.R.

22 Vict.:

c. 20 Evidence by Commission Act, 1859. Appl. (Bechuanaland Protectorate). .I. No. 2416, art. 77, sch. 5.

c. 27 Recreation Grounds Act, 1859. Rep. (E.) 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

22 & 23 Vict.:

c. 63 British Law Ascertainment Act, 1859. Appl. (Bechuanaland Protectorate). .I. No. 2416, art 77, sch. 5.

23 A24 Vict.:

c. 11 Endowed Schools Act, 1860. Rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

c. 27 Refreshment Houses Act, 1860. . 32 expld 60,s.26(l).

c. 112 Defence Act, 1860 . 11 am. (.) (prosp.) ... 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

c. 124 Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1860. Functions of Church Estates Commissioners transfd. to Church Commissioners. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 19 (3).

c. 134 Roman Catholic Charities Act, 1860. Rep. (saving for s. 5) ... 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

c. 136 Charitable Trusts Act, 1860. Rep. (saving) 58, s. 48 (2) (4), sch. 7 Pt. I.

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 11 Foreign Law Ascertainment Act, 1861. Appl. (Bechuanaland Protectorate). .I. No. 2416, art 77, sch. 5.

c. 47 Harbours and Passing Tolls, Ac., Act, 1861. . 66 am. 18, s. 28 (5).

c. 70 Locomotive Act, 1861 ... Ss. 6, 7 rep. (E.) (.) (prosp.) ^Ic 16, s. 266.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xxvii

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

25 & 26 Vict.:

c. 22 Revenue Act, 1862 . 1, sch. (C.) rep. 44, ss. 8 (1),

79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. III.

c. 54 Lunacy (Scotland) Act, Rep. (prosp,.) 61, ss. 1, 113 (2),

1862. sch. 5.

c. 82 Poor Rates Recovery Act, Saved 12, s. 5 (2).

1862.

c. 93 Thames Embankment . 41 restr 16, s. 262.

Act, 1862.

c. 97 Salmon Fisheries (Scot- . 13 expld. (prosp.) ... 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

land) Act, 1862.

c. 102 Metropolis Management . 18 rep. 12, s. 15 (1),

Amendment Act, 1862. . 72 excl sch. 2. 63, s. 19 (2).

c. 112 Charitable Trusts Act, Rep. (saving) 58, s. 48 (2) (4),

1862. sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 114 Poaching Prevention Act, Am. (E.) 36, s. 3.

1862. . 1 am. (E.) 36, s. 3 (2).

. 2 rep. in pt. (E.) am. (E.) 36, s. 3 (2). 36, s. 5 (3).

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 47 Church of Scotland . 2 am. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (1),

Courts Act, 1863. sch. 4.

c. 93 Waterworks Clauses Act, . 17 expld. (prosp.) (N.I.) 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

1863.

c. 106 Charity Lands Act, 1863 Rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. II.

c. 120 Lord Chancellor’s Aug- . 20 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

mentation Act. 7Ptn.

27 & 28 Vict.:

c. 59 Lunacy Board (Scotland) Rep. (prosp.) 61, ss. 1, 113 (2),

Act, 1864. sch. 5.

c. 114 Improvement of Land Act, 1864. Ss. 24,68 am. (.) 61, s. 113 (1),

sch. 4.

c. 120 Railway Companies’ Powers Act, 1864. Rep 56, .L.R.

c. 121 Railways Construction Rep 56, .L.R.

Facilities Act, 1864.

28 & 29 Vict.:

c. 63 Colonial Laws Validity Excl 55, s. 1 (2).

Act, 1865.

c. 89 Greenwich Hospital Act, . 43 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

1865. 7 Pt. II.

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 51 Lunacy (Scotland) Act, Rep. (prosp.) 61, ss. 1, 113 (2),

1866. sch. 5.

c. Ill Ecclesiastical Commis- . 9 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

sioners Act, 1866. 7 Pt. II. C.A.M. No. 1,

. 11 rep.

s. 15.

c. 122 Metropolitan Commons . 31 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

Act, 1866. 7 Pt. 11.

30 & 31 Vict.:

c. 3 British North America . 99 rep. and subst ... 2 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 1.

Act, 1867.

c. 133 Consecration of Church- . 4 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

yards Act, 1867. 7 Pt. n.

. 9 expld C.A.M. No. 1,

s.7(4).

c. 134 Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867. Ss. 8, 14 excl . 23 rep. 16, s. 150 (1). 60, s. 29 (3),

sch. 6.

xxviii Effect of Legislation 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of I960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 37 Documentary Evidence Act, 1868. Sch. am 58. s. 1 (2), sch. 1 para. 3 (2).

c. 100 Court of Session Act, 1868. . 91 appl 16, s. 57 (2) (b).

c. 101 Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868. . 24 am. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

c. 110 Telegraph Act, 1868 ... Ss. 4, 5, 7,14 rep. 56, s. 1 (1), sch.

c. 114 Ecclesiastical Commis- Functions of Church C.A.M. No. 1,

sion Act, 1868. Estate Commissioners transfd. to Church Commissioners. s. 19 (3).

c. 118 Public Schools Act, 1868 . 5 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 119 Regulation of Railways Act, 1868. . 38 rep. 56, s. 1 (1), sch.

32 & 33 Vict 33 Vict.:

c. 26 Trustee Appointment Act, 1869. Rep 58, ss. 35 (6), 48 (2), sch. 7 PL L

c. 56 Endowed Schools Act, Ss. 8 para. (3), 13,27 iep. 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

1869. . 28 rep. Ss. 30 rep., 32 rep. in pt. Ss. 36 rep. in pt., 37, 39 para. (2) rep., 40 rep. in pt. . 42 rep . 49 rep. Ss. 52 rep., 55 rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt I. 58, s. 39, sch. 5. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt I. 58, s. 39, sch. 5. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I. 58, s. 39 (IX sch. 5.

c. 58 Public Schools Act, 1869 . 2 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. n.

c. 73 Telegraph Act, 1869 ... Ss. 7 rep. in pt., 21 rep.... 56, .L.R.

c. 87 Prevention of Gaming (Scotland) Act, 1869, Rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

c. 92 Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869. . 10 expld. {prosp.) 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

c. 110 Charitable Trusts Act, 1869. Rep. (saving) 58, s. 48 (2) (4X sch. 7 Pt I.

c. 115 Metropolitan Public Carriage Act, 1869. Excl 16, s. 150 (1).

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 34 Charitable Funds Investment Act, 1870. Rep. (E.) (.) 58, ss. 48 (2X 49 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 39 Church Patronage Act, 1870. . 1 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. n.

c. 63 Wages Arrestment Limitation (Scotland) Act, 1870. . 2 am 21, s. 1.

c. 75 Elementary Education Act, 1870. Rep. so far as unrep. ... 58, ss. 39,48(2X schs. 5, 7 Pt. I.

34 & 35 Vict.:

c. 36 Pensions Commutation Act, 1871. Excl .I. No. 1270, reg. 3.

c. 55 Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland) (Amendment) Act, 1871. Rep. (prosp.) 61, ss. 1, 113 (2X sch. 5.

c. 78 1 Regulation of Railways Act, 1871. Ss. 9, 10, sch. 1 rep. (saving). 56, .L.R.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

35 & 36 Vict 36 Vict.:

c. 24 Charitable Trustees Incorporation Act, 1872. . 1 rep. in pt . 2 am rep. in pt . 11 rep. (E.) Sch. rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II. 58, s. 48 (1), sch. 6. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I. 46, s. 4 (2), sch. 58, s. 48 (1) (2), schs. 6, 7 Pt. I.

c. 93 Pawnbrokers Act, 1872... Ss. 6,10 am . 16 am. Ss. 17,18 am Ss. 19, 21-23 am. . 24 am. . 29 (2) rep. in pt. Sch. 3 am excl. in pt. rep. in pt. Sch. 4 Pt. I am. Pts. II-IV superseded. 24, s. 1. 24, s. 2. 24, ss. 2, 3. 24, s. 3. 24, s. 1. 24, ss. 5,6 (3) («), 7(2). 24, s. 6 (1). 24, s. 6 (2). 24, ss. 5,6 (3) (a), 7(2). 24, s. 1. 24, s. 4, sch.

c. 94 Licensing Act, 1872 ... . 12 excl. (E.) 16, ss. 6 (3), 11(2).

36 & 37 Vict.:

c. 19 Poor Allotments Management Act, 1873. . 16 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 38 Vagrant Act Amendment Act, 1873. Rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

c. 48 Regulations of Railways Act, 1873. Ss. 6 rep. in pt., 15,16 rep. 56, .L.R.

c. 50 Places of Worship Sites Act, 1873. . 4 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 76 Railway Regulation Act (Returns of Signal Arrangements, Workings, Ac.), 1873. . 4, schs. rep 56, .L.R.

c. 87 Endowed Schools Act, . 3 rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

1873. Ss. 10 rep., 13 rep. in pt., 16 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict.:

c. 15 Betting Act, 1874 Rep 60, ss. 1 (1), 29 (3), sch. 6.

c. 42 Building Societies Act, . 13 am. (E.) (.) 64, s. 3.

1874. . 13 proviso ext. (E.) (.) . 16 paras. 3 rep. in pt. (E.) (.), 5 rep. (E.) (.). . 16 para. 6 am. (E.) (.) and rep. in pt. (E.) (.). . 16 paras. 7, 8 rep. (E.) <.). . 17 am. (E.) (.) ext. (E.) (.) rep. in pt. (E.) (.) . 18 ext. (E.) (.) am. (E.) (.) rep. in pt. (E.) <£.) 64, s. 60 (1). 64, s. 76, sch. 6. 64, s. 72 (1), sch. 5. 64, s. 76, sch. 6. 64, s. 3. 64, ss. 28 (1), 6i (1). 64, ss. 28 (2), 76, sch. 6. 64, s. 61 (1). 64, s. 72 (1), sch. 5. 64, s. 76, sch. 6. 2 P*

XXX

Effect of Legislation

8&9EUZ.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

37 & 38 Vict:

c. 42—cont. Building Societies Act, 1874—-cont. I . 22 ext. (E.) (.) am. (E.) (.) ... rep. in pt. (E.) (.) . 25 rep. (E.) (.) . 26 rep. (E.) (.) . 29 am. (E.) (.) . 30 rep. (E.) (.) . 31 am. (E.) (.) . 32 ext. (E.) (.) . 32. Power to appl. (E.) (.). . 32 para. 3 expld. (E.) (.). . 32 para. 4 am. (E.) (.) . 33 am. (E.) (.) ext. (E.) (.) ... 64, ss. 28 (1), 61 (1). 64, ss. 31 (3), 72 (1), sch. 5. 64, ss. 28 (2), 76, sch. 6. 64, ss. 72(1X76, schs. 5,6. 64,s.76, sch. 6. 64..23UH2X 64, ss. 23 (3), 76, sch. 6. 64, s. 59 (1). 64, s. 61 (1). 64, s. 69 (2). 64, s. 65 (3). 64, ss. 31 (3X 72 (1), sch. 5. 64, s. 31 (2). 64, ss. 56 0M3). 61 (1).

! | restr. (E.) (.) ... . 33. Power to appl. (E.) (.) . 33 (6) expld. (E.) (.)... . 34 appl. (E.) (.) ... . 36 am. (.) (retrosp.)... . 40 rep. (E.) (.) . 42 am. . 44 rep. (E.) (.) Sch. am 64, ss. 4, 57 <6). sch. 1 para. 5. 64, s. 69 (2). 64, s. 65 (31. 64, s. 27 (7). 64, s. 26. 64, s. 76, sch. 6 64, s. 20 (1). 64, ss. 67 (3), "6. sch. 6. 64, s. 20 (2).

c. 48 Hosiery Manufacture . 1 mod. (E.) (.) . 5 mod. (E.) (.) 37, s. 1.

(Wages) Act, 1874. 37, s. 6 (3).

c. 87 Endowed Schools Act, 1874. Rep. so far as unrep. ... 58, ss. 39, 48 (2l schs. 5,7 Pt. 1.

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict.:

c. 29 Endowed Schools (Vested Interests) Act Continuance Act, 1875. Rep • 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

c. 34 Bishopric of St. Albans Act, 1875. . 13 rep. in pt.... . 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 55 Puolic Health Act, 1875 Power to incorp. (mod.) (London). 16, s. 82 \5).

c. 68 Department of Science and Art Act, 1875. Rep • 58, s. 48 sch. 7 Pt. II.

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 22 Trade Union Act Amendment Act, 1876. . 4 am. (.) (prosp.) ... 61, s. 113 (1). sch. 4.

c. 35 Customs Tariff Act, 1876 . 1 rep., sch. rep. so far as relating to playing cards. 44, ss. 8 (1), 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt III.

c. 54 Bishopric of Truro Act, 1876. . 8 rep. in pt. ... ... 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 56 Commons Act, 1876 ... . 8 rep. in pt. ... . 19 excl. ... 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. 11. 58, s. 15 (3), sch. 4 para. 1

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xxxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

39 & 40 Vict. —cont.

c. 59 Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876. . 5 ext . 10 rep. 65, s. 1 (3>. 65, s. 19 (2), sch. 4.

c. 61 Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876. Ss. 31,44, 45 rep. 12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2.

c. 75 Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876. Ss. 2-5 expkl. (prosp.) (NX), 7 expld. (prosp.) (. A NX). 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

40 A41 Vict.: 10, s. 3 (2). 45, s. 2 (2

c. 2 Treasury Bilb Act, 1877 . 6 excl

c. 48 Universities of Oxford and Cambridge Act, 1877. . 60 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 59 Colonial Stock Act, 1877 Appl. (mod.) (Cyprus)... Appl. (mod.) (Ghana) ... . 20 am. 52, s. 3 (2), sch. para. 9 (1). .I. No. 969, art. 2. 52, s. 3 (2), sch. para. 9 (2).

c. 63 Building Societies Act, 1877. . 2 ext. (E.) (.) rep. inpt. (E.)(.)... . 5 appl. (£.) (.) ... 64, s. 61 (1). 64, s. 76, sch. 6. 64, s. 57 (4).

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 14 Baths and Washhouses Act, 1878. Rep., exc. ss. 1, 12 iCity of London). xxxvi, s. 40 (2).

c. 20 Railway Returns (Continuous Brakes) Act, 1878. Rep. 56, .L.R. i

c. 51 Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878. Sch. (C), ss. XCVI rep. in pt., CVIII rep. 16, s. 264, sch. 17.

c. 52 Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878. Ss. 50, 51,54, 58, 59,107, 129,130expld. {prosp.). 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

c.68 Bishoprics Act, 1878 ... Ss. 2, 8 rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 76 42 & 43 Vict.: c. 19 Telegraph Act, 1878 ... . 12 rep. in pt 56, .L.R.

Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. Ss. 3, 7 am. (.) (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

43 & 44 Vict.:

c. 4 Judicial Factors (Scotland) Act, 1880. . 4 am. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 12 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881. . 38 (2) (a) am. 44, s. 64 (2).

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 30 Baths and Washhouses Act, 1882. Rep. (City of London) ... xxxvi, s. 40 (2).

c. 50 Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. . 92 (6) rep. in pt. 65. s. 19 (2), sch. 4.

c. 65 Prison Charities Act, 1882. Rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 80 Allotments Extension Act, 1882. Rep. exc. s. 6 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

46 & 47 Vict.:

c. 18 Municipal Corporations Act, 1883. Ss. 3 (1) (6), (2), 4 (2), 8-11 rep., 12 rep. in pt. 14 rep. in pt., 20 rep., 27 rep. in pt. 58, s. 39, sch. 5. 2 P* 2

XXX11

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

47 & 48 Vict 48 Vict.:

c. 31 Colonial Prisoners Re- . 10 (4) added (.) 61, s. 113 (1).

moval Act, 1884. (prosp.) sch. 4.

c. 46 Naval Enlistment Act, . 3 rep. (prosp.) 61, s. 113(1) (2),

1884. schs. 4, 5.

c. 70 Municipal Elections (Cor- . 28 (7) rep 65, s. 19 (2),

rupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. sch. 4.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 61 Secretary for Scotland Sch. Pt. I rep. in pt. 61, s. 113 (2),

Act, 1885. (prosp.) sch. 5.

c. 69 Criminal Law Amend- . 5 para. (2) rep. (.) 61, s. 113 (2X

ment Act, 1885. (prosp.) sch. 5.

. 10 ext. (.) (prosp.) 61, s. 96 (4).

c. 74 Evidence by Commission Appl. (Bechuanaland .I. No. 2416,

Act, 1885. Protectorate). art. 77, sch. 5.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 12 Truro Bishopric and . 3 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2),

Chapter Acts Amendment Act, 1887. sch. 7 Pt. 11.

c. 43 Stannaries Act, 1887 ... . 12 mod 37, s. 1.

c. 46 Truck Amendment Act, Excl. (E.) (.) (dock 39, s. 1 (1).

1887. workers). . 10 am. 37, s. 7 (2).

c. 49 Charitable Trusts Act, Rep. (saving) 58, s. 48 (2) (4),

1887. sch. 7 Pt. I.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 2 National Debt (Conver- . 28 (2) am 58, s. 48 (IX

sion) Act, 1888. sch. 6.

c. 25 Railway and Canal Ss. 32, 42 rep 56, .L.R.

Traffic Act, 1888.

c. 41 Local Government Act, . 3 para, (xv) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2X

1888. sch. 7 Pt. I. 58, s. 48 (2).

. 64 (5) rep. in pt.

sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 42 Mortmain and Charitable Rep 58, ss. 38 (IX

Uses Act, 1888. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt II.

c. 54 Sea Fisheries Regulation . 2 expld. (prosp.) 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

Act, 1888.

52 & 53 Vict.:

c. 21 Weights and Measures Sch. 1 am .I. No. 975.

Act, 1889.

c. 30 Board of Agriculture Act, . 5 (2) am. 6 (9 Eliz. 2X

1889. s. 4 (1), sch. 1.

c. 47 Palatine Court of . 9 rep 58, s. 48 (2X

Durham Act, 1889. sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 50 Local Government (Scot- . 11 (5) head (ii) rep. 61, s. 113 (2),

c. 63 land) Act, 1889. Interpretation Act, 1889 (prosp.) . 18 restr sch. 5. 55, s. 3 (1).

. 26 expld. (prosp.) 66, s. 13 (2).

. 33 saved 34, s. 19 (5).

. 36 excl. (E.) (.) ... 16, s. 270 (1).

. 37 saved (.) 61, s. 117(3).

. 38 saved ... 18, s. 28 (1). 57, s. 51 (4).

saved (E.) (.) ... 16, s. 268. 12, s. 15 (6).

j i l saved (E.) 48, s. 18 (4). 58, s. 48 (7).

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 5 Lunacy Act, 1890 Rep. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5.

c. 16 Working Classes Dwellings Act, 1890 Rep. (E.) 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 19 Trustees Appointment Act. 1890 Rep. (E.) 58, ss. 35 (6), 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 21 Inland Revenue Regu- Ss. 21, 22, 35 (2) rep. so 44, ss. 44, 79 (6),

lation Act, 1890. far as relating to income tax and the profits tax. sch. 8 Pt. II.

c. 27 Colonial Courts of Ad- . 4 excl. ... \ 55, s. 1 (2), sch. 1

miralty Act, 1890. . 7 restr. ... f para. 5

c 59 Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890. Ss. 17, 26 expld. .) (N.I.). 34, s. 9 sch. 1.

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 17 Charitable Trusts (Recovery) Act, 1891. Rep. (saving) 58, s. 48 (2) (4), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 24 Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891. . 2 ext 45, s. 3.

c. 39 Stamp Act, 1891 Sch. 1 mod 44, s. 74.

c. 40 Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) Act, 1891. . 10 (!) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 73 Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1891. Rep. (saving) 58, ss. 38 (1) (3), 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 4 Betting and Loans (Infants) Act, 1892. . 1 am 60, s. 29 (2), sch. 5 paras. 1, 58, ss. 38 (1), 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 11 Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act Amendment Act, 1892. Rep

c. 15 Charity Inquiries (Expenses) Act, 1892. Rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 29 Technical and Industrial Institutions Act, 1892. . 10 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 53 Public Libraries Act, 1892 Ss. 5 (2) rep. in pt., 13 (3) rep. . 16 (2) am 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II. 58, s. 48 (1), sch. 6.

c. 55 Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. Ss. 109, 125, 127, 222, 223,233 expld. (prosp.). . 381 para. (50) restr— . 393 rep . 406 rep. in pt. . 407 rep 34, s. 9, sch. 1. 16, s. 264, sch. 17. 60, ss. 15, 29 (3), sch. 6. 60, s. 15, sch. 6. 60, ss. 1 (1), 29 (3), sch. 6.

56 & 57 Vict 57 Vict.:

c. 29 Railway Regulation Act, 1893. Rep 56, .L.R.

c. 39 Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. . 35 (b)-()rep. (E.) ... 46, s. 4 (2), sch.

c. 71 Sale of Goods Act, 1893 . 24 ext. 65, ss. 7 (4), 10, sch. 1 para. 2.

c. 73 Local Government Act, Ss. 14 rep., 19 (5) rep. so 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

1894. far as unrep., 52 (4) rep. 7 Pt. I.

xxxiv

Effect of Legislation

8&9EUZ.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

57 & 58 Vict, c. 30 ...

c. 35 ...

c. 46 ... c. 47 ...

c. 60 ...

58 & 59 Vict, c. 39 ...

c. 42 ...

Finance Act, 1894

Charitable Trusts (Places of Religious Worship) Amendment Act, 1894. Copyhold Act, 1894 ...

Building Societies Act, 1894.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895.

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895.

Pt. I ext....

. 3 (2) am. Rep. (saving)

Ss. 76 rep., 77 rep. in pt.

Ss. 2, 3 rep. (E.) (.) ... . 4 rep. (E.) (.)

. 5 am. (E.) (.)

expld. (E.) (.) ...

ext. (E.) (.)

. 5 (1) ext. (E.) (.) ...

. 5 (5) am. (E.) (.) ...

. 6 (2) (3) (5) am. (E.) (.)

. 7 expld. (E.) (.) ...

. 7 (3) am. (E.) (.) ...

. 12 (2) (3) am. (E.) (.)

. 13 (1) mod

. 13 (2) rep. (E.) (.) ... Ss. 16,17 rep. (E.) (.)... . 18 am. (E.) (.)

. 19 rep. (E.) (.)

. 21 rep. (E.) (.)

. 22 appl. (E.) (.) ...

am. (E.) (.)

. 23 am. (E.) (.)

. 25 rep. (E.) (.)

. 26. Power to am. (E.) (.).

Sch. 1 rep. (E.) (.) ...

Sch. 3. Power to am.

(E.) (.).

Excl. in pt

. 55 (1) am. (.)

. 427 (2) am. ... j

. 670 excl. (Minicoy Lighthouse).

Ss. 735-736 excl.

Rep.

Ss. 8, 17 expld. (prosp.)...

(I).

(1).

44, s. 79 (3).

44, s. 64 (4).

58, s. 48 (2) (4), sch. 7 Pt. I.

58, s. 48 (1) (2). schs. 6,7 Pt 1.

64, s. 76, sch. 6.

64, ss. 72 (1), 76, schs. 5,6.

64, s. 13 (1).

64, ss. 13 (4), 65 (4).

64, s. 61 (1).

64, s. 13 (3).

64, s. 13 (2).

64, s. 72 sch. 5.

64, s. 65 (4).

64, s. 72 sch. 5.

64, s. 72 sch. 5.

64, s. 17 (1).

64, s. 76, sch. 6.

64, s. 76, sch. 6.

64, s. 59(2).

64, ss. 31 (2), 76. sch. 6.

64, ss. 61 (2X 76, sch. 6.

64, s. 56 (6).

64, s. 58.

64, s. 72 (1). sch. 5.

64, s. 76, sch. 6.

64, s. 67 (2).

64, s. 76, sch. 6.

64, s. 67 (2).

.I. No. 2217.

61, s. 113 (1). sc. 4.

52, s. 3 (2), sch. para. 10(1).

55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 7.

42, s. 1 (2).

55, s. 1(2), sch. 1 para. 4.

48, s. 18 (1). sch.

34, s. 9, sch. 1.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

59 & 60 Vict c 25 ...

Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

. 34 am. (.)

61. s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

c. 35 ... c. 48 ...

c. 54 ...

c. 59 ...

60 & 61 Vict 61 Vict.: c. 38 ...

61 & 62 Vict.: c. 24 ...

Judicial Trustees Act, 1896.

Light Railways Act, 1896

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896.

Baths and Washhouses Act, 1896

. 47 (3) rep. (E.)

. 6 (2) rep. in pt.

. 11 para, (J) rep., sch. 2 rep. so far as relating to the Railway Regulation (Gauge) Act, 1846, the Regulation of Railways Act, 1871, the Railway Returns (Continuous Brakes) Act, 1878, and in pt so far as relating to the Regulation of Railways Act, 1868, and the Railway Regulation Act (Returns of Signal Arrangements, Workings, Ac.), 1873.

. 5 (2) expld. (prosp.)

58, s. 39, sch. 5. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. I.

56, .L.R.

34, s. 9, sch. 1.

Rep. (City of London)

xxxvi, s. 40 (2).

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

. 16 expld. (prosp.) ...

ext.

. 17 expld. (prosp.)

. 22 mod.

Ss. 32, 41, 42, 116, 120 expld. (prosp.).

34, s. 9, sch. 1. 68, s. 1 (1) (5) (fl). 34, s. 9, sch. 1. 68, s. 1 (5) (b 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

Greenwich Hospital Act, 1898.

. 1 rep. ...

58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. n.

c. 29 ... c. 36 ... c. 44 ...

c. 48 ...

62 & 63 Vict.: c. 14 ...

63 & 64 Vict.: c. 54 ...

c. 62 ...

Locomotives Act, 1898...

Criminal Evidence Act, 1898.

Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898.

Benefices Act, 1898

Ss. 7, 8 rep. (prosp.) ...

. 1 saved (E.)

. 4 am. (.)(prosp.) ... Sch. 3 rep so far as relating to the Minicoy Lighthouse.

. 1 (1) (c) rep

16, s. 266, sch. 20 para. 5.

33, s. 1 (2).

61, s. 96 (5).

42, s. 1 (2).

CA.M. No. 1, s. 22.

London Government Act,

1899.

Lunacy Board (Scotland) Salaries and Clerks Act,

1900.

Colonial Stock Act, 1900

. 23 (4H6) rep.

Rep. (saving) (prosp.) ... Appl. (mod.) (Ghana)...

58, s. 39, sch. 5.

61, ss. 1, 113 (2) (3), sch. 5.

.I.No.969,art.2.

2 Edw. 7:

c. 21 ...

c. 28 ... c. 41 ...

Shops Club Act, 1902 ...

Licensing Act, 1902 ...

Metropolis Water Act,

. 7 expld. (E.) (.) so far as defining " shop club " or " thrift fund".

. 5 rep

. 1 (2) rep. in pt.

39, s. 1 (2).

48, s. 18 (1), sch. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. n.

XXXVI

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 Edw. 7:

c. 20 Patriotic Fund Reorganisation Act, 1903. . 1 (l)rep.inpt.(E.)(.) 58, ss. 48 (2). 49 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 25 Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903. . 70 excl 16, ss. 6 (3), 11 (2).

c. 33 Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903. . 51 rep. 60, ss. 15, 29 (3>, sch. 6.

6 Edw. 7:

c. 25 Open Spaces Act, 1906... . 4 (1) am 58, s. 48 (U sch. 6.

c. 43 Street Betting Act, 1906 . 1 expld . 1 (1) am. . 1 (3) rep . 1 (4) rep . 3 rep 60, s. 29 (2), sch. 5 para. 5. 60, s. 6(1) (2). 60, s. 29 (3), sch. 6. 60, s. 29 (2) (3), schs. 5 para. 5, 60, s. 29 (2) (3). schs. 5 para. 5, 6.

c. 48 Merchant Shipping Act, 1906. Ss. 28, 34 (4), 37-39, 42 (4), 60-63 excl. .I. No. 2217. art 13.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 23 Criminal Appeal Act, 1907. . 1 (6) am . 10 am. . 14 am. . 18 am. . 19 am. rep. in pt 65, s. 19 (1). sch. 3. 65, s. 8 (1). 65, ss. 4 (1), 10, sch. 1 para. 1. 65, s. 9 (1). 65, s. 19 (1). sch. 3. 65, s. 19 (2), sch. 4.

c. 47 Deceased Wife’s Sister’s Marriage Act, 1907. Rep. (exc. N.I.) 29, s. 1 (4), sch.

c. 53 Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907. Ss. 35, 46, 49, 51 expld. (N.I.) (prosp.). 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

c. 55 London Cab and Stage Carriage Act, 1907. Excl 16, s. 150 (1).

8 Edw. 7:

c. 16 Finance Act, 1908 . 4 rep 44, s. 79 (6), sch. 8 pt. ra.

c. 36 Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908. . 33 (2) rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt I.

c. 39 Endowed Schools (Masters) Act, 1908. Rep 58, s. 39, sch. 5.

c. 43 Local Authorities (Admission of the Press to Meetings) Act, 1908. Rep. (1.6.1961) 67, s. 3 (2).

9 Edw. 7:

c. 15 Board of Agriculture and Fisheries Act, 1909. . 1 am 6 (9 Eliz. 2) s. 4 (1), sch. 1.

c. 47 Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909. . 4 ext . 8 (1) ext 18, s. 9 (7) (6). 63, s. 17.

10 Edw. 7 & 1 Geo. 5:

c. 8 Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910. . 59 (2) expld 44, s. 64 (5).

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xxxvii

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c. 8 Merchant Shipping (Sea- Excl .I. No. 2217,

men's Allotment) Act, 1911. art. 13.

c. 27 Protection of Animals . 1 (1) ext 43, s. 1.

Act, 1911.

c. 34 Railway Companies (Accounts and Returns) Act, 1911. . 5 rep 56, .L.R.

2 & 3 Geo. :

c. 10 Seal Fisheries (North . 5 (1) rep. in pt. 52, s. 3 (2), sch.

Pacific) Act, 1912. para. 12.

c. 14 Protection of Animals . 1 (1) ext 43, s. 1.

3 & 4 Geo. 5: (Scotland) Act, 1912.

c. 32 Ancient Monuments . 20 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913. 7 Pt. n. 61, s. 113 (2) (3),

c. 38 Mental Deficiency and Rep. (saving) (prosp.) ...

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913. sch. 5.

4 & 5 Geo. 5: 58, s. 48 (2), (4), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 56 Charitable Trusts Act, 1914. Rep. (saving)

c. 91 Welsh Church Act, 1914 . 13 (2) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7Pt.n.

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 74 Police Magistrates (Super- . 1 (2) rep. in pt. 3 (9 Eliz. 2),

annuation) Act, 1915. ss. 2, 6 (1), sch. 2 Pt. II.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 60 Sailors and Soldiers (Gifts . 1 (2) rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

for Land Settlement) Act, 1916. 7 Pt. II.

c. 68 New Ministries and Secre- . 10 (2) am 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

taries Act, 1916. s. 4 (1), sch. 1.

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

c. 23 Gaming Machines (Scot- Rep. 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

land) Act, 1917.

c. 51 Air Force (Constitution) . 9 (2) am 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1917. s. 4 (1), sch. 1.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

c. 39 Education Act, 1918 ... . 45 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. I.

9 & 10 Geo. 5:

c. 21 Ministry of Health Act, . 6 (1) (2) am 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

1919. s. 4 (1), sch. 1.

c. 50 Ministry of Transport Act, 1919. Ss. 8-10, 14 rep. . 25 (2) am 56, .L.R. 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 4 (1), sch. 1.

c. 65 Welsh Church (Tem- . 7 (1) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2),

c. 92 poralities) Act, 1919. Aliens Restriction .lcont. until 31.12.1961 sch. 7 Pt. I. 4 (9 Eliz. 2),

(Amendment) Act, 1919. s. 1 (1).

10 & 11 Geo. 5:

c. 16 Imperial War Museum . 1 (1) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2),

Act, 1920. sch. 7 Pt. H

c. 52 Ready Money Football Rep 60, s. 29 (2) (3),

Betting Act, 1920. schs. 5 para. 12, 6.

c. 54 Seeds Act, 1920 . 1 excl .I. No. 677.

xxxviii

Effect of Legislation

8&9EUZ.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 5 —cont.

c. 63

c. 67 ...

c. 77

11 & 12 Geo. 5:

c. 24

c. 55

12 Geo. 5:

c. 5

13 & 14 Geo. 5:

c. 16

c. 33

14 & 15 Geo. 5:

c. 34

CA.M. No. 4. C.A.M. No. 5.

CA.M. No. 6.

15 & 16 Geo. 5: c. 18

c. 19 ... c. 20 ...

c. 21 ...

c. 22 ...

Married Women (Maintenance) Act, 1920.

Government of Ireland Act, 1920

Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act, 1920.

Deceased Brother’s Widow’s Marriage Act, 1921.

Railways Act, 1921

Pawnbrokers Act, 1922...

Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923.

Universities of Oxford and Cambridge Act,

1923.

London Traffic Act, 1924.

Bishopric of Blackburn Measure, 1924.

Diocese of Southwell (Division) Measure,

1924.

Diocese of Winchester (Division) Measure, 1924.

Settled Land Act, 1925...

Trustee Act, 1925 Law of Property Act, 1925.

Land Registration Act, 1925.

Land Charges Act, 1925.

Rep.

Ext

. 6 mod.

mod. (p

Rep.

Rep. (exc. NX)

Ss. 1, 2, 4, 7 (4), 8, 15, sch. 2 rep.

Rep

. 8 expld. (prosp.)

. 52 rep. in pt.

. 59 expld. (prosp.)

. 9 rep

Rep

Ss. 2 rep. in pt, 10 (3) rep. in pt

Ss. 2 rep. in pt, 10 (3) rep. in pt.

Ss. 2 rep. in pt, 13 rep. in pt.

. 29 (2) rep. in pt.

. 29 (4) rep

29 (5) rep. in pt.

. 40 ext.

. 193 saved

. 3 para, (ix) ext.

. 98 am.

. 10 (1) Class B ext ...

. 10 (1) Class C (iv) ext.

48, s. 18 (1), sch. 37, s, 8.

44, ss. 6 OX 73 (9), 74 (8X 61, s. 115.

64, s. 75.

65, s. 18 (1).

34, s. 21 56, s. 2.

65, s. 18 (2).

66, s. 14(2).

19, s. 5.

29, s.l(4), sch. 56, .LJL 24, s. 6 (3) (b).

34, s. 9, sch. 1.

58, s. 48 (2X sch. 7PLIL 34, s. 9, sch. 1. 58, s. 48 OX sch. 7 Pt. B.

16, s. 267 (IX sch. 18.

58, s. 48 OX sch. 7 PL II.

58, s. 48 OX sch. 7.

58, s. 48 OX sch. 7.

58, s. 48 OX sch. 7 Pt I.

58, s. 48 OX sch. 7 Pt. H.

58, s. 48 OX sch. 7 Pt. I.

58, s. 35 (2).

16, s. 18 (4).

58, s. 27 (7).

58, s. 48 OX sch. 6.

.I. No. 408, ref. 23(3).

58, s. 27 (7).

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xxxix

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

IS & 16 Geo. 5

—cont c. 27 Charitable Trusts Act, Rep. (saving) 58, s. 48 (2) (4),

1925. sch. 7 PL I.

c. 45 Guardianship of Infants . 7 (1) proviso am. 48, s. 15.

Act, 1925. 3 (9 Eliz. 2),

c. 49 Supreme Court of Judi- Ss. 2 (1), 6 (1) am.

cature (Consolidation) ss. 1, 6 (1),

Act, 1925. . 27 ext sch. 2 Pt. I. 62, ss. 34 (2),

45 (1), sch. 3 para. 4 (2).

. 31 (1) (a) am. 65, s. 19 (1),

sch. 3.

. 49 appl. (pr 66, s. 8 (2), sch. 2

pt.n.

. 63 (1) restr . 63 (1) Power to restr. 58, s. 42 (3). 62, ss. 34 (4),

45 (1), sch. 3 para. 4 (4).

. 128 am. 3 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 3.

Sch. 3 Pt. Ill am. 3 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 3 (1).

c. 51 Summary Jurisdiction Rep 48, s. 18 (1), sch.

(Separation and Maintenance) Act, 1925.

c. 59 Teachers (Superannu- Pt. II appl .I. No. 1362.

ation) Act, 1925. Ss. 7 (1) proviso added. .I. No. 2230.

12, 15 mod., sch. 1 para. 10 proviso added. 16, s. 267 (1),

c. 71 Public Health Act, 1925. . 68 rep.

sch. 18.

c. 86 Criminal Justice Act, . 16 rep. 65, s. 19 (2),

1925. sch. 4.

c. 90 Rating and Valuation . 59 rep. in pt. 12, s. 15 (1),

Act, 1925. sch. 2.

C.A.M. No. 2. Bishopric of Leicester Ss. 2 rep. in pt., 12 (3) rep. 58, s. 48 (2),

Measure, 1925. in pt. sch. 7 Pt. II.

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 15 Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926. . 3 ext. (prosp.) 61, s. 63 (5).

. 3 (3) am. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 63 (4).

' c. 36 Parks Regulation . 2 am 16, s. 96.

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

c. 39 Horticultural Produce . 2 am 22, s. 20.

(Sales on Commission) Act, 1926.

c. 40 Indian and Colonial . 2 (2) am. ... f 52, s. 3 (2), sch. para. 14. 55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 14. .I. No. 1165,

c. 45 Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926. Fertilisers and Feeding 1 Schs. 1-5 subst.

Stuffs Act, 1926. reg. 4.

c. 59 Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926. . 20 ext 16, s. 1 (3).

17 & 18 Geo. 5:

c. 36 Landlord and Tenant . 24 (4) am. 58, s. 48 (1),

Act, 1927. sch 6.

c. 40 Indian Church Act, 1927. . 6 (1) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2),

sch. 7 Pt. H.

xi

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Fjjz. 2

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

18 & 19 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Finance Act, 1928 . 6 (1) (b)am. 44, s. 7 (2).

c. 26 Administration of Justice . 15 (1) rep. in pt. 58, 48 (1)

Act, 1928. schs. 6, 7 PL 1.

am 58, s. 48 (1).

sch. 6.

c. 27 Betting (Juvenile Mes- Rep 60, s. 29 (3),

sengers) (Scotland) Act, 1928. sch. 6.

c. 41 Racecourse Betting Act, . 1 (1) am 60, s. 1 (5).

1928.

Ss. 1(2), (3) (a) rep., 2 (2) 60, s. 29 (3).

rep. in pt. sch. 6.

. 3 para. (3) saved expld. ... 60, s. 11(4). 60, s. 29 (1).

sch. 4 para. 1.

. 3 paras. (4)-(7) rep. ... 60, s. 29 (3),

19 & 20 Geo. 5: sch. 6.

c. 25 Local Government (Scot- . 5 (3) am. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 113 (1).

land) Act, 1929. sch. 4.

Ss. 11 (4) rep. 61, s. 113 (21

77 (1) rep. in pt. (in pt., the definition of44 Cen- sch. 5.

20 & 21 Geo. 5: tral Department ").

c. 25 Third Parties (Rights Against Insurers) Act, ExcL 16, s. 208 (1).

1930.

c. 43 Road Traffic Act, 1930... Ss. 1-50, 57 (3M5), 59, 60 (a), 61-100, 108 (2) rep., 110 rep. in pt.. Ill, 112 rep., 113 (2) rep. in pt., 113 (3), 116 rep., 117 rep. in pt, 119(1) rep., 119 (3) rep. 16, s. 267 (IX sch. 18.

in pt., 119 (5) (6) rep..

119 (8) rep. in pt, 119 (10), 120 rep.

. 121 (1) rep. in pt. 16. s. 267 (I),

sch. 18.

. 121 (1A) added 16, s. 264, sch. P.

Ss. 121 (2), 122, schs. 1-5 16, s. 267 (1).

rep. sch. 18.

c. 44 Land Drainage Act, 1930 . 1 (2) rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2), sch.’

7 Pt. II.

c. 45 Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930. . 6 (1) am 65, s. 19 (IX sch. 3.

. 6 (2) rep 65, s. 19 (2). sch. 4. 65, ss. 8 (IX 18

. 10 (2) am

(4), sch. 2.

. 13 ext 65, ss. 4 (IX

18 (4), sch. 2 para. 4.

. 13 (3) rep 65, s. 19 (2X

sch. 4.

. 16 am. 65, ss. 9 (1), 18

. 17 (1) am (4j, sch. 2. 65, s. 19 (IX

sch. 3. 65, s. 19 (2X

. 17 (1) (b) rep. in pt. ...

sch. 4.

. 18 am. 65, s. 19 (IX

9ch. 3.

. 21 (3) expld 65, s. 18 (1).

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xli

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

20 & 21 Geo. 5

—cont.

C.A.M. No. 4

Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Pensions of Church Estates Commissioners) Measure. 1930.

Rep.

How affected

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

... C.A.M. No. 1, s. 20 (4).

21 & 22 Geo. 5: c. 31

c. 32

c. 33

C.A.M. No. 7

Marriage (Prohibited Degrees of Relationship) Act, 1931.

Road Traffic (Amendment) Act, 1931.

Architects (Registration) Act, 1931.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931

Rep

Rep

. 3 (1) rep. in pt. . 26 am.

... 29, s. 1 (4), sch.

... 16, s. 267 (1),

sch. 18.

... 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. II.

... 58, s. 48 (1),

sch. 6.

22 & 23 Geo. 5: c. 23

C.A.M. No. 1.

23 & 24 Geo. 5: c. 6 ...

Grey Seals Protection Act, 1932.

Benefices (Diocesan Boards of Patronage) Measure, 1932.

. 1 (1) excl. (.) (temp.) . 2 rep. in pt

.I. No. 2272.

58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7.

Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933.

. 4 appl. (Cyprus)

... 52, s. 3 (2), sch.

para. 5.

c. 12 ... c. 14 ...

... Children and Young Persons Act, 1933.

... London Passenger Trans-

port Act, 1933.

i

Ss. 4, 8 appl. (Nigeria) 55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2

para 5.

Sch. 1 am. (saving) ... 33, s. 1 (3).

Ss. 5 (2) rep in pt., 6-14 rep., 16(1) rep. inpt.

. 16 (2) am

. 16(3M6)rep

. 17 (1) rep., 17 (2) rep. in pt.

. 17 (3) am

Ss. 17(5)rep.,20(l)rep. in pt., 20 (2), 25 (2) (3), 32-35, 38-45 rep.

Ss. 51 (2) rep., 51 (4) rep. in pt., 51 (5) (6)

rep. 51 (7) rep. inpt., 52,53,57,58,59 (0(0) rep., 59 (1) (c) rep. in pt., 60, 61, 63, 64 rep.

Ss. 73 (5) rep., 73 (7) rep. in pt., 73 (8) (10), (12) rep., 74 rep. in pt., 81

(1) rep. in pt. 81 (2), 82-84, 85 (1) rep., 85

(2) proviso (a) rep. in pt., 87, 90, 91, 94-96, 99 rep.

. 107 (1) rep. in pt.

. 107 (1A) added

. 107 (2) (4) rep. in pt., schs. 3 Pts. I, II, 4, 6, 8 rep.

Schs. 11-13 rep.

Sch. 15 rep

56, SLR.

16, s. 264, sch. 17. 56, .L.R.

56, .L.R.

16, s. 264, sch. 17. 56, .L.R.

16, s. 267 (I) sch. 18.

56, .L.R.

16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

16, s. 264, sch. 17. 56, L R.

16, s. 267 0) sch. 18.

56, .L.R.

xlii

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Fjjz.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

23 & 24 Geo. 5 —cont.

c. 25

c. 38

c. 51 ...

Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933.

Summary Jurisdiction (Appeals) Act, 1933.

Local Government Act, 1933.

c. 53 ...

24 & 25 Geo. 5: c. 6

c. 47 ...

c. 49 ... c. 50 ...

Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933.

Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act, 1934.

Colonial Stock Act, 1934.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act, 1934.

Road Traffic Act, 1934...

c. 58 ...

Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934.

Pt. U (ss. 15-22) am. Ss. 7, 8 appl. ...

Power to incorp. (mod.) (London).

Ss. 2 (2) rep. in pt., 17 (3) rep., 31 (2) rep. in pt., 32 (2) rep. in pt., 47 (3) rep. in pt. 48 (2) rep. in

. 59 (1) (b) (e) appl. ...

. 169, 170 am

. 193 appl

. 249 (4) restr

. 250 (3H8) appl. ...

. 290 (5) appl

Sch. 3 Pt. IV para. 1 (4) rep. (1.6.1961).

Pt. I (ss. 1-36), sch. 1 rep.

Rep

Ext

Appl. (mod.) (Ghana)

I

i

. 17 (1) am. (meaning of " British ship ").

Ss. 1-22, 26-38, 41 (1)-(7), (9H12) rep., 42(1) rep. in pt., 42 (2), schs. 1, 2 rep., 3 rep. except so far as relating to ss. 57 (2) and 107 of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 (20 & 21 Geo. 5, c. 43).

Act expld. (meaning of "bookmaker", "bookmaking ", "pool betting " and " pool betting business ").

. 1 expld.

. 1 (2) am

. 2 (3) am

.I. No. 699.

60, ss. 2 (2). 24 (1), 29 (2X schs. 1 para. 22 (6), 3 para. 7, 5 para. 7.

16, s. 82(5;.

58, s. 48 (21 sch. 7 Pt. D.

.I. No. 119.

58, s. 48 (1), sch. 6.

58, s. 44 (4).

68, s. 4(1).

16, s. 220 (4).

62, ss. 33 (7), 45 (1), sch. 3 para. 3 (7).

67, s. 3 (2).

16, s. 267 (I) sch. 18.

19. s. 5.

52, s. 3 (2), sch. para. 9 (3).

55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 4.

.I. No. 969, art.

2.

55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 11.

16, s. 267 (1) sch. 18.

60, s. 29 (2X sch. 5 para. 6.

60, s. 29 (IX sch. 4 para. 2.

60, s. 29 (2X sch. 5 para. 4.

60, s. 29 (2), sch. 5 para. 4.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xliii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or

24 A 35 Geo. 5

Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

—cont. c. 58—cont.

Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934—cont.

. 3 saved expld.

rep. inpt. ...

. 3 (2) excl. ... expld. ...

. 4 (2) am.

. 7 (1) 0 b)am. ... . 9 (6) am.

. 11 (1) rep. in pt.

. 12 am.

. 13 (2) am. ...

. 14 am.

. 15 rep.

. 16 (1) ()am.

. 18 (1) expld. ...

rep. in pt.

saved ... . 18 (2) saved ... expld. ...

. 18 (3) (5) rep.

. 20 rep. in pt....

. 21 mod. excl.

. 22 excl.

. 22 (1) ext. ...

. 23 ext.

. 23 (1) am. ...

. 23 (3) am. ...

. 23 (2) (</), expld. . 24 (3) am. ...

. 26 rep. in pt....

. 26 (1) excl. ... Ss. 27, 29 rep. ...

. 30 (1) appl. ...

60, s. 1(2).

. 60, s. 29 (1),

sch. 4 para. 3.

. 60, s. 29 (2) (3),

schs. 5 para.

6, 6.

. 60, s. 4 (1).

. 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

5 para. 6 . 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

5 para. 4.

. 60, s. 7 (3).

. 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

5 para. 14.

. 60, s. 29 (3),

sch. 6.

. 60, s. 1 (5).

. 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

5 paras. 4, 15.

. 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

5 para. 4.

. 60, s. 29 (3),

sch. 6.

. 60,s.7 (3).

. 60, s. 29 (1), sch.

4 para. 4.

. 60, s. 29 (3),

sch. 6.

. 60, s. 11(4).

. 60, s. 11(4).

. 60, s. 29 (1), sch.

4 para. 5.

. 60, s. 29 (3),

sch. 6.

. 60, s. 29 (2) (3),

schs. 5 para. 9, 6.

. 60, s. 21 (1).

. 60, ss. 23 (2), 24

(2), 25 (1).

. 60, ss. 21 (1), 24

(2), 25 (1).

. 60, s 21 (1)

. 60, s. 23.

. 60, s. 29 (2j,

sch. 5 para. 4. . 60, s. 23 (1).

. 60, s. 23 (4).

. 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

5 para. 4.

. 60, s. 29 (2) (3),

schs. 5 para.

6,6.

. 60, s. 29 (1),

sch. 4 para. 6. . 60, ss. 29 (2) (3),

schs. 5 para. 3, 6.

. 60, s. 27 (2).

xliv

Effect of Legislation

8 &9Euz.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

24 A 25 Geo. 5 —cont.

c. 58—cont. Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934—cont. . 30 (2) am appl . 30 (3) rep . 31 para. (5) am. . 31 para. (8) rep. Sch. 1 expld. (meaning of " qualified accountant *’). Sch. 1 para. 12 rep. Sch. 1 para. 11 proviso am. 60,5.29(2), sch. 5 para. 1 60, s. 27 (3). 60, ss. 29(2)(3), schs. 5 pan 3 6. 60, s. 29 (2), sdL 5 para. 10. 60, s. 29 (3), sch. 6. 60, s. 29 (2), sch. 5 para. 8. 60, s. 29 (3k sch. 6. 60, s. 29 (2), sd 5 para. 16.

C.A.M. No. 3 Cathedrals (Amendment) Measure, 1934. . 1 para, (i) rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2k sch. 7 Pt 11.

25 & 26 Geo. 5:

c. 9 Herring Industry Act, 1935. . 1 (l)rep. inpt. (E.)(.) 58, ss. 48 (2k 49 (2), sch. 7 Pt II.

c. 11 Regimental Charitable Funds Act, 1935. . 2 (3) rep 58, s. 48 (2), sdL 7 Pt. I.

c. 23 Superannuation Act, 1935 . 2 excl .I. No. 1270, reg. 2 (1).

c. 32 Criminal Lunatics (Scotland) Act, 1935. Rep. {prosp.) 61, s. 113 (2k sch. 5.

c. 46 Money Payments (Justices . 9 rep ... 48, s. 18(1), sdL

Procedure) Act, 1935. Ss. 10,11 rep., 16 (4) rep. in pt. 12, s. 15 (1) sch. 2.

c. 47 Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935. Power to incorp. (mod.) (London). Ss. 16, 20 (2) rep., 23 (2) rep. in pt., 25 para. (2) rep. in pt., 25 para. (9) rep. 16, s. 82 (5). 16, s. 267 (1) sch. 18.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8:

c. 23 Road Traffic (Driving Licences) Act, 1936. Rep 16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

c. 43 Tithe Act, 1936 Sch. 8 para. 1 am. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 16.

c. 49 Public Health Act, 1936 Ss. 6 (3) rep. in pt., 8 (2) rep. in pt. Ss. 27, 39, 48, 79, 81, 82 expld. {prosp.). Pt. Ill ext . 92 expld. {prosp.) ext. . 99 mod . 108 (2) expld. {prosp.) . 109 excl Ss. 141, 259, 261 expld. {prosp.). . 269 excl. (caravans) ... . 269 (5) (ii) rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. U. 34, s. 9, sch. 1. 68, s. 1 (1). 34, s. 9, sch. 1. 68, s. 1 (1). 68, s. 1 (2). 34, s. 9, sch. 1. 68, s. 1 (2). 34, s. 9, sch. 1. 62, s. 30. 62, ss. 30 (1), 48 (1), sch. 4.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xlv

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

26 Geo. 5 & 1

Edw. 8—cont. c. 49—cont. Public Health Act, 1936 . 269 (7) ext 62, s. 30 (2).

—cont. Ss. 276, 289, 292 appl. .I. No. 695, teg.

(mod.). 24(3). 34, s. 10 (5).

. 294 appl. (mod.) \ .I. No. 695, reg.

I 24(3).

. 313 excl . 315 (3) rep. in pt. ... 68, s. 1 (2). 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. II.

. 317 excl 68, s. 1 (2).

c. 50 Public Health (London) Ss. 34, 40, 48, 49 expld. 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

Act, 1936. (prosp.). . 82 expld. (prosp.) ... . 82 (1) (e), (2A) (2B) added* Ss. 83-84, 93, 102, 128, 34, s. 9, sch. 1. xxix, s. 14.

34, s. 9, sch. 1.

137 expld. (prosp.).

. 273 rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. II.

C.A.M. No. 5 Ecclesiastical Commis- . 5 ext C.A.M. No. 1,

sioners (Powers) Measure, 1936. s. 13.

1 Edw. 8 & 1

Geo. 6: c. 5 Trunk Roads Act, 1936 Sch. 2 rep. so far as re- 16, s. 267 (1),

lating to ss. 47 and 48 of the Road Traffic Act, sch. 18.

1930, and to s. 30 of the Road and Rail

Traffic Act, 1933, sch.

3 Pt. I rep. so far as relating to s. 46 of the

Road Traffic Act, 1930, and to ss. 1 and 18 of

the Road Traffic Act, 1934.

c. 37 Children and Young Per- Ss. 66, 68 ext. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 56.

sons (Scotland) Act, . 96 am. (prosp.) 61, ss. 19(3), 113

1937. (1), sch. 4.

. 103 appl. (prosp.) Sch. 2 para. 4 am. (prosp.) 61, s. 72(5). 61, s. 113 (1),

sch. 4.

c. 38 Ministers of the Crown . 1 (2) proviso rep. ... 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1937. s. 4 (2), sch. 2.

. 2 am 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

. 2 (2) subst s. 1 (1). 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 4 (1), sch. 1.

. 6 expld. 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

Sch. 3 rep s. 2 (2). 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 4 (2), sch. 2.

c. 40 Public Health (Drainage Expld. (prosp.) 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

of Trade Premises) Act, 1937.

c. 44 Road Traffic Act, 1937... Rep 16, s. 267 (1),

sch. 18.

c. 52 Chairmen of Traffic Com- . 1 rep i 16, s. 267 (1),

missioners, &c. (Tenure of Office) Act, 1937. i sch. 18.

xlvi

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Euz.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of I960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 Edw. 8 A 1 Geo. 6—coni.

c. 54 Finance Act, 1937 Pt. HI (ss. 19-25) ext ... . 22 excl Sch. 5 Pt. HI para. 4 rep. in pt. and am. 44, s. 79 (3). 44,s. 70 (1) (6). 44, ss. 44, 61, 79 (6), schs. 7 para.l,8Pt.D

c. 57 Matrimonial Causes Act, 1937. . 11 rep. 48, s. 18 (1), sch.

c. 67 Factories Act, 1937 . 1 para, (c) excl. . 31 appl . 45 (3) expld . 152 (1), so far as relating to definition of "work of engineering construction ", ext 5.1. No. 1794. art 5. 5.1. No. 1932, reg. 68. 5.1. No. 1612. 5.1. No. 421.

c. 68 Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937. Power to appl. (mod.), exc. in metropolitan police district. 63, s. 2 (9).

c. 69 Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937. Excl 63, s. 2 (12).

1 A 2 Geo. 6:

c. 12 Population (Statistics) . 7 (4) rep 32, s. 1 (1).

Act, 1938. Sch. subst 32, s. 1 (2).

c. 17 Cinematograph Films Act, 1938. Rep 57, s. 51 (1).

c. 37 Street Playgrounds Act, 1938. Rep 16, s. 267 (1). sch. 18.

c. 44 Road Haulage Wages Act, 1938. . 7 (4) rep 16, s. 267 (1). sch. 18.

c. 48 Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1938. . 7 rep 16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

c. 50 Divorce (Scotland) Act, 1938. Ss. 3,6 (3) am. (prosp.)... 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

c. 55 Registration of Still-Births . 1 (2) (a) am 32, s. 3.

(Scotland) Act, 1938. . 1 (2A) added 32, s. 3.

c. 57 Imperial Telegraphs Act, . 1 (2H5) rep 56, .L.R.

c. 63 tyjO* Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1938. . 15 (4) (a) rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

c. 67 Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act, 1938. . 1 rep 3 (9 Eliz. 2) s. 6 (1), sch. 2 pt. n.

c. 73 Nursing Homes Registration (Scotland) Act, 1938. . 10 am. (prosp.) (definition of " nursing home "). 61, s. 15 (2).

C.A.M. No. 3 Parsonages Measure, 1938 . 1 (1A) added . 1 (2) am . 1 (2) (i) (ii) rep. in pt... . 1 (4) (5) am . 2 (1) (i) rep. in pt. ... . 2 (1) (ii) am CA.M. No. 1. s. 1. C.A.M. No. 1 s. 4 (1), sch. CAM. No. 1. s. 4 (1), sch. C.A.M. No. 1. s. 4 (1), sch. CA.M. No. 1. s. 2 (1). C.A.M. No. 1. s. 4 (1), sch.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xlvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Geo. 6 —corn.

C.A.M. No. 3. Parsonages Measure, . 2 (1) (iv) rep. in pt. ... C.A.M. No. 1.

—cont. 1938 (contd.) s. 14 (2).

. 2 (3) am . 2A added . 3 am Ss. 5, 6 am . 9 (1) am . 9 (1) (ii) rep. in pt. ... . 9 (3) (4) am C.A.M. No. 1, s. 4 (1), sch. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 3 (1). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 3 (2). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 4 (1), sch. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 4 (1), sch. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II. C.A.M. No. 1,

C.A.M. No. 4 Ecclesiastical Commis- . 11 (l)am . 15 expld . 20 am. . 3 (3) ext s. 4 (1), sch. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 4 (1), sch. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 4 (2). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 2 (2). C.A.M. No. 1,

sioners (Powers) Measure, 1938. s. 13.

2,& 3 Geo. 6:

c. 18 Local Government Power to appl. (mod.) 63, s. 2 (9).

c. 20 Superannuation Act, 1939 Re-organisation of exc. in metropolitan police district. . 2 rep. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (2),

c. 26 Offices (Scotland) Act, 1939. Charities (Fuel Allot- Rep. (saving) sch. 5. 58, s. 48 (2) (4),

c. 31 ments) Act, 1939. Civil Defence Act, 1939 . 8 (1) am sch. 7 Pt. I. 16, s. 264, sch. 17.

c, 38 Ministry of Supply Act, . 8 (1) am. (prosp.) . 91 (6) rep . 1 (2) am 63, s. 11 (13). 16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18. 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

c. 40 1939. London Government Ss. 2 (2) rep. in pt., 17 (2) s. 4(1), sch. 1. 58, s. 48 (2),

Act, 1939. rep. in pt. sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 55 Building Societies Act, . 92 (2) rep . 146 (4) restr . 2 (4) am xxix, s. 12 (3). 68, s. 4 (1). 64, s. 16.

1 1939. . 3 (3) rep . 4 rep . 6 rep . 7 mod. . 12 rep. . 13 (2) ext . 13 (2) am rep. in pt. (saving). 64, s. 76, sch. 6. 64, ss. 72 (1), 76, schs. 5, 6. 64, ss. 16, 76, sch. 6. 64, s. 19 (1). 64, ss. 72 (1), 76, schs. 5, 6. 64, s. 61 (1). 64, s. 72 (1), sch. 5. 64, ss. 67 (3), 76, sch. 6.

xlviii

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9EUZ.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Geo. 6 —cont.

c. 55—cont. Building Societies Act, 1939—cont. . 13 (3) rep. in pt. . 14 rep. in pt. . 15 (1) rep. in pt. . 15 (4) rep Sch. Power to am. 64, s. 76, sch. 6. 64, s. 76, sch. 6. 64, ss. 61 (2), 76, sch. 6. 64, s. 76, sch. 6. 64, s. 15.

c. 70 c. 117 Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1939. National Loans Act, 1939. Restr Appl { . 1 saved 55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 10. 26, s. 1 (4). 35, s. 2 (2). 35, s. 2 (4).

C.A.M. No. 1 Queen Anne’s Bounty (Powers) Measure, 1939. . 1 ext C.A.M. No. 1, s. 13.

3 &4 Geo. 6:

c. 8 Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Act, 1940. Rep. (prosp.) 61, ss. 1, 113(2), sch. 5.

c. 19 Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940. . 5 restr. . 5 ext expld. . 5. Power to appl. ... . 5 (1) am ext . 5 (2) am rep. in pt. 64, s. 4, sch. 1 para. 5. 64, s. 56 (1) (2) (4). 64, s. 65 (3). 64, s. 69 (2). 64, ss. 31 (3). 72 (1), sch. 5. 64, s. 61 (1). 64, s. 72 (1), sch. 5. 64, s. 76, sch. 6.

c. 25 Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1940. Ss. 2, 5, 6 (2) rep. 56, .L.R.

c. 29 Finance Act, 1940 . 43 (1) am . 44 (1) am . 48 (1) mod . 51 (2) (o) (b) mod. ... . 55 am. 44, s. 64 (2). 44, s. 64 (4). 44, s. 65 (1). 44. s. 65 (2). 44, s. 66.

c. 31 War Charities Act, 1940. . 5 (2) (ii) (iii) subst., (5) am. 58, s. 48 (IX sch. 6.

c. 38 Truck Act, 1940 Excl. (E.) (.) (dock workers). 39, s. 1 (1).

c. 48 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940. Pt. V ext 44, s. 79 (3).

5 & 6 Geo. 6:

C.A.M. No. 1 Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1942. Rep. ... C.A.M. No. 1. s. 12 (2).

6 & 7 Geo. 6:

c. 5 Minister of Town and Country Planning Act, 1943. . 8 (1) () rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt n.

c. 28 Finance Act, 1943 Sch. 8 rep. (saving) so far as relating to ss. 107 and 140 of the Income Tax Act, 1918. Sch. 8 am. 44, ss. 44, 79 (6) sch. 8 Pt. 11. 44, s. 61, sch. 7 para. 8.

c. 35 Foreign Service Act, 1943 . 2 (2) in pt. rep. and superseded. 11, s. 1(1).

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

xlix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

6 A 7 Geo. 6 —cont.

c. 44 Rent of Furnished Houses Cont. as amd. until 4 (9 Eliz. 2),

Control (Scotland) Act, 1943. 31.3.1961. s. 1 (2).

C.A.M. No. 1 New Parishes Measure, Ss. 3 para. (6) rep. in pt., 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

1943. 4 para. (2) rep. in pt. . 13 (1) (a) am. . 13 (1) ( bb)added ... . 13 (1) (2) rep. in pt.... . 14 (1) (b)am. . 14 (3) rep. in pt. Ss. 16 subst., 17 added... . 31 am. 7 Pt. II. C.A.M. No. 1 s. 5. C.A.M. No. 1 s. 5. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II. 58, s. 48 (1), sch. 6. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II. C.A.M. No. 1 ss. 6 (2), 7. 58, s. 48 (1), sch. 6.

7 A 8 Geo. 6:

c. 9 Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act, 1944. . 1 (1) rep . 1 (2) am Sch. rep. so far as amdg. s. 2 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (15 A 16 Geo. 5, c. 49). 3 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 6 (1), sch. 2 Pt. II. 3 (9 Eliz. 2), ss. 1, 6 (1), sch. 2 Pt. I. 3 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 6 (1), sch. 2 Pt. II.

c. 23 Finance Act, 1944 . 40 (2) am 44, s. 64 (4).

c. 31 Education Act, 1944 ... . 1 (3) am . 5 am . 87 rep. Sch. 1 Pt. I para. 2 rep. in pt. 6 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 4(1), sch. 1. 58, s. 2 (5). 58, ss. 38 (1), 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II. 58. s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. 11.

c. 46 Ministry of National Insurance Act, 1944. . 3 (1) (3) am 6 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 4 (1), sch. 1.

c. 47 Town and Country Planning Act, 1944. . 20 (1) expld 18, s. 22 (1).

C.A.M. No. 1 Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944. . 48 am. 58, s. 48 (1), sch. 6.

8 A 9 Geo. 6:

c. 19 Ministry of Fuel and Power Act, 1945. . 3 (1) (2) am 6 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 4 (I), sch. 1.

c. 33 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945. . 19 (1) expld 18, s. 22.

c. 36 ... Distribution of Industry Act, 1945. Rep. (saving) 18, s. 28 (1) (3) (4) (8), sch. 3.

c. 37 Education (Scotland) Act, Sch. 4 rep. (prosp.) so far 61, s. 113 (2),

1945. as amdg. the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913 (3 A 4 Geo. 5, c. 38). sch. 5.

1

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Geo. 6 —cont.

c. 41 Family Allowances Act, 1945. Appl. (mod.) (Denmark) Appl. (mod.) (Finland)... 5.1. No. 211, art 2. 5.1. No. 212, an. 2. 34, s. 9, sch. 1. 15, s. 1 (6).

c. 42 Water Act, 1945 Ss. 17, 18, 21 expld. (prosp.). . 44 rep. (prosp.)

C.A.M. No. 2 Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1945. Excl C.A.M. No. 1 s. 21 (1).

9 & 10 Geo. 6 :

c. 13 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945 . 5 rep 16, s. 267 (1). sch. 18.

c. 26 Emergency Laws (Transi- Sch. 2 rep. so far as re- 16, s. 267 (ll.

tional Provisions) Act, 1946. lating to the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, and the Road Traffic Act, 1934. sch. 18.

c. 28 Assurance Companies Act, 1946. Rep 16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

c. 30 Trunk Roads Act, 1946. . 3 (1) rep 16, s. 267 (h sch. 18.

c. 34 Furnished Houses (Rent Cont. as amd. until 4 (9 Eliz. 2).

Control) Act, 1946. 31.3.1961. s. 1 (2).

c. 36 Statutory Instruments Appl 60, s. 28 (2).

Act, 1946. Appl. (.) Appl. (E.) (.) . 6 saved (E.) 62, s. 32 (4). 64, s. 71 (1). 58, s. 19 (3).

c. 42 Water (Scotland) Act, 1946. Ss. 60, 61, 64 expld. (prosp.). . 66 rep. (prosp.) 34, s. 9, sch. 1. 15, s. 1 (6).

c. 46 Police Act, 1946 . 5 (1) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. n.

c. 49 Acquisition of Land Appl { . 1 appl. (temp.) 16, s. 81 (11).

(Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946. 62, s. 24 (6). 18, s. 13(1).

c. 55 Ministerial Salaries Act, 1946. . 2 am 6 (9 Eliz. 2). ss. 3, 4 (1), sch. 1.

c. 59 Coal Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946. . 2 (1) rep. in pt . 26 (1) proviso subst.... . 41 (4) rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. n. 17, s. 1 (1). 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 62 National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, Appl 5 (9 Eliz. 2X s. 4 (1).

1946. Appl. (mod.) (Denmark) Appl. (mod.) (Finland)... Appl. (mod.) (Republic of Ireland). Ss. 11 (3), 12 (6), 13 (1) am. . 14 (1) am 5.1. No. 211, ait. 2. 5.1. No. 212, art. 2. 5.1. No. 707, art. 2. 5 (9 Eliz. 2X s. 1 (2), sch. 1 pt. n. 5 (9 Eliz. 2X s. 1 (2), sch. 1 Pt II.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

li

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6

—cont. ». 62—cont. National Insurance (In- . 14 (3) am 5 (9 Biz. 2),

dustrial Injuries) Act, s. 1 (3), sch. 1.

1946—cont. Ss. 15 (2), 17 (1), 18 (1), Pt. III. 5 (9 Biz. 2),

19 (3) (4), 20 (2) am. s. 1 (2), sch. 1 Pt II.

. 21 (1) am 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 1 (2) (3), sch. 1 Pts. II, III.

Ss. 29 (1) (a), 30 (2) am. 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 1 (3), sch. 1 pt. in.

Ss. 86, 87 appl 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s.4(l).

Sch. 2 Pt. I am. 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 1 (1), sch. 1 Pt. I.

Sch. 3 am 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 1 (2), sch. 1 Pt. II.

Sch. 4 para. 1 am. 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 1 (3), sch. -1 Pt. III.

c. 67 National Insurance Act, Appl 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

1946. s. 4 (1).

Appl. (mod.) (Denmark) .I. No. 211, art. 2m

Appl. (mod.) (Finland) .I." No. 212, art. 2

Appl. (mod.) (Republic of .I. No. 707, art.

Ireland). 2.

Appl. (mod.) (Switzer- .I. No. 1064.

land).

. 2 (2) (a) (b) am. 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 2 (4), sch. 4 para. 1.

. 17 (1) (b) (i) am. ... 5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 2 (4), sch. 4 para. 2. .I. No. 278.

. 17 (3) am

. 17 (3) proviso am. ... 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 2 (4), sch. 4 para. 2.

. 20 (2) (ii) am . 20 (5) am 5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 3. .I. No. 278.

. 23 (3) (6) am. 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 2 (4), sch. 4 para. 3.

. 65 (2) am 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 4 (2) (a).

. 69 (4) am 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

. 71 (2) am s. 4 (2) (c). 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

s. 4 (2) (b). 5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 2 (5). 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

. 74 saved Ss. 75-77 appl

s.4(l).

tii

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Euz.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6 —cont.

c. 67 National Insurance Act, 1946—cont. Sch. 1 Pts. I-IV subst... Sch. 2 Pt I subst. Sch. 2 Pt. II am. 5 (9 Biz. 2X s. 2(1), sch. 1 5 (9 Eliz. 11 s. 2 (2), sch. 3. 5 (9 Eliz. s. 2 (3).

c. 68 New Towns Act, 1946 ... Ss. 2 (1) rep. in pt., 25 (4) rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch 7Ptn.

c. 72 Education (Scotland) Act, . 1 saved 61, s. 12 (1).

1946. Ss. 54 (1) am. and rep. in pt. (prosp.), 56 (1) (1A) (IB) (2) subst for s. 56 (1) (2), 56 (3) am. and rep. in pt (prosp). . 56 (6) rep. (prosp.) ... . 57 (1) subst (prosp.)... . 58 rep. (prosp.) . 84 rep. (1.6.1961) ... . 140 (2) (a) subst. (prosp.). . 140 (2) (bHe) rep. (prosp.). . 143 (1) rep. (prosp.) so far as defining " Mental Deficiency Acts ". 61, s. 11, sch. 1. 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5. 61, s. 11, sch. 1. 61, s. 113 (21-sch. 5. 67, s. 3 (2). 61, s. 11, sch. 1. 61, ss. 11, 113 (2), schs. 1,5. 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5.

c. 81 National Health Service Ss. 15 (1) rep. in pt, 59 58, s. 48 (2), sch

10 & 11 Geo. 6: Act, 1946. (2) rep., sch. 3 Pt. IV para. 1 rep. in pt., sch. 4 Pt. I para. 1 rep. in pt., sch. 5 para. 2 rep. m pt. Sch. 10 rep. in pt. (Road Traffic Acts, 1930 and 1934). 7 Pt. n. 16, s. 267 (1). sch. 18.

c. 2 Ministry of Defence Act, 1946. . 3 (1) am 6 (9 Eliz. 2i s. 4 (1), sch. 1

c. 8 Road Traffic (Driving Licences) Act, 1947. Rep 16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

c. 19 Polish Resettlement Act, 1947. . 11 (3) (b) am. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (1). sch. 4.

c. 27 National Health Service Pt. II excl. (prosp.) 61, s. 90(1).

(Scotland) Act, 1947. ext. (prosp.) Ss. 16 (1), 17 (1) rep. in pt. (prosp.). . 21 ext. (prosp.) . 27 (1) am. (prosp.) ... rep. in pt. (prosp.). . 28 (1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) Ss. 49 -50 rep. (prosp.)... . 51 rep. (prosp.) 61, s. 101 (2). 61, ss. 12 (3), 113 (2), sch. 5. 61, ss. 12 (2). 117(3). 61, ss. 7,117(3) 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5. 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5. 61, s. 113 0. sch. 5. 61, ss. 12 (5), 113 <2), sch. 5.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

liii

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6 —com.

c. 27—com.

c. 36 ... c. 42 ...

c. 43 ...

c. 44 ...

c. 46 ... c. 49 ...

c. 51 ...

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 —com.

Education (Exemptions) (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Crown Proceedings Act, 1947.

Wellington Museum Act, 1947.

Transport Act, 1947 ...

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

. 57 (1) am. ...

. 63 am. (prosp.)

. 80 (1) am. (definition of " illness ").

rep. in pt. {prosp.), (so far as defining "hospital" and rep. {prosp.) so far as defining " mental defective ").

Sch. 9 rep. {prosp.)

Sch. 11 rep. in pt. (Road Traffic Acts, 1930 and 1934).

Cont. until 31.12.1961 ...

Appl.

. 1 appl. ( .)

. 226 proviso expld.

r

1

61, s. 90 (5).

61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5.

61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5.

16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

4 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (1).

62, ss. 24 (6), 32(1).

63, s. 13 (8).

18, s. 13 (1).

62, s. 32 (5).

. 300 (5) restr

. 301 (4) (5), (7), (11)-(13) appl.

. 355 (2H9) appl. ...

Sch. 6 am.

Act, and in particular s. 2, ext.

Pt. II (ss. 13-23) appl. ...

Ss. 23 (3) () rep., 23 (3) (e) rep. in pt.

. 8 (2) rep

68, s. 4 (1).

16, s. 220 (4).

61, s. 108.

16, s. 264, sch. 17. 30, s. 4.

44, ss. 56 (3), 61, sch. 7 para. 9 (3).

58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. I.

56, .L.R.

Ss. 20-24, 26, 27. 29-32

Ss.^, 73 rep

. 94 (6) rep. in pt.

. 125 (2) rep

Sch. 1 para. 1 rep. in pt.

Sch. 10 paras. 5,6 (1) am. Sch. 11 Pt. II para. 5 rep. Pt. Ill (ss. 12-36) appl. (mod.).

restr.

. 12 (5) am

. 14 expld

56, .L.R.

16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

56, .L.R.

16, s. 267 (I), schs. 17, 18.

58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

16, s. 264, sch. 17.

56, .L.R.

62, ss. 17 (2), 45 (1), sch. 3 para. 3.

62, s. 22.

62, s. 21.

62. s. 41 (3).

2Q

liv

Effect of Legislation 8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

10 & 11 Geo. 6 —cont. c. 51—cont.

Short title or Subject

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947—cont.

How affected

. 14 (1) (2) appl. (mod.)

. 14 (4) mod

. 14 (4) proviso (a) rep.

. 14 (5) appl. (mod.) ... . 15 appl.

. 16 appl. (mod.)

. 17 (2) proviso rep.

. 18 appl.

. 18 appl. (mod.)

. 18 (1) expld: ...

appl. (mod.)

. 18 (4) appl. (mod.)

Ss. 21-22 appl. (mod.)

. 23 appl.

appl. (mod.)

restr. excl.

. 23 (1) am.

expld.

. 23 (2) expld. ... . 23 (3) rep. in pt.

. 23 (4) (5) rep.

. 24 excl. in pt.

. 24 (1) rep. in pt.

appl. (mod.)

. 24 (2) appl. ...

. 24 (3) rep. in pt.

am

. 24 (5) appl. (mod.) j

. 26 appl

. 26 (1) ext

. 26 (4) am

. 30 (8) rep. in pt.

. 33 am.

Ss. 33 (1) rep. in pt., 33 (2) rep.

. 75 am.

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

5.1. No. 695, reg. 33.

18, ss. 16-20.

18, s. 28 (IX sch. 3.

5.1. No. 695, reg. 33.

62, s. 33 (2).

5.1. No. 695, ieg. 33.

62, ss. 17 (5).

20(2).

5.1. No. 695, re*. 33.

62, s. 48, sch. 4. 62, s. 33(2).

62, s. 42 (2).

62, s. 41 (2).

5.1. No. 695, reg. 33.

5.1. No. 695, ieg. 33.

5.1. No. 695, reg. 33.

62, s. 17 (4).

5.1. No. 695, reg. 33.

62, s. 38 (I) (2). 62, s. 45 (1).

62, s. 35 (2).

62, s. 41 (2).

62, s. 41 (2).

62, ss. 33(9),48, sch. 4.

62, ss. 33 (9), 48, sch. 4.

62, s. 45 (1).

62, s. 48, sch. 4. 62, s. 40 (3H5X

5.1. No. 695, reg. 33.

62, s. 40 (3H5X

5.1. No. 695. reg. 33.

62, ss. 38 (3), 48, sch. 4.

62, s. 39 (1).

62, s. 45 (l).sch. 3 paras. 7,15.

5.1. No. 695, reg. 33.

62, s. 17 (4).

62, s. 42 (1).

62, s. 39 (2).

62, ss. 45 (1), 48, sch. 4.

62, s. 45(1).

62, ss. 45 (1), 48, sch. 4.

62, s. 44.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lv

Session and p. or No. ofl

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6 —com. c. 51—cont.

c. 53 ...

c. 54

CA.M. No. 2

11 A 12 Geo. 6: c. 9

c. 23 ... c. 26 ...

c. 29 ...

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947—cont.

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Electricity Act, 1947 ...

Church Commissioners Measure, 1947.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947

Cinematograph Films Act, 1948.

Local Government Act, 1948.

National Assistance Act, 1948.

. 75 (2) (b),(5) rep. ...

. 87 appl

. 103 (1A) added . 103 (4H7), (9) appl. (temp.).

. 119(1) am

Pt. II (ss. 3-33)

appl. (mod.)

restr

. 10 (5) am

. 12 (4) mod

. 12 (4) proviso (a) rep.

. 14 appl. (mod).

. 16 (1) excl

Ss. 21, 24 appl

Ss. 99 (4M7), (9) appl. (temp.)

. 113(1) am

. 3 (1) rep. in pt

Ss. 1 (1) rep. in pt., 8 (3)

. *n>(2) expld

. 6 (1) and 6 (6) rep. in

pt.

. 8 excl

. 8 (4) (6) appl.

Rep

. 63 (1) rep. in pt

. 102 (1) mod. (City of London poor rate).

. 102 (1) proviso added

. 132 restr

. 21 (8) mod. (.)(prosp.) . 29 (1) ext. (.) (prosp.) am. (.) (prosp.)

. 29 (6) mod. (.) (prosp.) Pt. IV (ss. 37-68) saved (.) (prosp.).

Ss. 37-40 appl. (.)

. 37 (9) am. (.)

. 37 (9) proviso rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 39 mod. (.) (prosp.)

. 40 mod. (.) (prosp.)

. 41 (1) am. (.) (prosp.)

62, s. 48, sch. 4. 62, s. 46 (2).

62, s. 43.

18, s. 13 (3).

18, s. 26 (1)

62, ss. 17 (2), 32 (1).

62, ss. 22 (1), 32 (1).

62, ss. 21, 32 (1). 18, ss. 16-20.

18, s. 28 (1), sch. 3.

62, ss. 17 (5),?20 (2), 32(1).

18, ss. 19 (4), 20. 62, ss. 17 (4), 32 (1).

18, s. 13(3).

18, s. 26 (1).

58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. II.

58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. II. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 18.

60, s. 29 (3), sch.

6.

44, s. 61, sch. 7 para. 10 (2). 44, s. 61, sch. 7 para. 10 (3). 57, s. 51 (1).

12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2.

.I. No. 1529.

xxxvi, s. 35.

60, s. 22.

61, s. 8 (1). 61, s. 8 (2). 61, s. 113

sch. 4.

61, s. 8 (2). 61, s. 8 (3).

0),

61, ss. 19, 20.

61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

61, s. 113 sch. 5.

61, s. 21 (2).

21 (1).

(2),

61, s 61, s. 113 sch. 4.

2 Q 2

0),

Ivi

Effect of Legislation

8 &9EUZ.2

Chapter of 196)

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure I Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6— i

cont. c. 29—cont. National Assistance Act, . 48 mod. (.) 61, s. 91 (2).

1948—cont. Sch. 3 para. 10 rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

(prosp.). 7Pt.IL

Sch. 6 paras. 7 (2) rep. 61, s. 113 (2X

(prosp.), 9 (3) (a) rep. (prosp.). sch. 5.

c. 32 River Boards Act, 1948 . 15 ext 54, s. 1 (5).

Sch. 2 para. 1 rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. II.

c. 38 Companies Act, 1948 ... . 14 rep. 58, ss. 38 (1) (5),

48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

Pt. V mod. (charities) ... . 256 ext . 362 (4) am . 408 rep. (E.) (.) ... 58, s. 30 (1). 64, s. 69 (2). .I. No. 596. 58, ss. 38 (1) (5),

48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

. 454 (2) (b) rep. in pt.. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

sch. 2 rep. 7 Pt. II.

c. 39 Industrial Assurance and . 19 (5) rep. in pt. (E.) 64, s. 76, sch. 6.

Friendly Societies Act, (.).

1948. Sch. 1 appl. (.) (prosp.) 61, s. 92(5).

c. 40 Education (Miscellaneous . 1 rep 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

Provisions) Act, 1948. 7 Pt. I.

c. 42 National Insurance (In- . 1 (3) superseded in pt. 5 (9 Eliz. H

dustrial Injuries) Act, s. 1 (3), sch. 1

1948. Pt. III.

c. 43 Children Act, 1948 ... . 1 expld. (.) {prosp.)... 61, s. 9 (3).

. 2 (3) proviso am. (.) 61, s. 113 (Ik

(prosp.). Pts. Hand III (ss. 11-26) sch. 4. 48, s. 3 (2).

appl. (mod.) (E.).

. 15 ext. (.) (p... 61, s. 9(1).

Pt. IV (ss. 27-34) excl. 61, s. 19(3).

(.) (prosp.). . 39 (1) ext. (E.) 48, s. 3 (7).

. 39(1) Or) added Ow/7.) 61, s. 113 (1)

sch. 4.

c. 44 Merchant Shipping Act, Ss. 1-4 appl. (Isle of Man .I. No. 1377.

1948. ships) Ss. 1 -4 appl. (Isle of Man) . 5 appl. (mod.) (Cayman Islands). 5.1. No. 1378. 5.1. No. 1371. 52, s. 3 (2), sch.

. 6 (2) proviso am. < para. 10(2). 55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2

I para. 8.

. 12 (1M3) appl. (mod.) (Cayman Islands). .I. No. 1371.

c. 46 Employment and Train- . 5 appl. (temp.) 18, s. 6 (2).

ing Act, 1948. 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

c. 49 Finance Act, 1948 . 14 (3) am

5 para. 13.

. 15, sch. 6 expld. (mean- 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

ing of " bookmakers " and " bookmaking "). 5 para. 6.

c. 56 British Nationality Act, Am. (meaning of " High 52, s. 3 (2). sch.

I 1948. | Commissioner " in relation to Cyprus). para. 1 (2).

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lvii

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6 t

—cont. c. 56—cont. British Nationality Act, Ext 52, s. 4 (7).

194&—cont. f 52, s. 3 (2), sch.

. 1(3) am. ... para. 1 (1). 55, s. 2 (1).

. 6 mod 52,s.4(3).

. 6(2)excl. ... | 52, s. 4 (4). 55, s. 2 (6).

c. 58 Criminal Justice Act, . 12 excl. (.) 23, s. 1 (3).

1948. . 37 mod 65, ss. 4 (2), 10,

sch. 1 para. 1.

. 37 (4) am . 38 (2) am 65, s. 9 (2). 65, s. 19 (1), sch. 3. 65, s. 19 (2), sch. 4. 16, s. 267 (1),

. 38 (6) rep . 41 (2) rep

sch. 18.

Sch. 9 rep. so far as 65, s. 19 (2), sch.

amdg. s. 19 of the Criminal Appeal Act, 4.

1907 (7 Edw. 7. c. 23).

c. 60 Development of Inven- Sch. para. 1 rep. in pt. 58, ss. 48 (2),

tions Act, 1948. (E.) (.) 49 (2), sch. 7 Pt. II.

c. 64 National Service Act, . 56 para, (c) subst. 61, s. 113 (1),

c. 65 1948. Representation of the {prosp.) Sch. 1 Pt. I am. sch. 4. .I. Nos. 449-

People Act, 1948. 465, 468, 469, 470.

c. 67 Gas Act, 1948 ... . 5 (1) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2). sch.

7 Pt n.

. 42 (3) am. {temp.) 27, s. 1 (1).

. 55 (3) saved 27, s. 2 (1).

. 71 (3) mod 27, s. 1 (2).

C.A.M. No. 1 ... Clergy Pensions Measure, . 36 (1) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

1948. . 61 (1) (y) mod. 7 Pt. II. C.A.M. No. 1,

s. 21 (2).

12, 13 & 14

Geo. 6:

c. 1 Colonial Stock Act, 1948 Appl. (mod.) (Ghana) ... .I. No. 969, art. 2

c. 8 Recall of Army and Air Sch. para. 2 subst 61, s. 113 (1),

Force Pensioners Act, 1948. {prosp.) sch. 4.

c. 17 American Aid and Euro- Rep 56, .L.R.

pean Payments (Financial Provisions) Act,

1949.

c. 19 Education (Scotland) Act, Sch. Pt. 11 rep. .) 61, s. 113 (2),

1949. so far as relating to die Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913 (3 St.4 Geo. 5, c. 38), and the National Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 (10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27). sch. 5.

lviii

Effect of Legislation

8 &9EUZ.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

How affected

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory

Tn^tnirr^nt

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6—cont. c. 20

c. 23 ...

c. 32 ... c. 39 ...

c. 44 ...

c. 47 ... c. 51 ...

Cinematograph Films Production (Special Loans) Act, 1949.

Tenancy of Shops (Scotland) Act, 1949.

Special Roads Act, 1949

Commonwealth Telegraphs Act, 1949.

Superannuation Act, 1949

Finance Act, 1949

Legal Aid and Advice Act, 1949.

c. 62 ...

Patents and Designs Act, 1949.

Sch. para. 1 rep. in pt (E.)(.)

Cont. until 31.12.1961 ...

Ss. 12 rep., 16 (1) rep. in pt

. 9 rep. in pt

Sch. 1 Pt. I para. 12 (1) subst.

Pts. 1,11 appl. (mod.) ... . 33 excl.

. 34 (4) am.

. 8 (2) rep. in pt

. 33 expld

Apptd. days for— ss. 2-6 and, so far as relating to legal aid under s. 5, for ss. 12, 14-16, 17 (1) (2), sch. 3 (28.3.1960). ss. 1-17, so far as relating to certain jurisdiction of House of Lords (1.12.1960). ss. 21-23 (14.3.1960)...

Expld

. 1 (6) saved

. 2 appl.

. 2 (1) am

. 2 (2) (e) mod.

. 3 ext

. 3 (1) am

expld

. 3 (4) mod.

. 5 (3) mod

. 5 (5) am

. 8 (10) rep

. 12 mod

. 17 (3) excl. (temp.) ...

Sch. 3 paras. 1,2 am. ...

. 49 rep

58, ss. 48 (2), 49 (2), sch. 7 Pt H.

4 (9 Eliz. 2X

s. 1 (1).

16, s. 267 (IX sch. 18.

56, .L.R.

SJ. No. 498.

5.1. No. 923.

5.1. No. 1270, reg. 2(2).

11, s. 2.

44, s. 79 (6), sch.

8 Pt. III.

44, s. 64 (5).

.I. No. 407.

.I. No. 2056.

5.1. No. 257.

28, s. 4.

5.1. No. 408, reg 5(6).

5.1. No. 408, reg. 13(6).

28, s. 1 (1).

5.1. No. 408, reg. 14.

5.1. No. 408, reg. 13 (4).

28, s. 1 (2).

28, s. 1 (4).

5.1. No. 408, reg. 17 (9).

5.1. No. 408, reg 5(6).

28, s. 1 (2).

58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7Pt II.

28, s. 1 (3).

5.1. No. 2057, reg. 6.

28, s. 2.

3 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 6 (l),sch.2PtII.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lix

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12, 13 & 14 1

Geo. 6—cont. c. 63 Legal Aid and Solicitors Apptd. days for—

(Scotland) Act, 1949. s. 3, and, so far as .I. No. 496.

relating to s. 5, for ss. 2-4, 6 (3M7), 14

(3M6), 15-17, sch. 3 (28.3.1960).

ss. l^t, 6 (3M7), .I. No. 2092.

14-16, and for cer-

tain purposes s. 17 and schs. 1-3, 8 Pt. I (1.12.1960).

PL I expld. (payments)... 28, s. 4.

. 2 (1) am 28, s. 1 (1).

. 3 (1) am 28, s. 1 (2).

expld 28, s. 1 (4).

. 3 (4) expld .I. No. 2195,

art. 3.

. 5 (5) am 28, s. 1 (2).

. 6 (4) expld 28, s. 3 (1).

. 12 mod . 17 (3) excl. {temp.) ... 28, s. 1 (3). .I. No. 2195,

art. 15. 61, s. 113 (1),

. 19 (3) am

sch. 4.

Sch. 3 paras. 1, 2 am. 28, s. 2. .I. No. 2447.

Sch. 3 am 61, s. 113 (1),

sch. 4.

c. 67 Civil Aviation Act, 1949 . 12 rep . 13 rep. (saving) . 41 (2) appl 38, s. 9. 38, ss. 9, 11 (4).

.I. No. 972, art

64.

c. 68 Representation of the . 4 am. (.) (prosp.) ... 61, s. 113 (1),

People Act, 1949. sch. 4. .I. No. 543, r.

. 106 appl

19.

Ss. 115 (6) rep. in pt.. 65, s. 19 (2),

149 (10) rep. sch. 4.

c, 76 Marriage Act, 1949 . 1 (2) (3), sch. 1 PL II 29, s. 1 (4), sch.

rep.

c. 89 Vehicles (Excise) Act, . 9. Power to am. ... 16, s. 66 (6).

1949. . 13 (1) am . 25 am . 27 (1) rep. in pt. 44, 8.14(2) (3). 16,8.211. 44, ss. 11 (1), 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. I.

expld. 44, s. 11 (1).

c. 91 Air Corporations Act, Ss. 4, 7 (3) rep 38, s. 9.

1949. . 12 (1) (2) am. 13, 8. 1 (1).

Ss. 24 (exc. subs. (2)), 25 38, s. 9.

rep.

Sch. 1 para. 15 rep. (E.) (.). 58, ss. 48 (2), 49 (2), sch. 7

Pt. II.

c. 93 National Health Service . 27 rep. (prop.) 61, s. 113 (2),

(Amendment) Act, 1949. sch. 5.

c. 94 Criminal Justice (Scot- Apptd. day for s. 19 (14.6.1960). . 3 (1) am. (prosp.), 3 (2) .I. No. 976.

land) Act, 1949. 61, s. 113 (1),

(a) subst. (prosp.) for s. 3 (2) (a) (6). sch. 4.

lx

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6—cont.

c. 94—cont. Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949— . 3 (3) rep. in pt. (proap.) . 3 (4) rep. in pt. . 3 (7) subst. (prosp.) for s. 3 (7) (8). . 4 (2) rep. in pt. (prosp.) . 9 excl . 13 (1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) . 18 (2) appl . 18 (3) appl 61, s.ll3(l), (2), schs. 4, 5. 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5. 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4. 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5. 23, s. 1 (3). 61, s. 113 (2X sch. 5. 23, s. 1 (1). 23, s. 1 (2).

I 1 i 1 Ss. 23-25 rep. (prosp.) . 27 (1) (2) am. (prosp.) . 27 (5) rep. (prosp.) . 31 saved Ss. 52,63-65 rep. (prosp.), 75 (2) rep. in pt. (prosp.). Sch. 3 para. 3 (1) rep. in pt. (prosp.), sch. 11 rep. (prosp.) so far as amending the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913 (3 & 4 Geo. 5, c. 38). 61, s. 113 m, sch. 5. 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4. 61, s. 113 (2X sch. 5. 16,s.240(3). 61, s. 113 (2). sch. 5. 61, s. 113 (2X sch. 5.

c. 99 Married Women (Maintenance) Act, 1949. Rep 48, s. 18 (1), sch.

c. 101 Justices of the Peace Act, 1949. . 27 expld . 33 (5) rep. in pt. ... 16, s. 247 (1). 3 (9 Eliz. 2X ss. 2, 6 (I), sch. 2 PL 11.

14 Geo. 6:

c. 4 High Court and County Court Judges Act, 1950. Rep 3 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 6 (1), sch. 2 PL fi.

c. 8 Distribution of Industry Act, 1950. Rep. (saving) 18, s. 28 (1) (3) (6), sch. 3.

c. 14 International Organisa- . 1 saved 35, s. 3 (1).

tions (Immunities and Privileges) Act, 1950. Sch. Pt. IV restr. .I. No. 444.

c. 15 Finance Act, 1950 . 45 am. 44, s. 64 (2).

c. 21 Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act, 1950. . 3 appl. 63, s. 2 (10).

c. 24 Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950. . 6 rep 16, s. 267 (IX sch. 18.

c. 25 Matrimonial Causes Act, 1950. . 1 (2) (b) subst. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (IX sch. 4.

c. 36 Diseases of Animals Act, 1950. . 84 (3) ext .I. No. 1721.

c. 37 Maintenance Orders Act, Ss. 1 rep., 5 rep. (saving) 48, s. 18 (1) sch.

1950. . 15 ext 48, s. 14 (1).

c. 39 Public Utilities Street Appl 63, s. 19 (4).

Works Act, 1950. . 27 (1) rep 16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected ! Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

14 A IS Geo. 6: c. 11 Administration of Justice Ss. 2-8 appl., sch. 1 am. 3 (9 Eliz. 2),

c. 30 (Pensions) Act, 1950. Sea Fish Industry Act, Sch. 2 rep. so far as amdg. Pt. Ill of sch. 3 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (15 16 Geo. 5, c. 49). Sch. 1 para. 1 rep. in pt (&)(£) s.4(2). 3 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 6 (1), sch. 2 Pt. II. 58, ss. 48 (2),

1951. 49 (2), sch. 7

c. 31 National Health Service . 1 mod. Pt. II. .I. No. 1436.

c. 34 Act, 1951. National Insurance Act, . 3 (4) rep. in pt., 4 (6), 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

1951. sch. para. 4 rep. s. 6 (4), sch. 6.

c. 39 Common Informers Act, Sch. rep. so far as refer- 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

1951. ring to the Leases by 7 Pt I.

c. 43 Finance Act, 1951 Corporations Act, 1541 (33 Hen. 8,c.27). . 32 (7) am 44, s. 68.

c. 46 Courts-Martial (Appeals) . 6 (4) expld. (.) 61, s. 64 (1) (2).

Act, 1951. . 7 (1) am . 7 (2) rep . 10 am. . 13 (2) am saved . 13 (3) appl. in pt. ... . 14 (1) (c) () rep., 14 (2) rep. in pt 65, s. 19 (1), sch. 3. 65, s. 19 (2), sch. 4. 65, s. 10, sch. 1 para. 3. 65, s. 19 (1), sch. 3. 65, s. 10, sch. 1 para. 3 (4). 65, s. 10, sch. 1 para. 3 (3). 65, s. 19 (2), sch. 4.

c. 53 • Midwives Act, 1951 ... Ss. 16, 17, 19 am. . 22 am. . 34 (1) subst Sch. 1 para. 5 rep. in pt. 65, s. 19 (1), sch. 3. 65, s. 10, sch. 1 para. 4. 3 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 4 (1). 58, s. 48 (2),

c. 55 Nurses (Scotland) Act, Ss. 2 (2), 5 (2), 11 (2), 34, sch. 7 Pt. II. 61, s. 113 (1),

1951. sch. 3 para. 1 (3) am. sch. 4.

c. 56 Guardianship and Main- (prosp.) Ss. 1 (3) rep. in pt., 2 rep.. 48, s. 18 (1), sch.

c. 64 tenance of Infants Act, 1951. Rivers (Prevention of 4 (2) rep. in pt. Ss. 2, 5 expld. {prosp.) ... 34, s. 9 sch. 1.

Pollution) Act, 1951. . 7 expld. {prosp.) 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

c. 66 Rivers (Prevention of . 7 (1H15) appl. (mod.) . 7 (16) (17) excl. Sch. 2 para. 2 (1) rep. in pt. Sch. 2 para. 9 mod. Ss. 22, 25, 28 expld. 54, s. 1 (1) (2). 54, s. 1 (6). 54, s. 1 (6). 54, s. 1 (6). 34,s.9 sch. 1.

Pollution) (Scotland) Act, 1951. {prosp.) i 2 Q*

lxii

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2: c. 9 Ministers of the Crown Rep 6 <9 Eliz.

c. 10 (Parliamentary Undersecretaries) Act, 1951. Income Tax Act, 1952 ... Ext s. 4 (2), sch. 2 44, s. 79 (3).

1 Expld. (retrosp.) Pts. I, II appl. {retrosp.) (public offices and depts. of Crown). Ss. 18 rep., 19, 20 (1) rep. in pt. . 20 (4) proviso appl. ... Ss. 22 (1), 24 (1) rep. in pt., 25 (3H6), 26 (2) 44, ss. 38 (8), 39 (4), (5). 44, s. 39. 44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. ff. 44, s. 46 (7). 44. ss. 44. 79 (6), sch. 8 PL 11.

. 27 (1) proviso appl. ... Ss. 29 (5) rep. in pt., 30 rep., 31 (1) rep. in pt., 39 (3), 46 (2) (6) (c)

44, s. 46 (7).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

rep.

. 47 excl

am.

. 47 (1) proviso am. ... Ss. 48, 49, 54 (3), 55 rep.

Ss. 50-66 (Pt. II, Ch. Ill) appl. (mod.).

. 59 (3) expld

am

| Ss. 81 (3), 90, 91 (c), 102 | (3) (4) rep., 116 (2) rep.

in pt.

. 123 (1) (Case VI) ext.

. 142 am.

. 143 expld

. 143 (2) appl. (mod.)... j . 144 (2) rep. in pt. ...

i . 156, sch. E ext.

expld. ... | Ss. 157 (5) rep., 170 (3); rep. in pt.

. 170 expld.

| . 170 (2) (3) appl. (mod.)

. 176(1) (g)expld. ... . 199 ext. (mod.)

. 203 (6) rep. in pt. ...

44, s. 33 (3).

44, s. 51.

44, s. 51 (5) (6).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt II.

44, s. 21 (4).

44, s. 59 (I).

44, s. 59 (4).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, ss. 21 (2) (10), 25 (1) (4), 26 (2), 32 (I), 57, 72 (10).

44, s. 20 (8).

44, s. 35 (5).

44, s. 35 (2).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, ss. 37, 38.

44, s. 46 (3).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, s. 39 (4).

44, s. 27 (1) (4) (5).

44, s. 72 (8).

44, s. 69 (2).

44, ss. 44. 79 (6), sch. 8 PL fl.

. 205 (1) am. (saving)... . 205 (2) rep. (saving)...

. 205 (3) (a) (6) subst.

(saving).

Pt. VIII (ss. 208-228) am.

Ss. 214-216, 218 am. ... . 218 (4) (5) ext.

44, s. 40 (1> (2). 44, ss. 40 (4), 79 (6), sch. 8 PL I. 44, s. 40 (1) (2).

44, ss. 17 (3), 19 (5).

44, s. 18 (1).

44, s. 17 (3).

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

Ixiii

Session and Chap, or No.

Short title or Subject

of Measure

15 A 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2—cont. c. 10—cont.

Income Tax Act, 1952—

cont.

I

How affected

Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

. 220 (5) (c) am.

. 227 saved

. 229 (3) proviso am. ... Ss. 230 rep., 231 (4) rep. in pt., 232 (2), 233 (4) rep., 234 (3), 235, 237 (6) rep., 242(4) rep. in pt. Pt. IX Chapter III appl.

(mod.).

. 247 appl. (mod.)

. 247 (3) (4) appl. ... . 250 (2) rep., 250 (4) (5) rep. in pt.

. 256 (2) (3) appl.

. 262 (5) expld.

. 264 (2) rep

Pt X appl. (mod.)

Pt. X Chapter II ext. ...

expld.

. 295 saved

. 341 restr

. 341 (4) rep

. 345 (2) (e) added ...

. 346 appl. (mod.) ...

. 349 (2) am

Ss. 355 (1) (2), 356(1)(«)

rep. in pt

. 358 mod

. 358 (5) rep. in pt. ...

. 377 (2) superseded ... . 390 (5) rep. in pt ...

Ss. 402, 410 (1) (2), 414 (1) (2), 416 (5), 422 (4) all rep. in pt.

. 425 expld

. 441 (4) rep. in pt. ...

. 461 (2) (3) am.

. 486 (1H3), (5) am. ...

. 495 excl

. 495 (4), 496 appl. ... Ss. 499, 500 (2) rep. ...

. 501 (1) mod

. 502, sch. 6 para. 4 rep.

Sch. 8 Pt. I para. 8 subst.

Sch. 8 Pt. Ill para. 6 rep.

Sch. 18 am

Sch. 20 para. 9 rep. in pt.

44, s. 19 (3).

44, s. 73 (3).

44, s. 51 (5) («. 44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, s. 33 (4) (c).

44, s. 28 (8).

44, s. 28 (8).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, s. 28 (2).

44, s. 72 (9).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, s. 43 (3).

44, s. 72 (1) (2)

(12).

44, s. 72 (8).

44, s. 72 (5).

44, s. 20(1).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, s. 27 (6).

44, s. 25 (6).

44, s. 42 (2).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt II.

44, s. 19 (3).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, s. 19, sch. 3.

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, ss. 44. 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, s. 69 (2).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

52, s. 3 (2), sch. para. 7.

55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 1.

44, s. 16(1).

44, s. 58 (3).

44, s. 58 (4).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, s. 54 (1).

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

58, s. 48 (1), sch. 6.

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

44, s. 42, sch. 5.

44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II.

2 Q* 2

Ixiv

Effect of Legislation

8 &9 Euz.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

15 & 16 Geo.6&

1 Eliz. 2—cont.

c. 14 Merchant Shipping Act,

1952.

c. 18 ...

c. 29 ...

c. 33 ...

... Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act, 1952.

... Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1952.

... Finance Act, 1952

How affected

Ss. 1-4 ext

. 1 (6) am.

Rep. exc. so far as relating to the Family Allowances Act, 1945(8 &9 Geo. 6, c. 41).

. 4 expld.

c. 44 ...

... Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

Ext

. 108 (1M3) rep.

. 108 (5) am

Ss. 152 (1), 153 (1) rep.

in pt.

. 187 rep. in pt

ext

. 187 (6) rep

. 198 ext

. 200 (2) ext

am

. 221 (1) am

. 221 (l)(/)(i) saved... . 221 (3) (a) rep.

. 221 (4) am

. 222 (1) (a) rep. in pt....

Ss. 223, 224 rep.

c. 48 ...

... Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952.

. 237 (2) (c) rep.

. 241 am

rep. in pt

. 242 am

rep. in pt

. 243 (1) am

. 243 (1) (b) ext.

rep. in pt

. 301 ext.

. 307 (1) ext. (definitions of " assigned matter " and " customs Acts ").

Ext

. 3 (3) mod

. 3 (4) rep. in pt.

. 4 saved

Chapter of I960 Act or numbs of Measure or Statutory Instrument

.I. Nos. 1377, 1378.

52, s. 3 (2X sdL para. 8.

55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 2.

5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 6 (4), sch.

60, s. 29 (IX sdL 4 para. 7.

44, s. 79 (3).

44, ss. 3 (3), 79 (6), sch. 8 PL III.

44, s. 3 (3).

44, ss. 6 (2). 79 (6), sch. 8 PL L 44, s. 6 (1).

44, s. 6 (2).

44, s. 79 (6), set 8 Pt I.

44, s. 9 (3) (4), sch. 2.

44, s. 9 (5).

44, s. 9 (6).

44, s. 7 (4).

44. s. 7 (5).

44, s. 79 (6), sch.

8 Pt. in.

44, s. 7 (1).

44, s. 79 (6), sch.

8 Pt. in.

44, ss. 8 (1), 79 (6), sch. 8 PL IU.

44, s. 6 (1).

44, s. 3 (2) (5), sch. 1.

44, s. 79 (6), sch.

8 Pt in.

44, s. 3 (2) (51 sch. 1.

44, s. 79 (6), sdL

8 pt. in.

44, s. 3 (2) (51 sch. 1.

44, s. 3 (4).

44, s. 79 (6), sch.

8 Pt III.

19, s. 4.

19, s. 11 (2).

65, s. 8 (5).

65, s. 8 (1) (2). 65, s. 19 (21 sch. 4.

65, s. 8 (4).

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lxv

— Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

15 A 16 Geo. 6 A;

1 Eliz. 2—coni. c. 48—coni. Costs in Criminal Cases Ss. 4 (1), 10 (2) am. ... 65, s. 19 (1),

Act, 1952— sch. 3.

Ss. 8 (1), 11 (1) appl. 60, s. 2 (2), sch. 1

(mod.). para. 24 (3).

c. 52 Prison Act, 1952 . 2 (4) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. II.

c. 55 Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952. . 15 appl . 27 (3) mod. 12, s. 9 (2). 44, s. 55 (2).

. 46 (2) saved 48, s. 4 (7).

. 47 (3) appl 48, s. 9 (5).

. 52 saved and mod. ... 48, s. 13 (2).

. 52 (2) proviso rep. ... 48, s. 18 (1), sch.

. 53 ext. 48, s. 8 (1).

. 54 13) appl 48, s. 13 (3).

. 55 (1) proviso ext ... 48, s. 8 (1).

mod 48, s. 10 (2).

• . 56 (1) excl 48, s. 8 (3)

. 60 (1) proviso excl. ... 48, s. 4 (8).

. 102 (2) rep. in pt. ... f 12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2 44, s. 55 (1)

. 104 excl. ... 57, s. 45 (3) 64, s. 64 (1)

. 122 (3) expld. . 126 (1) rep. in pt. ... 12, s. 15 (5) 48, s. 18 (1),

sch. 12, s. 15 (1), sch. 2. 12, s. 15 (1),

. 128 (1) (2) rep. in pt.... Sch. 5 rep. so far as amdg. the Money Payments

sch. 2.

(Justices Procedure) Act 1935.

Sch. 5 rep. so far as amdg. 16, s. 267 (1),

the Road Traffic Act 1930. sch. 18.

c. 61 Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952. . 37 (2) expld. (prosp.) Sch. 3 rep. so far as amdg. 61, s. 69 (7). 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5.

the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland)

Act, 1913 (3 A 4 Geo. 5, c. 38).

c . 66 Defamation Act, 1952 ... Sch. para. 13 am. 67, s. 2 (2)

(1.6.1961)

c. 67 Visiting Forces Act, 1952 Pt. I (ss. 1-12) ext. ... 44, s. 73 (4) 52, s. 3 (2), sch.

. 1 (l)(a)am. ... i para. 6. 55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2

I para. 6 (a).

. 3 expld 33, s. 1 (4).

1 A 2 Eliz. 2: . 10 (1) (a) restr. 55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 6 (b).

c. 13 Transport Act, 1953 ... Ss. 7 (1H4), 8 rep. ... 56, .L.R.

. 9 rep 16, s. 267 (1),

sch. 18.

. 11 (1) (2) am. 16, s. 264, sch. 17

Ss. 12, 13 rep 56, .L.R.

Ss. 18 (2) rep. in pt.. 16, s. 267 (1),

18 (4) (b) (c), 25 (4) rep. sch. 18.

1 . 35 (3) am 16, s. 264, sch. 17

lxvi

Effect of Legislation

8 &9EUZ.2

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Eliz. 2 1

—cortt. c. 13—cont. Transport Act, 1953—cont. Sch. 1 expld 16, s. 264, sell. 17

c. 15 Iron and Steel Act, 1953 . 5 (7) ext 26, s. 1

c. 20 Birth and Deaths Regi- . 11 (l)(a)subst. 32, s. 2 (1)

stration Act, 1953

. 11 (1 A) added 32, s. 2 (2)

. 11 (2) am 32, s. 2 (3)

. 19 am. 32, s. 4

c. 23 Accommodation Agencies Cont. until 31.12.1961 ... 4 (9 Eliz. 2X

Act, 1953. 8. 1 (1).

c. 25 Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953 Power to appl. (mod.) 63, s. 2 (9)

exc. in metropolitan police district

Excl 63, s. 2 (12)

1 . 15 (1) (a) am.(prosp.) 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4.

. 15 (1) (b) rep. in pt 61, s. 113 (2),

(prosp.). sch. 5.

c. 26 , Local Government . 4 (4) am 16, s. 264, sch. 17

1 (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 . 6 ext 16, s. 92 (4)

c. 29 i National Insurance Act, . 8 (3) am 5 (9 Eliz. 21.

1953 s. 2 (4), sch. 4 para. 4

Sch. 1 paras. 3, 7, 12, 5 (9 Eliz. 21

13 rep. . 12 (2) rep s. 6 (4), sch. 6

c. 33 Education (Miscellaneous 16, s. 267 (IK

Provisions) Act, 1953. sch. 18. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

. 15 rep.

7Pt II.

c. 34 Finance Act, 1953 . 15 (3) restr 44, s. 20 (1).

. 19 am. 44, ss. 34-36.

I . 20 expld 44, s. 20 (2).

c. 36 Post Office Act, 1953 ... . 30 rep. 56, .L.R.

. 56 excl. (.) 61, s. 34 (6).

. 67 rep. . 87 (1) rep. in pt. (definition of " public ser- 56, .L.R. 16, s. 267 (11.

sch. 18.

vice vehicles "). . 87 (1 A) added 16, s. 264, sch. 17.

c. 45 ' School Crossing Patrols Rep 16, s. 267 (11,

j Act, 1953. sch. 18.

c. 46 Licensing Act, 1953 Pt. II (ss. 53-67) cont. 4 (9 Eliz. 21.

until 31.3.1961. s. 1 (2).

. 141 (1) expld. 60, s. 26 (1).

. 141 (2) am 60, s. 29 (1), sch.

4 para. 8.

. 166 am 60, s. 19 (5).

c. 47 Emergency Laws (Miscel- Ss. 7,8 rep., 13 rep. in pt. 16, s. 267 (1),

laneous Provisions) sch. 18.

Act, 1953. Sch. 1 paras. 1, 2 rep. ... 16, s. 267 (1),

sch. 18.

Sch. 1 para. 3 rep. 48, s. 18 (1), sch

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lxvii

| Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject | How affected of Measure or

Statutory Instrument

2 A 3 Eliz. 2:

c. 12 Currency and Bank Notes . 2 (7). Period ext 2 .I. No. 327.

Act, 1954. years from 2.3.60.

c. 26 British Industries Fair Rep 56, .L.R.

(Guarantees and Grants) Act, 1954.

c. 32 Atomic Energy Authority . 5 (4) rep. (saving) 34, s. 17 (1).

Act, 1954. (prosp.). . 6 (3) saved 34, s. 12(3) (7).

c. 33 Pool Betting Act, 1954 ... Exd 60, s. 29 (1), sch.

4 para. 7.

Expld. (meaning of 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

"qualified auditor"). 5 para. 8.

. 2 (1) proviso added ... 60, s. 13.

. 3 (1) (e) am 60, s. 14.

Ss. 8 (3) rep. in pt., 10 60, s. 29 (3),

rep., 11 (1) proviso (6) rep. in pt, 11 (2) rep. sch. 6.

. 12 (1) (6) am. 60, s. 29 (2), sch.

5 para. 11.

c. 38 Supreme Court Officers . 1 saved 3 (9 Eliz. 2),

(Pensions) Act, 1954. s. 3 (3).

c. 44 Finance Act, 1954 . 28 (2) am 44, s. 66 (3).

Sch. 2 para. 3 (4) am. ... 44, s. 49.

c. 48 Summary Jurisdiction . 5 appl. (prosp.) 61, s. 55 (4).

(Scotland) Act, 1954. 44, s. 55 (1). 57, s. 45 (3).

. 23 excL ... 1

\ 64, s. 64 (1).

l:«£)app1:. ::: 23, s. 1 (4). 44, s. 55 (2).

c. 50 Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, . 14 appl (mod.) 34, s. 20 para. (*).

1954.

c. 52 Gas and Electricity (Bor* Rep 27, s. 3 (2).

rowing Powers) Act, 1954.

c. 53 Housing Repairs and . 33 (1) ()am. 58, ss. 48 (1), 49

Rents Act, 1954. (2), sch. 6.

c. 55 Television Act, 1954 ... Sch. 1 para. 1 rep. in pt. (E.) (.). 58. s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt n.

c. 56 Landlord and Tenant . 60 am. 18, s. 26 (2).

Act, 1954.

c. 64 Transport Charges, Ac. . 9 (1) rep. in pt 16, s. 267 (1),

(Miscellaneous Provi- sch. 18.

visions) Act, 1954. . 13 (1) am. 16, s. 264, sch. 17.

c. 70 Mines and Quarries Act, 1954. . 129. Apptd. day for Warwick (31.3.60); for .I. No. 349.

Durham and Northumberland (31.12.61).

c. 72 Town and Country Plan- . 59 (1) rep. in pt 18, ss. 26 (3), 28

ning Act, 1954. (1), sch. 3.

c. 73 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, . 59 (1) rep. in pt 18, ss. 26 (3), 28 (1), sch. 3.

1954.

3 A 4 Eliz. 2:

c. 1 National Insurance Act, Rep 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

1954. s. 6 (4), sch. 6.

c. 18 Army Act, 1955 Act cont. until 31.12.1961 .I. No. 2218.

Restr. (meaning of 55, s. 3 (2) (a).

M colony ").

lxviii

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap. or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of I960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 &4Eliz.2—corn. c. 18—coni.

Army Act, 1955—

c. 19 ...

Air Force Act, 1955 ..

c. 20 ...

c. 24 ...

c. 29 ...

4 & 5 Eliz. 2: c. 6 ...

Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1955.

Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act, 1955.

National Insurance Act, 1955.

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act, 1955.

Pt. II excl. in pt. (Canadian Forces)

. 16 rep. (prosp

. 116 expld. (.) {prosp.) . 138 (9) ext

. 173 rep. in pt

. 225 (1) am. (meaning') of " Commonwealth > force ").

. 226 (4) expld. (Nigeria)

Actcont until 31.12.1961

Restr. (meaning of " colony ").

Appl. (mod.) (Australian Air Force).

. 16 rep. (prosp.)

. 116 expld. (.)

. 138 (9) ext

. 173 rep. in pt.

. 223 (1) am. (meaning') of " Commonwealth V force "). J

. 224 (4) expld. (Nigeria)

Sch. 2 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

Pt. I in pt. (ss. 2-7) mod. . 1 (2). Power to extend period until 31.3.61.

. 2 mod.

. 10 (2) excl

. 11 ext (mod.)

. 2 rep

Sch. 1 rep. so far as relating to the London Traffic Act, 1924 (14 15 Geo. 5. c. 34), rep. in pt. so far as relating to the Road Traffic Act, 1930(20 A21 Geo. 5, c. 43), rep. so far as relating to the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933 (23 A 24 Geo. 5. c. 53), and the Road Traffic Act, 1934 (24 A 25 Geo. 5, c. 50).

5.1. No. 1956

61, s. 113(1) (3, schs. 4, 5.

61, s. 64 (1) (2)l

65, ss. 7 (1) (3. 10, sch. 1 para. 2.

16, s. 267 (1). sch. 18.

52, s. 3 (2), sch. para. 4.

55, s. 3 (2)

55, s. 3 (3).

5.1. No. 2208.

55, s. (3) 2 (a).

5.1. No. 1053.

61, s. 113 (DQX schs. 4, 5.

61, s. 64 (1) (2).

65, ss. 7 (1)

10, sch. 1 para. 2.

16, s. 267 (\\ sch. 18.

52, s. 3 (2), sch. nara. 4.

55,T3 (2) (b).

55, s. 3 (3).

61, s. 113 sch. 5.

m

20, s. 3 (1), sch. 20, s. 1 (1M3).

20, s. 2(1).

20, s. 2 (4).

20, s. 2 (3).

5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 6 (4), sch. 6.

16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lxix

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

4 & 5 Eliz. 2—

cont.

c. 9 Rating and Valuation . 13 (1M3) r (saving). 12, s. 15 (1) (2),

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1955. 13 (4) rep. in pt (saving). . 120 appl. (mod.) ... sch. 2.

c. 16 Food and Drugs Act, .I. Nos. 1601,

1955. reg. 32, 1602. reg.24.

c. 17 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1955 . 4 am. Sch. 3 appl. (mod.) . 13 mod 44, s. 31. 44, s. 28 (11).

c. 26 Police (Scotland) Act, 63, s. 2 (12).

1956. . 29 (5) ext .I. No. 370.

c. 45 Small Lotteries and . 1 (3) am 60. s. 29 (2), sch.

Gaming Act, 1956. 5 para. 4.

. 4 (1) appl . 4 (2) (3) rep 60, s. 20. 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

. 4 (4) appl 60, s. 20.

. 4 (5) rep. in. pt. 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

appl. 60, s. 20.

. 4 (6) rep 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

. 5 (l) rep. in pt 60, s. 15, sch. 6.

c. 46 ... Administration of Justice . 52 (1) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

Act, 1956. 7 Pt. I.

am 58, s. 48 (1), sch. 6. 58, ss. 48 (2), 49 (2), sch. 7

c. 48 Sugar Act, 1956 Sch. 2 para. 1 rep. in pt.

(E.)(.).

Pt 11.

c. 50 Family Allowances and Sch. para. 8 rep. 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

National Insurance Act, 1956. s. 6 (4), sch. 6.

c. 52 Clean Air Act, 1956 ... Ss. 10, 16 expld. (prosp.) . 10 (3) appl. (mod.) ... 34, s. 9, sch. 1.

c. 54 Finance Act, 1956 44, s. 38 (7). 44, s. 41. 44, ss. 78 (4), 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt L 44, s. 78 (1).

. 23 (3) am. and expld. . 42 (3) rep

superseded ... Sch. 1 Pts. I, n

am 44, s. 5 (1).

1 | , Sch. I Pt. m am. 44, s. 5 (2).

c. 56 Transport (Disposal of Road Haulage Pro- Ss. 8 (1H3) rep., 8 (4) rep. in. pt. 56, .L.R.

c. 61 perty) Act, 1956. Coal Industry Act, 1956 . 1 rep. (saving) 17, s.l(l) (2).

c. 67 Road Traffic Act, 1956 Apptd. day for ss. 4 .I. No. 1242.

(3H5), 4 (6) in pt, sch. 8 para. 34 (6) (3.8.1960).

Ss. 1-44 (exc. s. 4 (5» rep.. 16, s. 267 (1),

46-51 rep., 52 (1) rep. in pt., 52 (2) (3) rep., 52 (4) rep. in pit, 53, 54 (1) (2) rep., 55 (1) sch. 18.

rep. in pt, 55 (3) (4)

c. 68 Restrictive Trade Prac- rep., schs. 1-9 rep. . 32 (1) rep 3 (9 Eliz. 2) s. 6

tices Act, 1956. (1), sch. 2 Pt n. 33,s.2 (3).

c. 69 Sexual Offences Act, 1956 Sch. 2 Pt. I paras. 2 (6), 14 (b), 17 0) am.

ixx

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Elsz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

4 A 5 Eliz. 2— com.

c. 74 Copyright Act, 1956 ... . 13 (3) (8) am., 13 (11) subst . 31 (1) (c) expld. | Sch. 7 para. 39 (2) exd. j 57, s. 51 (2), sch. 52, s. 3 (2), sch. para. 13 (1). 55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 12. 52, s. 3 (2), sch. para. 13 (2). 55, s. 3 (4), sch. 2 para. 13.

c. 76 Medical Act, 1956 . 1 (2) rep. in pt. (E.) (.) 58, ss. 48 (2). 49 (2), sch. 7 Pt n.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2: i

c. 3 Air Corporations Act, . 1 (1) rep 13, s. 2 (2).

1956. . 1 (2) am 13, s. 1 (2).

c. 6 Ghana Independence Act, 1957. Sch. 2 para. 4 rep. in pt. SX No. 969.

c. 15 Nurses Act, 1957 Sch. 1 para. 8 rep. in pt... 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7Ptn.

c. 18 Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act, 1957. . 3 appl. .I. No. 959.

c. 20 House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957. i i . i Sch. 1 Pt. II am. rep. in pt rep. in pt (prosp.) Sch. I Pt. Ill rep. in pt.-< Sch. 2 Pt. II am. Sch. 3 am. ... i rep. in pt. •< 18, s. 11. 22,s.9(5). 38, s. 1 (1), sch. para. 4. 61, s. 2 (6). 38, s. 9. 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5. 18, s. 28 (1), sch. 3. 58, ss. 48 (2), 49 (2) (a), sch. 7 Pt. I. 6 (9 Eliz. 2). s. 2 (3). 18. s. 11. 38. s. 1 (1), sch. para. 4. 18, s. 28 (I), sch. 3. 38, s. 9.

c. 21 Cinematograph Films Act, 1957. . 8 (1) am., 8 (2) subst.... i Pt. Ill (ss. 14, 15) and | s. 17 (3) rep. 57, s. 51 (2), sch. 3. 14, s. 16 (2), 9ch. 3.

c. 26 National Insurance Act, 1957. I . 5 (3) (b) am. 5 (9 Eliz. 2). s. 2 (4), sch. 4 para. 5. .I. No. 2211.

c. 27 Solicitors Act, 1957 . 4 (1) appl. (mod.) (Nyasaland Protectorate).

c. 28 Dentists Act, 1957 i Sch. 1 para. 1 rep. in pt. (E.) (.). i 58, ss. 48 (21. 49 (2), sch. 7 | Pt. II.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lxxi

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

ofMaarn Statutory Instrument

5 A 6 Eliz. 2—

cont.

c. 29 Magistrates’ Courts Act, Ss. 2 rep., 6 (4) rep. in pt. 16, s. 267 (1),

1957. sch. 18.

c. 34 National Health Service Ss. 2 (2) rep. in pt., 2 (3) 5 (9 Eliz. 2),

Contributions Act, 1957. (4) rep., 7 (2) rep. in pt., schs. 2 and 3 rep. s. 6 (4), sch. 6.

c. 38 Housing and Town Development (Scot- . 25 rep 18^ s. 28 (1), sch.

land) Act, 1957.

c. 42 Parish Councils Act, Ss. 4 rep., 5 (1) (4) rep. in 16, s. 267(1), sch.

1957. pt., 5 (5) rep. 18.

. 11 rep. 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. I.

c. 44 National Health Service . 1 (2) rep 16, s. 267 (1),

(Amendment) Act, 1957. sch. 18.

c. 47 Ministerial Salaries Act, Sch. 1 rep. so far as amdg. 6 (9 Eliz. 2),

1957. s. 1 (2) proviso of the Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937 (1 Edw. 8 A 1 Geo. 6, c. 38) and s. 2 of the Ministerial Salaries Act, 1946 (9 A 10 Geo. 6, c. 55). s. 4 (2), sch. 2.

c. 48 Electricity Act, 1957 ... Sch. 4 rep. so far as amdg. 27, s. 3 (2).

the Gas and Electricity (Borrowing Powers)

Act, 1954 (2 A 3 Eliz. 2, c. 52).

c. 49 ... Finance Act, 1957 . 14 ext 44, s. 17 (3).

. 14(1) (rf) added ... 44, s. 19 (4).

. 14 (2) (b)am. 44, s. 19 (3) (</).

. 21 rep. (saving) 44, ss. 40 (4), 79

. 34 (2) rep (6), sch. 8 Pt. I. 44, ss. 44, 79 (6),

sch. 8 Pt. II.

. 38 (11) expld. 44, s. 64 (5).

c. 51 Road Transport Lighting Am 16, s. 232 (1)

Act, 1957. Ss. 11 (2) rep. in pt., 12 (3) rep. . 13 (3) added Ss. 18 (4), 20 rep. 16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18. 16, s. 264, sch. 17. 16, s. 267 (1),

sch. 18.

c. 52 Geneva Conventions Act, . 4 am 65, s. 2 (2).

1957. . 4 (2) rep 65, s. 19 (2) (3),

sch. 4.

. 4 (3) rep. in pt. 65, s. 19 (2),

sch. 4.

c. 53 Naval Discipline Act, Restr. (meaning of 55, s. 3 (2) («).

1957. "colony"). . 63 expld. (.) 61, s. 64 (1) (2).

. 76 ext. 65, ss. 7 (1) (2),

10, sch. 1 para.

. 135 (1) am. (meaning f 52, s. 3 (2), sch.

of " Commonwealths para. 4.

country "). 1 55, s. 3 (2) (b).

c. 55 Affiliation Proceedings . 4 (2) (a)am 48, s. 15.

Act, 1957.

lxxii

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

5 & 6 Eliz. 2—

cont. c. 56 Housing Act, 1937 . 153 rep 58, s. 48 (ft

sch. 7 Pt 11.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2:

c. 1 National Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1957. Ss. 1, 2 (1), (3), (4), schs. 1-3, 4, Pt. I rep. Sch. 4 Pt. II superseded in pt. Sch. 4 Pt. Ill rep., sch. 5 rep. exc. so far as relating to s. 72 of the 5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 6 (4), sch. 6. 5 (9 Eliz. 2), 8.2(3). 5 (9 Eliz. 1\ s. 6 (4), sch. 6.

National Insurance

Act, 1946 (9 & 10 Geo. 6, c. 67).

r 52, s. 3 (2), sdi

c. 6 Import Duties Act, 1958 . 2 (4) am. ... 1 para. 3. 55. s. 3 (4), sch. 2

. 6 (4) am para. 3. 44,s.l0(l).

rep. in pt. 44, a. 79 (ft

sch. 8 Pt 1.

. 7 (3) am 44, s. 10 (2).

. 12 (2H4) excl. 19, s. 1 (5).

c. 9 Entertainments Duty Act, Rep 44, ss. 4 (1), 79

1958. (6), sch. 8 Pt L

c. 10 British Nationality Act, Am. (meaning of " High 52, s. 3 (2), *Jl

1958. Commissioner*’ in relation to Cyprus). para. 1 (2).

c. 14 Overseas Service Act, Mod. (naval forces of 55, s. 4 (1).

1958. Nigeria).

. 4 (2) mod. (persons 55, s. 4 (2).

having served in naval forces of Nigeria).

. 7 (2) (3) appl. 44, s. 38 (1).

c. 16 Commonwealth Institute Sch. 2 am 55, s.3(4), sch. 2.

Act, 1958.

c. 28 Solicitors (Scotland) Act, Apptd. day for s. 1, and .I. No. 2205.

1958. so far as repealing ss. 9, 10, 12, 13 of the Solicitors (Scotland) Act, 1933, for s. 18,

sch. 3 (23.11.1960).

c. 32 Opticians Act, 1958 Apptd. day for ss. 3 (3), .I. No. 2420.

6, 20-24 (1.6.1961). Apptd. day for ss. 9-16 .I. No. 1376.

(1.9.1960). Sch. para. 10 rep. in pt 58, s. 48 (2).

(E.)(.). sch. 7 Pt B.

c. 39 Maintenance Orders Act, . 4 (3) am 48, s. 15.

1958.

c. 40 Matrimonial Proceedings . 10 (5) rep. (prosp.) ... 61, ss. 10 (3). 113

(Children) Act, 1958. (2), sch. 5.

c. 41 Distribution of Industry Rep. (saving) 18, s. 28 (1) (31.

(Industrial Finance) Act, 1958. sch. 3.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject i How affected Chapter of 1960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

6 & 7 Eliz. 2— coni.

c. 45 Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1958. Excl. (E.) . 11 rep. (saving) . 14 (1) mod. (E.) ... 58, . 22 (10). 64, ss. 7 (5), 76. sch. 6. 58, s. 22 (10).

c. 47 Agricultural Marketing Act, 1958. Sch. 2 para. 1 rep. in pt (E.) (.). 58, ss. 48 (2), 49 (2). sch. 7 PL II.

c. 50 Local Government (Omnibus Shelters and Queue Barriers) (Scotland) Act, 1958. . 7 (1) rep. in pt. am 16, ss. 264, 267 (l),schs. 17,18. 16, s. 264, sch. 17.

c. 55 Local Government Act, 1958. . 15 (3) am. (application extd. to 1961-62 and 1962-63). Sch. 7 para. 13 (1) rep.... Sch. 8 paras. 32, 34 rep., 35 rep. in pt .I. No. 2293, reg. 4. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. H. 16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

c. 56 Finance Act, 1958 . 3 rep . 7 mod. . 8 (1) (aa) added . 24 rep . 25 (1) am . 27 saved . 28 (1) (b)am. . 28 (8) am. . 36 rep. Sch. 2 Pt. I group 12 para. (5A) added. Sen. 2 Pt. I group 33 am. Sch. 3 am Sch. 4 superseded 44, ss. 4 (1), 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt I. 44, s. 12 (1). 44, s. 13. 44, ss. 44, 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. II. 44, s. 67. 44, s. 61, sch. 7 para. 7 (2). 44, s. 64 (2). 44, s. 64 (4). 44, s. 79 (6), sch. 8 Pt. I. 5.1. No. 2351. 5.1. No. 2294. 44, s. 1. 44, s. 2.

c. 62 Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners and Others) Act, 1958. Appl. (mod.) (Isle of Man). .I. No. 1379.

c. 64 Local Government and Miscellaneous Financial Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1958. Sch. 1 expld. (prosp.) ... Sch. 4 paras. 18, 20 rep. 61, s. 12(6). 16, s. 267 (1), sch. 18.

c. 65 Children Act, 1958 . 2 (4) am. .) ... . 2 (5) rep. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4. 61, ss. 19(3), 113 (2), sch. 5.

c. 66 Tribunals and Inquiries Act, 1958. Sch. 1 Pt. I am .I. Nos. 810, 1335, 1668.

C.A.M. No. 1 Church Funds Investment Measure, 1958. . 5 (2) rep. in pt. 58, s. 48 (2), sch. 7 Pt. I.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2:

c. 5 Adoption Act, 1958 Ss. 16, 17 saved . 26 ext. . 37 (3) rep. in pt. (prosp.). 59, s. 1 (2). 59, s. 1 (3). 61, ss. 19 (3), 113 (2), sch. 5.

c. 6 National Debt Act, 1958 . 15 (3) rep. in pt. (E.) (.). 64, s. 76, sch. 6.

lxxiv

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1

7 & 8 Eliz. 2—

cont. r 52, s. 3 (2), sch.

c. 19 Emergency Laws (Repeal) Act, 1959. Sch. 3 para. 3 am. < para. 11. 55, s.3(4),*ch. 2

I para. 9.

c. 22 County Courts Act, 1959 . 205 (5) (a) rep. 58, s. 48 (2X

sch. 7 PL I.

c. 23 Overseas Resources De- Sch. 1 para. 1 rep. in pL 58, s. 48 (2X

velopment Act, 1959. sch. 7 Pt. D

c. 25 Highways Act, 1959 ... . 19 (1) am 16,8.264, sch. 17.

. 137 (3) excl 63, s. 18 (1).

. 137 (3) proviso ext. 63, s. 18 (1).

(temp.). . 138 (2) (3) appl. ... 63, s. 18 (2).

. 199 rep 64, 8. 76, sch. 6.

. 235 (1) ext. 63, 8.17.

. 237 expld 63, s. 19 (3).

. 295 (1) rep. so far as 16, s. 267 (IX

defining the " London Traffic Area ". sch. 18.

. 295 (4A) added 16,8.264, sch. 17.

Sch. 22 rep. so far as 16, s. 267 (IX

relating to the Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950 (14 Geo. 6, c. 24). sch. 18.

c. 35 Small Lotteries and Rep 60, s. 29 (3X

Gaming Act, 1956 (Amendment) Act, sch. 6.

1959.

c. 46 Nuclear Installations . 1 (5) rep. (saving) 34, s. 17 (1).

(Licensing and Insurance) Act, 1959. (prosp.). . 1 (6) (b) rep. (prosp.) 34, s. 17 (3).

c. 47 National Insurance Act, . I (1) (a) am 5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 2

1959. (4), sch. 4 pan. 6(a).

. 1 (1) («). Contribu-'

tion week fixed for week beginning on

3.4.1961. 1 . 1 (1) (b). Incomef .I. No. 1215.

tax week fixed for week beginning on 6.4.1961. J

. 1 (2) (b)(i) am. 5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 2

(4), sch. 4 pan. 6(b).

. 3 (3) am . 7 (1) am Sch. 1 rep 44,8.62. 5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 2 (4), sch. 4 pan. 7. 5 (9 Eliz. 2), s. 6

(4), sch. 6.

A.D. 1960 Effect of Legislation lxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

7 A 8 Eliz. 2—

coni.

c. 53 Town and Country

Planning Act, 1959.

I

How affected

Chapter of I960 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

Ss. 1 (3), 3 (6) rep., 7 (1) (2) rep. in pt., 7 (3) (4) rep., 7 (5) rep. in pt., 7 (6), 8 (4) rep., 9 (2) (7) rep n pt., 9 (9), 11 (2), 12 (4), 14 (7), 16 (5), 17 (5), 18 (9), 19 (7), 20 (5) rep., 22 (4) rep. in pt., 22 (5), 23 (5), 24 (4), 25, 26 (7), 27 (7), 28 (9), 29 (2) rep., 30 (6) rep. in pt., 31 (12), 32 (6), 35 (6) rep.

. 36 excl

. 36 (7) rep. ... . 37 excl.

Ss. 37 (9), 38 (4), 39 (7), 43 (8), 44 (6), 45 (3), 46 (4), 47,48 (2), 49 (4), 50, 51 (5), 52(7), 53 (3) rep., 54 rep. in pt., 55 (6) rep., 57 (1) (3) (a) rep. in pt., 57 (3) ( ) rep., 57 (4H6) rep. in pt., 57 (7) rep., 58 (2) (3) rep. in pt., 58 (7) rep., 59 (1) rep. in pt., schs. 1 paras. 5,10 rep., sch. 2 Pts. 1 para. 8, II rep., schs. 3 paras. 12, 13, 4 Pt. H rep., 5 para. 13 (2) rep. in pt., 13 (3) 17 rep., sch. 6 paras. 5, 12-17 rep., sch. 7 rep. so far as relating to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, and the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1954, sch. 10 rep.

56, .L.R.

62, ss. 17 (2), 33 (2), 45, sch. 3 para. 3 (2).

56, .L.R.

62, ss. 17 (2), 33 (2), 45, sch. 3 para. 3 (2).

56, .L.R.

c. 58 ...

... Finance Act, 1959

. 6 rep

. 7(1) am.

Ss. 29 (2), 36 rep.

Sch. 2 paras. 1,2 rep.

... 44, s. 79 (6), sch.

8 Pt. I.

... 44, s. 9 (2).

... 44, s. 79 (6), sch.

8 Pt. I.

... 56, .L.R.

c. 62

New Towns Act, 1959 ...

. 2 (1) rep. in pt.

... 58, s. 48 (2), sch.

7 Pt. II.

lxxvi

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2—

cont.

c. 67 Factories Act, 1959 ... Apptd. days for—

s. 1 (1.1.1961) .I. No. 1611.

ss. 9-17, 24, 34 (2) in .I. No. 1839.

pt., sch. 1, sch. 3, Pt. I in pt. (1.12.1960)

s. 18 (1.8.1960) .I. No. 1028.

s. 19 (1.7.1961) .I. No. 1611.

. 18 (1). Power to excl. .L No. 1029,

in pt. art. 3.

i . 18 (1) excl. in pt (temp.) .I. No. 1029,

art. 4.

. 18 (1) saved SJ. No. 1214.

c. 69 Wages Councils Act, 1959 Pt. II expld. so far as 37, s. 6 (4).

relating to payment of remuneration.

. 14 (1) expld. 37, s. 6 (4).

c. 70 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, Ss. 35, 36 excl 62, «. 17 (2), 32

1959.

c. 72 Mental Health Act, 1959 Apptd. days for—

ss. 1 in pt., 3, 4, 6-10, .I. No. 1159.

130, 141, 143-145, 148 in pt., 149 in pt.

150 in pt, sch. 1 (15.7.1960). remaining provisions not in force on .I. No. 1698.

16.10.60 (1.11.60).

Appl. in pt 65, s. 5 (4).

Pt. IV appl. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 75.

Ss. 9 (1), 10 (1) am. (prosp.) . 28 (2) am 61,8.113 (IX sch. .I.* No. 771.

regs. 2,3.

PtV. Power to apply ... 65, s. 5 (4).

Ss. 81, 82 subst. by s. 81 61, s. 74.

(prosp.). Ss. 82-84 rep. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 113 (2X

sch. 5.

. 85 (1) am. (prosp.) ... 61,s.ll3(l), sch. 4. 61, s. 113 (1), sch. 4. 61, s. 113 (1)(2X

. 85 (3) am. (prosp.) ...

rep. in pt. (prosp.)

schs. 4, 5.

. 86 (1) am. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 113 (IX

sch. 4.

Ss. 87 (1) (3), 88 (1) am. 61, s. 113 (1),

(prosp.). sch. 4.

. 91 rep. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (2X

sch. 5.

Ss. 93 (3) (a), 94 subst 61, s. 113 . (IX

(prosp.), 96 (3) am. (prosp.). sch. 4.

. 133 (3) rep. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 113 (2X

sch. 5.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lxxvii

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2—

cont. c. 72—co/i/. Mental Health Act, 1959 . 135 (2) (4) am. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (1)

—cont. sch. 4.

. 141 appl. ( ... . 150 rep. in pt. (prosp.) 61, s. 107 (2). 61, s. 113 (2),

sch. 5.

Sch. 6 paras. 8 (1), 12 (1) 61, s. 113 (1),

am. (prosp.). sch. 4.

rep. in pt. (prosp.) 61, s. 113(1) (2),

schs. 4, 5.

Sch. 7 Pt. I rep. so far as amdg. the Recall 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5.

of Army and Air Force Pensioners Act, 1948 (12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6,

c. 8).

Sch. 7 Pt. 11 am. (prosp.) 61, s. 113 (1)

sch. 4.

rep. in pt. (prosp.). 61, s. 113 (2), sch. 5.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2:

c. 6 Commonwealth Scholar- Am 40, s. 1 (3).

ships Act, 1959.

c. 14 Cinematographs Films Rep 57. s. 51 (1).

Act, 1960.

c. 16 Road Traffic Act, 1960... . 26 (2) am 63, s. 11 (10).

. 26 (2) (b)mod. 63, s. 11 (8).

. 26 (4) rep. in pt. 63, s. 12.

excl. . 26 (5) excl Ss. 27 (2), 29 appl. 63, s. 11 (8/. 63, s. 11 (8).

63, s. 11(12).

. 34 am. (temp.) 63, s. 8 (1).

expld 63, s. 8 (2).

ext. 63, s. 8 (4) (5).

. 34 (2) rep. in pt. 63, s. 8 (3).

. 43 ext 63, s. 16 (1).

. 43 (3) rep 63, s. 15 (8).

. 57 ext 63, s. 9 (3).

. 64 (3) excl 63, s. 21.

. 81 ext 63, s. 11 (2H7),

(13).

am. 63, ss. 13,14.

saved 63,s.ll (16) (17).

. 810M3) am. (* road " 63, s. 24, sch.

subst. for " street ")• . 81 (2) (a)excl. 63, s. 11 (8).

. 81 (4) (5) (7) (8) (10) 63, s. 11 (1).

.8T(12)rep 63, s. 13 (9).

. 81 (14H16) am. ... 63, s. 24, sch.

. 81 (16) (c) rep. 63, s. 24, sch.

. 81 (18) am 63, s. 24, sch.

. 82 rep. 63, s. 11 (13).

. 85 (1) mod. (temp.) ... 63, s. 3 (1).

. 85 (1). Power to mod. . 85 (5) am 63, s. 5 (7) (8). 63, ss. 4 (1), 24,

sch.

.' 85 (6) rep 63, s. 4(1).

. 85 (8) ext 63, s. 5.

. 85 (9) ext 63, s. 5.

. 85 (9) (a)ext. 63, s. 24, sch

. 86 (7) am 63, s. 24,

lxxviii

Effect of Legislation

8 & 9 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1960

Session and Act or number

Chap. or No. Short title’or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

8&9Eliz. 2-

cont. c. 16—cont. Road Traffic Act, 1960— . 87 (3) am., 87 (4) 63, s. 24, scfa.

cont. subst. . 87 (8) ext 63, s. 16 (1).

. 87 (8) (b) rep. in pt. 63, s. 15 (8).

(saving).

am 63, s. 24, sch.

. 87 (8) (c)Of) am., 87 (9) 63, s. 24, sch.

added. . 88 excl 63, s. 5 (4).

. 88 (1) excl 63, s. 6 (1).

ext 63, s. 6 (2).

. 88 (4)-(6). Power to 63, s. 11(6).

appl. (mod.). . 88 (5) am 63, s. 24, sch.

. 90 appl 63, s. 5 (9).

i:mapp':. ::: 63, s. 3 (4). 63,s.11(16) (17).

. 91 (41 (5) rep. 63, s. 11 (14) (4

. 91 (7) am 63, s. 11(14) (ft

. 97 (2) am 69, s. 1.

. 99 (1) (c)added 51, s. 1.

. 102 restr 69, s. 2.

Ss. 135 (8), 141 (4) (6), 63, s. 8 (6).

143 mod. Ss. 158 am., 232 (1) (a). 63, s. 24, sch.

245 (1), 247 (1) (2) ext. . 248 am. 63, s. 8 (1).

. 249 appl 63, s. 11 (15).

Sch. 10 mod 63, s. 5 (6).

Sch. 10 Pt. II appl. 63, s. 3 (4).

Sch. 10 para. 2 (1) (a) 63, s. 24, sch.

(A), (2) am. Sch. 10 para. 3 excl. 63, s. 3 (1).

(temp.). 63, s. 24, sch.

am.

Sch. 10 para. 4 ext 63, s. 3 (3).

Sch. 10 paras. 6,7 am.... 63, s. 24, sch.

Sch. 10 para. 8 ext. 63, s. 3 (3).

Sch. 10 para. 9 am. 63, s. 24, sch.

c. 18 Local Employment Act, Apptd. day for com- .I. No. 561

1960. mencement of Act (1.4.1960). Sch. 1 paras. 1 rep. in pt., 10 rep. 58, ss. 48 (2), 49 (2), sch. 7

Pt. II.

c. 22 Horticulture Act, 1960... Apptd. day for Pt. n .L No. 804.

(ss. 9-19) (9.5.1960). 58, ss. 48 (2). 49 (2), sch. 7

Ss. 9 (1) rep. in pt, 15 (1) rep. in pt. (E.) (.).

Pt II.

c. 38 Civil Aviation (Licensing) Act, 1960. Apptd. day for ss. 1 (1), 5, 8, 10-12 (26.7.1960). 5.1. No. 1287. 5.1. No. 2093.

Apptd. days for ss. 1 (3)

(4), 2, 3 (1.12.1960); for s. 4 (1.1.1961); for s. 7 (1.1.1962). .I. No. 2137,

. 1 (2) (b) excl

reg. 3.

A.D. 1960

Effect of Legislation

lxxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

8 & 9 Eliz. 2—

cont. c. 48 ...

c. 52 ...

... Matrimonial Proceedings (Magistrates* Courts) Act, 1960.

... Cyprus Act, 1960

c. 60 ...

c. 61 ...

... Mental Health (Scotland) Act, 1960.

c. 63 Road Traffic and Roads

Improvement Act, 1960.

C.A.M. No. 1 Church Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Measure, 1960.

Chapter of 1960 Act or number

How affected

of Measure or Statutory Instrument

Apptd. day for commencement of Act (1.1.1961).

.L. Day specified (16. 8. 1960).

. l^Q^-C4) mod. (Isles

. 28 (1). Various days appointed for coming into operation of all the provisions of the Act except s. 6 and, so far as relating to the repeal of s. 1 (3) of the Street Betting Act, 1906 (6 Edw. 7, c. 43), of s. 29 (3), sch. 6 Pt. H.

Appl. in pt

Pt.V. Power to apply...

Apptd. day for s. 1 (1.1.1961), so far as relating to certain provisions.

Apptd. day for s. 15 (28.11.1960).

. 1 exd

. 23 rep

.I. No. 2223.

.I. No. 1368.

5.1. No. 1969.

5.1. No. 1556.

65, ss. 5 (4), 10, 20 (2), sch. 1 para. 1.

65, ss. 5 (4), 10, 20 (2), sch. 1 para. 1.

.I. No. 2296.

5.1. No. 2132.

5.1. No. 1599.

58, s. 48 (2),

sch. 7.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2:

c. 5 ...

National Insurance Act, 1960.

Apptd. days fixed (30.12.1960, 3.4.1961, 5.4.1961, 6.4.1961

severally) for various provisions of Act not already in force.

.I. No. 2421.

INDEX

TO THE

Public General Acts

AND

Church Assembly Measures, 1960

N.B.—The Chapter references are 8 A 9 Eliz. 2, except where otherwise stated.

A

[Index removed.]

