1930-31

The

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

Passed in

The Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the

Reign of His Majesty

King George the Fifth

Being the Second Session of the Thirty-fifth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of

Great Britain and Northern Ireland

And the

Church Assembly Measures

Which received the Royal Assent during that Session

with

Tables of the Titles

The Effect of Legislation

and an Index

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE, Limited,

FOR WILLIAM RICHARD CODLING, Esq., C.B., C.V.O., C.B.E.,

THE KING’S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT.

To be purchased directly from H.M. STATIONERY OFFICE at the following addresses;

Adastral House, Kingsway, London, W.C.2; 120, George Street, Edinburgh;

York Street, Manchester; 1, St. Andrew’s Crescent, Cardiff;

15, Donegall Square West, Belfast;

or through any Bookseller.

Price 5s. 6d. Net.

CONTENTS.

Table. Page.

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - c

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

---

II. Table of the Titles of the Measures passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during the Session - i

DURING THE SESSION ---- i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

III. The Effect of Legislation- - - xxxix

IV. Index to Acts and Measures - xlix

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL

ACTS

Passed in the Second Session of the Thirty-Fifth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of C4 reat

Britain and Northern Ireland.

(October 28, 1930 — October 7, 1931.)

21 & 22 GEORGE 5. — A.D. 1930-31.

Royal Assent, 19th December, 1930.

1. An Act to apply a sura out of the Consolidated Fund to the

service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

one thousand nine hundred and thirty-one. (Consolidated

Fund (Mo. 1) Art, 1930 (Session 2).)

2. An Act to authorise the making of an agreement between the Cunard Steam Ship Company Limited and the Board of Trade for the insurance of two passenger vessels and the making of agreements between the said Company and the Board of Trade supplementing or modifying that agreement and for purposes incidental to and connected with the

agreements so authorised to be made. (Cunard (Insurance)

Agreement.)

3. An Act to raise to seventy million pounds the limit on the

amount of the advances by the Treasury to the Unemployment Fund which may be outstanding during the

deficiency period. (Unemployment Insurance (No. 4).)

4.

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

Continuance.)

a 2

(Expiring Laws

d Table of the Statutes. 21 & 22 Geo. 5,

5. An Act to amend subsection (3) of section three ^>f the

National Health Insurance Act, 1924, and to make financial

provision in connection with such amendment. (National

Health Insurance (Prolongation of Insurance).)

Royal Assent, 3rd March, 1931.

6. An Act to prevent the constitution of new local education authorities by reason only of the creation of new boroughs or other urban districts, or the extension of the boundaries of existing boroughs or urban districts. (Education (Local Authorities).)

7. An Act to make further provision with respect to the

application of the China Indemnity Fund and of moneys

paid on account of the China Indemnity. (China Indemnity (Application).)

8. An Act to raise to ninety million pounds the limit on the

amount of the advances by the Treasury to the Unemployment Fund which may be outstanding during the deficiency

period, to amend subsection (2) of section fourteen of the

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927, by further extending

to forty-two months the period of twelve months therein

mentioned, and to make provision for certain other matters

in connection with the extension aforesaid. (Unemployment Insurance.)

9. An Act to amend and consolidate the Colonial Naval Defence

Acts, 1865 and 1909. (Colonial Naval Defence.)

Royal Assent, 27th March, 1931.

10. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first

day of March, one thousand nine hundred and thirty, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty-one and one thousand

nine hundred and thirty-two. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).)

11. An Act to amend the provisions of the Acquisition of Land

(Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, relating to the

terms on which official arbitrators in Scotland shall hold

office. (Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation)

(Scotland).)

12. An Act to provide for the granting of compassionate gratuities in respect of officers to whom the Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Acts, 1875 and 1885, apply; to permit commutation of certain of the pensions payable in respect of such officers; and to amend section ten of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1829. (Metropolitan Police (Staff Superannuation and Police Fund).)

A.D. 1930-31.

Public General Acts.

13. An Act to remove doubts as to the scope of the House of

Commons (Disqualification) Act, 1782, and of section four

of the House of Commons (Disqualifications) Act, 1801.

{House of Commons Disqualification (Declaration of Law).)

Royal Assent, 29th Apkil, 1931.

14. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months (and, as respects

certain places outside the United Kingdom, during Fifteen

Months) for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army and

Air Force. (Army and Air Force (Annual).)

15. An Act to provide for the reception and detention of certain

persons of unsound mind in the Royal Naval Hospital at

Great Yarmouth and for the treatment therein of certain

voluntary patients; to prohibit the taking of legal proceedings in respect of the reception and detention of any

person in the said hospital before the commencement of this Act; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid. {Yarmouth Naval Hospital.)

Royal Assent, 11th June, 1931.

16. An Act to amend the Law relating to ancient monuments.

{Ancient Monuments.)

17. An Act to confer upon local authorities powers for promoting the publicity throughout the w'orld of the amenities

and advantages of the British Isles. {Local Authorities

(Publicity).)

18. An Act to amend subsection (4) of section nine of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925. {Workmen's Compensation.)

19. An Act to amend section one of the Widows’, Orphans’ and

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1929, so as to define

for the purposes of the said section one the meaning of the expression "normal occupation, " and so as to entitle

to widows’ pensions the 'widows of men who attained the

age of seventy on or before the fifteenth day of July,

nineteen hundred and twelve, and died on or after the

fourth day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six,

and whose normal occupation was at some time within

three years before the date on which they attained the

said age of a certain kind; and for purposes consequential

upon the purposes aforesaid, (iridows’, Orphan «’ and Old

Age Contributory Pensions.)

21 & 22 Geo. &

Table of the Statutes.

20. An Act to provide for raising further money for the Development of the postal, telegraphic and telephonic systems

(Post Office and Telegraph (Money).)

21. An Act to amend subsection (2) of section oije of the

Palestine and East Africa Loans Act, 1926. (Palestine

and East Africa Loans (Amendment).)

Royal Assent, 8th July, 1931.

22. An Act to make provision for the extension of the time within

which applications for assistance under the Housing

(Rural Workers) Act, 1926, may he received by local

authorities. {Housing {Rural Workers) Amendment.)

23. An Act to extend the period during which payments are

to be made to the fund constituted under section twenty

of the Mining Industry Act, 1920. {Mining Industry

{Welfare Fund).)

24. An Act to prohibit the passing of the sentence of death

upon expectant mothers, and for other purposes connected

therewith. {Sentence of Death {Expectant Mothers).)

25. An Act to raise to one hundred and fifteen million pounds

the limit on the amount of the advances by the Treasury

to the Unemployment Fund which may be outstanding

during the deficiency period, to amend subsection (2) of

section fourteen of the Unemployment Insurance Act,

1927, by further extending to forty-eight months the

period of twelve months therein mentioned, and to make

provision for certain other matters in connection with the

extension aforesaid. {Unemployment Insurance {No. 2).)

26. An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee a loan to

be raised by the Government of Mauritius, and the making

of advances out of moneys provided by Parliament for the

payment of the annual charges in respect of the loan for a

limited period. (Mauritius Loan (Guarantee).)

27. An Act to remove for a period not exceeding one year the

limitation upon the number of days on which the hours

of employment below ground in coal mines may be extended

under section three of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908;

to restrict the duration of such extensions to hah an hour

on any one day, and to provide for the maintenance during

the period aforesaid of minimum percentage additions to

baSis rates of wages and of subsistence rates of wages.

(Coal Alines.)

A.D. 1530-31.

Public General Acts.

9

Royal Assent, 31st July, 1931.

28. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland

Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to

am^nd the law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue

(including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make

further provision in connection with finance. (Finance.)

29. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the

service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

one thousand nine hundred and thirty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

(Appropriation.)

30. An Act to amend the law relating to Probation of Offenders

in Scotland. (Probation of Offenders (Scotland).)

31. An Act to amend the Law relating to the marriage of persons

with their nephew or niece by marriage. (Marriage (Prohibited Degrees of Relationship).)

32. An Act to repeal subsection (3) of section sixty-one of the

Road Traffic Act, 1930, and to correct an error in section

one' hundred of that Act. (Road Traffic (Amendment).)

33. An Act to provide for the registration of architects and for

purposes connected therewith. (Architects (Registration).)

34. An Act to amend the law with respect to Customs in the

Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

35. An Act to provide for the making of advances to certain

companies in respect of sugar manufactured by them in

Great Britain during a period of one year beginning on the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-one,

from beet grown in (treat Britain; to provide for the

recovery" in certain events of the whole or some part of the

advances so made, and for the remission of any balance

thereof not so recovered; and for purposes incidental to,

or consequential upon, the matters aforesaid. (British

Sugar Industry (Assistance).)

36. An Act to provide for the amendment, in relation to certain

classes of persons, of the enactments relating to unemployment insurance with a view to the elimination of anomalies

in the operation of those enactments, and to provide for

facilitating the removal of workers and their dependants

from one place to another. (Unemployment Insurance

(No. 3).)

37. An Act to amend the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act,

1930, with respect to the effect of adoptions under that

Act for the purposes of the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old

Age Contributory Pensions Acts, 1925 and 192i*. (Adoption of Children (Scotland).)

h Table of the Statutes. 21 & 22 (?eo. 5,

38. An Act to extend the purposes for which the Government

of the Isle of Man may borrow under and in accordance

with the Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880. (Isle of Man

Loans.)

39. An Act to enable further assistance to be givem to rural

housing authorities in’ regard to the provision of houses in

agricultural parishes in England and in rural areas in

Scotland for agricultural workers and for person^ whose

economic condition is substantially the same as that of

such workers, and in connection therewith to amend the

provisions of section three of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1924, with respect to the rents of such houses.

(Housing (Rural Authorities).)

40. An Act to amend the Agricultural Produce (Grading and

Marking) Act, 1928. (Agricultural.Produce (Grading and

Marling) Amendment.) ' .

41. An Act to promote the better utilisation of agricultural land

in Great Britain and the.settlement of unemployed persons

thereon, to amend the law-relating to small holdings and

allotments, and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid. (Agricultural Land (Utilisation).)

42. An Act to enable schemes to be made for regulating the

marketing of agricultural products; to confer powers upon

boards and other bodies to be constituted in connection

with, or acting for purposes connected with, such schemes;

to establish agricultural marketing funds for the purpose of

making loans thereout to the boards aforesaid; to encourage agricultural co-operation, research and education;

and to provide for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid. (Agricultural Marketing.)

43. An Act to provide for the improvement of live stock by

regulating the keeping and importation of bulls and for

purposes connected with the matters aforesaid. (Improvement of Live Stock (Licensing of Bulls).)

44. An Act to amend the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts,

1886 to 1919, and the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland)

Act, 1923. (Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland).)

45. An Act to amend the law relating to the offices of clerk of the county council and clerk of the peace of counties and

to persons holding those offices, and for purposes connected

with the matters aforesaid. (Local Government (Clerks).)

Loyal Assent, 21st September, 1931.

46. An Act to suspend the operation of subsection (2) of section

oni?of the Gold Standard Act, 1925, and for purposes connected therewith. (Gold Standard (Amendment).)

Public General Ads.

, AJ> *1030-31.

Royal Assent, 30th September, 1931.

47. An Act to grant moneyf0r the purpose of certain loc&l loans

out of the Local Loans Fund and for other purpose relating *

t^ local loans. (Public Work* Loans.)

48. An Act to authoT4.se flie making of Orders 'in Council for

the purpose of effecting economies in expenditure falling

* o be defrayed out of public monej's and improvements in

the arrangements for meeting such expenditure. (National

* 'Economy.)

Royal AssenP, 5th-October, 1931.

49. An Act to increase the Customs and Excise duties on beer

and tobacco* the Customs duty on hydrocarbon oils, and

the entertainments duty; to increase the standard rate of

income tax for *b| v 7 ear 1931-32, and the higher rates of

income tax for the year 1930-31: to amend the Income

Tax Acts in so far as they relate to certain reliefs and the

tax payable by persons carrying on a trade consisting

wholly or partly in dealing in securities; to amend section

thirty-six of the Finance Act, 1931, and the law relating to

the National Debt; and to make provision for certain

matters connected with the matters aforesaid. (Finance

(No. 2).)

Royal Assent, 7th October, 1931.

50. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the

service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

one thousand nine hundred and thirty-two, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation (No. 2).)

51. An Act to authorise the Board of Trade, in case of need, to

take exceptional measures for preventing or remedying

shortages in, or unreasonable increases in the price of,

certain articles of food or drink. (Foodstuffs (Prevention of

Exploitation).)

52. An Act to enable the existing practice as to cinematograph

and musical entertainments on Sundays to be continued

temporarily and to make temporary j>rovision as to the

enforcement of the enactments relating to Sunday observance. (Sunday Performances (Temporary Regulation).)

b

T H E

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

[21 Geo. 5.]

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine

hundred and thirty-one.

[19th December 1930.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto

Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do

therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it

may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty-one, the sum of

ten million five hundred thousand pounds.

2 . — (1)The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or sums not exceeding in the whole ten million five

hundred thousand pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bill* issued

under this section shall be a date not later than the

A

Issue of

10, 500,0001.

out of the

Consolidated

F und for the

service of the

year ending

31st March

1031.

Power for

the Treasury

to borrow.

g

40 & 41 Vict.

c. Z- *

Short title.

Ch. 1, 2. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) 21 Ge. 5.

Act, 1930 (Session 2).

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and thirty-one, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act,

1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not

apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per centum per annum, out of the* growing

produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any peliod not

later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which

the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and

shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this

section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge

for the National Debt.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1930 (Session 2).

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to authorise the making of an agreement

between the Cunard Steam Ship Company

Limited and the Board of Trade for the insurance of two passenger vessels and the making

of agreements between the said Company

and the Board of Trade supplementing or

modifying that agreement, and for purposes

incidental to and connected with the agreements

so authorised to be made.

[19th December 1930.]

TT J HERE AS it is expedient that the Board of Trade

\ 1 (in this Act referred to as " the Board ") should

for the purpose of enabling provision to be made for

the insurance by or on behalf of the Board of two

passenger vessels to be constructed in Great Britain for

the Cunard Steam Ship Company Limited (in this Act

193(5.

Cunard (Insurance)Agreement

Act, 1930.

Ch. 2.

3

referred to as " the Cunard Company ") be authorised

and empowered to enter into an agreement with the

Cunard Company in the terms of the draft agreement

which has been settled between the Board and the Cunard

Company and is set out in the Schedule to this Act (in

this Act referred to as the draft agreement "):

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The Board are hereby authorised and

empowered to enter into an agreement with the Cunard

Company in the terms of the draft agreement and the

Board shall have all such powers as may be necessary

for carrying that agreement into effect.

(2) In this Act the expression "the principal

agreement" means the agreement made in pursuance

of the authority conferred by this section, and references

to the principal agreement shall be construed as including references to the principal agreement as supplemented or modified by any supplemental agreement

taking effect under this Act.

2. —(1) The Board, with the consent of the Treasury

and subject to the provisions of this section, may at any

time during the currency of the principal agreement

enter into further agreements with the Cunard Company

(in this section referred to as " supplemental agreements ") for supplementing or modifying the principal

agreement.

(2) A supplemental agreement shall not come

into operation until it has lain before both Houses

of Parliament for a period of twenty-one days during

the session of Parliament but shall, subject as hereinafter provided, have full force and effect as from the

expiration of the said period:

Provided that, if during the said period a resolution

is passed by either House declaring that a supplemental

agreement so laid ought not to come into operation,

that agr eement shall be void, but without prejudice to

the power to make a new supplemental agreement.

Board, of

Trade

authorised

to make

agreement

in terms of

scheduled

draft.

Power of

Board of

Trade to

enter into

supplemental

agreements.

4

Ch. 2.

Exemption of

principal agreement, supple-

mental agrdl-

and

certain other

contracts from

provisions of

Stamp Act, 1891,

and Marine

Insurance Act,

1906.

54 & 55 Vict

c. 39.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 41.

Establishment of

Cunard

Insurance

Fund.

Cunard (Insurance) Agreement Zl uix>. 5.

Act, 1930.

3. —(1) No agreement to which this section applies

shall be invalid by reason only that it does not comply

with the requirements of the Stamp Act, 1891, with

respect to contracts for or policies of sea insurance, or

be inadmissible in evidence by reason only that it is

not embodied in a marine policy in accordance with the

Marine Insurance Act, 1906. •

(2) Stamp duty shall not be chargeable in respect

of any such agreement.

(3) No person shall be liable to a fine under

section ninety-seven of the Stamp Act, 1891, by reason

of having, contrary to the said section, entered into or

done or omitted to do anything in relation to, or for

the purposes of, any such agreement, or be liable under

the said section to any disability in relation to any such

agreement.

(4) This section applies to the principal agreement,

supplemental agreements and agreements entered into

by the Board with persons other than the Cunard

Company for the purpose of carrying the principal

agreement into effect.

4. —(1) There shall he established for the purpose

of this Act, in accordance with regulations to be made

by the Treasury, a fund to be called the Cunard Insurance Fund, and subject to such regulations as may

be made by the Treasury under this section the Cunard

Insurance Fund shall be under the control and management of the Board.

(2) Any moneys received by the Board in respect of

premiums or otherwise by virtue of this Act shall, subject

as hereinafter provided, be paid into the Cunard Insurance Fund, and all moneys payable by the Board by

virtue of this Act shall be paid out of that Fund, or, if

that Fund is insufficient, shall be charged on and paid

out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce

thereof:

Provided that, where any sums have been paid out

of the Consolidated Fund for the purpose of meeting

any sums payable by the Board by virtue of this Act

in respect of any loss or expenditure, any moneys

received by the Board in diminution of that loss or

expenditure shall, up to the amount of the sums paid out

of the Consolidated Fund, he paid into the Exchequer

1930. Cunard (Insurance) Agreement Chi. 2. 5

Act, 1930.

in accordance with directions to be given by the

Treasury and not into the Cunard Insurance Fund.

(3) TJie regulations to be made by the Treasury

under this section shall make provision with respect to

the accounts to be kept of the Cunard Insurance Fund,

for the investment of moneys forming part of the Cunard

Insurance Fund in Government stock and for the

accumulation of interest accruing in respect of investments

belonging to the Cunard Insurance Fund.

(4) The accounts of the Cunard Insurance Fund

shall in every year be examined by the Comptroller and

Auditor-General and shall together with his report

thereon (including a report as to any issues out of the

Consolidated Fund and any payments into the Exchequer

under this Act), be laid before Parliament.

(5) If at any time the Treasury are satisfied that no

further moneys will become payable by the Board under

this Act or the principal agreement or in connection with

the principal agreement, any investments forming part

of the Cunard Insurance Fund shall, in accordance

with directions to be given by the Treasury, be transferred

to the National Debt Commissioners for the purpose of

cancellation, and the balance, if anjq of the Fund shall

be issued to the said Commissioners and applied by them

in the same manner as the New Sinking Fund (1928).

5. Any things authorised under this Act to be Exercise of

done by or to the Board of Trade may be done by or to powers of the President, a secretary or an assistant secretary, of Oracle inuler

the Board, or by or to any person authorised in that Act

behalf by the President of the Board.

6. This Act may be cited as the Cunard (Insurance) Short title.

Agreement Act, 1930. 1

G Ch. 2. Ciinard (Insurance) Agreement 21 Ge^. 5.

Act, 1930.

SCHEDULE.

Draft of an Agreement between the Cunar£> Steam

Ship Company Limited and the Board of Trade

with respect to the insurance by or on behalf of the Board of Trade of two passenger vessels to be

constructed by the Company.

An Agreement made the day of

1930 between The Cunard Steam Ship Company Limited

hereinafter referred to as " the Company " (whose registered

office is at Cunard Building Liverpool) of the one part and

the Board of Trade of the other part.

Whereas the Company are desirous of ordering the building

in Great Britain of a passenger vessel of exceptional value

and may hereafter be desirous of ordering the building of

another similar vessel but are unwilling to order the building

of either vessel until satisfied that they will be able to obtain

and maintain sufficient insurances on or in respect of the said

vessels against construction risks and ordinary marine risks on

reasonable terms.

And whereas the Company have requested the Board of

Trade to agree to grant or provide insurances for such part of the value of the said vessels as the Company may from time

to time be unable to insure in the open market on reasonable

terms.

And whereas the Board of Trade have with the consent of the Treasury expressed their readiness subject to the sanction of

Parliament to grant or provide insurances in the events and on

the terms and conditions hereinafter appearing:

Now it is hereby agreed as follows:—

Construction 1. — (1) If the Company and the builders shall be unable

risk in.sur- to place in the open market insurances against construction

ances. risks on or in respect of the first vessel sufficient to cover

the cost of the said vessel on payment of premiums at a gross

rate not exceeding the gross rate of premium hereinafter

specified, the Board of Trade at the request in WTiting of the Company shall, subject as hereinafter provided, grant

or provide effective insurances against construction risks in

the joiyt names of the Company and the builders to cover

their respective interests in the said vessel in a sum not exceeding

193Q. Cunard (Insurance) Agreement Ch. 2.

Act, 1930.

the balance of the cost of the said vessel remaining uncovered

on the same terms and conditions as the insurances placed in the

open market on payment to the Board by or on behalf of the

Company of premiums as provided in clause 3 hereof.

(2) " Construction risks" means the risks which would be

covered by an ordinary Lloyds policy subject to the Institute

Clauses % Builders Risks and other clauses set forth in the

pro forma policy identified by the signatures of the Solicitors

to the Bohrd of Trade and the Company.

(3) " Cost" means the full price payable by the Company

in respect of the construction and equipment of the said vessel.

(4) " The gross rate of premium " shall be a rate of one and

one half per centum for a period of three years and in the event

of the vessel not being delivered to and accepted by the Company

within three years from the laying of her keel of an additional

sixpence per centum per month for each month or part thereof

beyond the said three years until her delivery and acceptance.

2.—(l) If at any time the Company shall be unable to place Marine

in the open market insurances against ordinary marine risks on insurances,

or in respect of the first vessel sufficient to cover the value of the said vessel on the terms hereinafter referred to and at

reasonable rates of premium, the Board of Trade at the request

in writing of the Company shall, subject as hereinafter provided,

grant to or provide for the Company effective insurances on or in

respect of the said vessel in a sum not exceeding the balance of the

value remaining uncovered on the same terms and conditions as

the corresponding insurances placed in the open market on

payment to the Board by the Company of premiums as provided

in clause 3 hereof.

(2) The value shall be such sum as may be agreed from time

to time between the Company and Lloyds underwriters and

Insurance Companies representing the open market (hereinafter

referred to as the Underwriters) with the consent of the

Board of Trade and the registered mortgagee (if any) of the said

vessel to be the aggregate amount of the total insurances to be

placed on or in respect of the said vessel (excluding insurances on

premiums) Provided that the consent of the Board of Trade

shall not be required unless the value so agreed exceeds the

standard value as hereinafter defined.

(3) The total insurances to be placed on or in respect of the said vessel shall be insurances either on all risk terms or on

total loss only terms or may be distributed between the said

two kinds of insurance in such proportion as may be agreed

between the Company and the Underwriters with the consent of the Board of Trade.

8 Ch. 2. Cunard (Insurance)Agreement 2l Geo. 5.

Act, 1930.

(4) " All risk terms" means the terms and conditions

contained in an ordinary Lloyds policy subject to the Cunard

all risk clauses with such modifications as may from time to

time be agreed between the parties hereto and the Underwriters.

(5) " Total loss only terms" means the terms and conditions

contained in an ordinary Lloyds Policy subject to the Cunard

freight and disbursements and excess value clauses jR’ith such

modifications as may from time to time be agreed between the

parties hereto and the Underwriters.

(6) Reasonable rates of premium shall be such gross rates of

premium as shall be agreed to be reasonable between the parties

hereto and the Underwriters or in default of agreement as shall

be finally determined by the Chairman of the Corporation of

Lloyds after consultation with the Committee of the said Corporation provided that:

(i) in determining what are reasonable rates of premium

regard shall be had to the market rates then generally

current for insurances upon high-class British oceangoing passenger vessels other than the vessels the

subject of this agreement;

(ii) no rates shall be determined to be reasonable which exceed

the current rates for similar insurances on the vessels

forming the Company’s fleet other than the vessels the

subject of this agreement; and

(iii) in determining whether any rate of premium is reasonable having regard to any other rate, or whether it

exceeds any other rate, all the other terms and conditions (including the valuations) of the insurances which

are being compared shall be taken into consideration.

(7) If it shall be agreed that the total insurances on or in

respect of the said vessel shall be in part on all risk terms and in

part on total loss only terms, the proportion of the total of the

insurances on all risk terms which the Board can be required

to grant or provide shall not (except with the consent of the

Board) exceed the proportion which the insurances on total loss

only terms to be granted or provided by the Board bear to the

total of the insurances on total loss only terms.

3. In respect of any insurances granted or provided by the

Board of Trade in pursuance of clauses 1 and 2 hereof then '

shall be paid to the Board by or on behalf of the Company (1) in

respect of the insurances against construction risks, premiums at

the gross rate of premium specified in clause 1 (4) hereof and

(2) in respect of the insurances against ordinary marine risks,

premiunfs at the respective gross rates payable in respect of the

corresponding insurances placed in the open market with the

Premiums

payable to

board of

Trade.

i93a

Canard (Insurance) Agreement

Act, 1930.

Cir. 2.

9

addition in both cases of two and one half per centum

, of the said gross rates and subject to deductions in both cases

from the rates so augmented of

(a) discount at the same rate (if any) as is allowed by the

underwriters upon the premiums payable in respect of the corresponding insurances placed in the open market;

(b) an 'allowance in lieu of share of brokerage at the same

rate (if any) as is allowed by the insurance brokers to

the Company or the builders, as the case may be, out

of the brokerage received by them in respect of the

premiums payable on the corresponding insurances

placed in the open market.

4. Notwithstanding anything contained in clauses 1 and 2 Brokers ’

hereof, the Board of Trade shall not be bound to grant or provide certificate,

any insurances on or in respect of the first vessel unless the

Company shall have furnished to the Board of Trade a certificate

complying with the following conditions :—

(1) The certificate shall be prepared and signed by the

insurance brokers of the Company, or in the case of

insurances against construction risks, by the insurance

brokers of the builders.

(ii) The certificate shall state that the maximum amount of

insurance obtainable on the terms and conditions

specified in clauses 1 or 2 hereof, as the case may be,

has been placed in the open market.

(iii) The certificate shall specify the maximum amount so

obtainable and the rates of premiums payable and the

rates of discount and the share of brokerage allowed to

the Company.

(iv) If required by the Board of Trade, the certificate shall

be confirmed (save as to the share of brokerage allowed)

by the Chairman of the Corporation of Lloyds.

5. —(1) In the event of the Company being wholly unable Failure of

to place in the open market any insurances against ordinary market

marine risks on or in respect of the first vessel, the Board of msurancos.

Trade, at the request in writing of the Company, shall grant to

or provide for the Company effective insurances on or in respect

of the said vessel in a sum not less than the standard value (as

hereinafter defined) on such reasonable terms and conditions as

to rate of premium or otherwise as may be agreed between the

parties hereto or in default of agreement as may be determined

by arbitration in the manner hereinafter provided.

(2) In the event of the parties hereto being unable to agree

as to the terms and conditions of the insurances to be granted or

10 Ch. 2. Cunard (Insurance) Agreement :?! Gec>. 5.

Act, 1930.

provided l>y the Board of Trade under this clause, the question

as to what are reasonable terms and conditions as to rates of

premium or otherwise shall be referred to and determined by

two arbitrators, one to be appointed by either party hereto, or,

if the two arbitrators so appointed be unable to agree, by an

umpire appointed by the said arbitrators:

Provided that (i) in determining what rate fe* rates of

premium are reasonable the said arbitrators or umpire, as the

case may be, shall have regard to the same considerations and be

subject to the same limitation as the Chairman of the Corporation of Lloyds would have regard to or be subject to in determining reasonable rates of premium under clause 2 (6) hereof,

and (ii) the determination of the said arbitrators or the umpire,

as the case may be, shall be final and conclusive on all matters

referred to them or him.

(3) In respect of any insurances granted or provided by the

Board of Trade in pursuance of this clause, there shall be paid

to the Board by the Company premiums at the rate or rates of

premium so agreed or determined with the addition of two and

one half per cent, of the said rate or rates subject to deduction

from the rates so augmented of—

(a) discount at the same rate as would normally be allowed

by underwriters upon similar insurances placed in the

open market; and

(b) an allowance in lieu of share of brokerage at the same

rate, if any, as would have been allowed by the insurance

brokers to the Company out of the brokerage receivable

by them if the insurances had been placed in the open

market.

Ownership ti- Notwithstanding anything hereinbefore provided the

and class. Board of Trade shall not be bound to grant or provide or to

continue to grant or provide any insurances on or in respect of the first vessel at any time or in respect of any period of time

(after delivery to and acceptance by the Company) when or

during which the Company shall not be the registered owners of the vessel or when or during which the vessel shall not be maintained in Lloyds highest class for passenger vessels.

Definitions. 7 In this agreement—

" First vessel" means the first passenger vessel of an

estimated value when completed exceeding four

million pounds the building of which in Great Britain

the Company shall have ordered within one year

before or after the execution of this agreement;

193ft. Cunard (Insurance) Agreement Ch. 2, 3. 11

Act, 1930.

" Open market" means the market reached through the

ordinary insurance market channels in England;

and

" Stiftidard value" means the full price payable by the

Company in respect of the construction and equipment of the first vessel less depreciation for each

•year at the rate of four per cent, on such price.

8. If the Company shall enter into a contract for the building Second

in Great Britain of a second similar vessel and shall satisfy vessel,

the Board of Trade that the keel of that vessel will be laid within

six years from the execution of this agreement the provisions

of this agreement shall nnitatis mutandis apply to the insurances

of that vessel.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to raise to seventy million pounds the limit

on the amount of the advances by the Treasury

to the Unemployment Fund which may be

outstanding during the deficiency period.

[19th December 1930.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The limit on the amount of the advances to be Increase of

made by the Treasury to the Unemployment Fund under limit of

section five of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1921, ^easury

as amended by subsequent enactments, which may be

outstanding during the deficiency period, shall be raised 5 ~ c> \

to seventy million pounds.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Unemployment Short title,

Insurance (No. 4) Act, 1930, and shall be included among extent and

the Acts which may be cited together as the Unemploy- repeal,

ment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1930.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) The Unemployment Insurance (No. 3) Act, 1930, 20 & 21

is hereby repealed. . Geo. 5. c.47.

12

Ch. 4.

Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1930.

21 Ge©. 5.

Continuance

of Acts in

Schedule.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to continue certain expiring la\vs.

[19th December 1930.]

VI7 HERE AS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to

V V this Act are, in so far as they arc in force and

are temporary in their duration, limited to expire, as

respects those mentioned in Part I. of that Schedule,

on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred

and thirty, and, as respects those mentioned in Part II.

thereof, in England on the twenty-fifth day of December, nineteen hundred and thirty, and in Scotland on

the twenty-eighth day of May, nineteen hundred and

thirty-one, and as respects that mentioned in Part III.

thereof on the fourteenth day of January, nineteen

hundred and thirty-one:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Acts mentioned in Parts I. and III. of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in

column three of that Schedule, be continued until the

thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and

thirty-one.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule

to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three

of that Schedule, be continued in England until the

twenty-fifth day of December, nineteen hundred and

thirty-one, and in Scotland until the twenty-eighth day

of May, nineteen hundred and thirty-two.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary

in their duration, shall, in so far as they amend or

affect the enactments continued by the foregoing

provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner,

whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act

or not.

1930.

Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1930.

Ch. 4.

13

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Short title

Laws Continuance Act, 1930. applica-

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in Northern *

so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a Ireland,

subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland l*as not power to make laws, but stibject to this

provision’this Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(1)

58 & 59 Vict.

The Seal Fisheries

The whole Act

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

e. 21.

(2)

4Edw.7. c.24.

(North Pacific)

Act, 1895.

C. 10.

The Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904.

The whole Act

6 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

15 & 16Ueo.fi.

c. 67.

10 & 17 Geo.fi.

c. 54.

(3)

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

c. 2.

The Goal Alines

(Minimum Wage)

Act, 1912.

The Whole Act.

(4)

4 &. 5 Geo. 5.

o. 3. I

The Grey Seals Protection Act, 1914.

The whole Act.

(5)

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

The Courts (Einer-

So far as it relates

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

e. 78.

gency Powers)

to orders made by

c. 13.

Act, 1914.

any court before

the thirty - first

day of August,

nineteen hundred

and twenty-two.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 18.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 64.

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c 5

13& l^Geo.5.

c. 8.

14 Ch. 4. Expiring Laws Continuance 21 Grico. 5.

Act, 1930.

1.

•Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(6)

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 12.

The Local Government (Emergency

Provisions) Act,

1916.

Section six.

(V)

9 & 10 Geo.5.

c. 92.

The Aliens .Restriction (Amendment)

Act, 1919.

Section one.

(8)

* )&. 10 Geo.5.

The Land Settle-

Sections one and

12 &13 Geo.5.

c. 97.

ment (Scotland)

Act, 1919.

two.

c. 52.

(9)

I0&UGeo.5.

The Ministry of

So far as it autho-

c. 47.

Food (Continuance) Act, 1920.

rises the making

or revoking, in

whole or in part,

of Part III. of the Sale of Food

Order, 1921, and

provides for the

enforcement, and

imposes penalties

for the breach,

thereof.

(10)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Unemployment

The whole Act

20 & 21 Geo.5.

c. 57.

(Relief Works)

Act, 1920.

c. 50.

(H)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 65.

The Employment of

Women, Young

Persons and

Children Act,

1920.

Section two.

(12)

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5.

The Poor Law Emer-

The whole Act ex-

13 & 14 Geo.5

c. 64.

gency Provisions

cept subsection (4)

c. 6.

(Scotland) Act,

1921.

of section two.

14 & 15 Geo.5.

c. 9.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 35.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

c. 3.

1930?

Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1930.

Part I — continued.

Ch. 4.

15

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acta.

(13) .

16 & 17 Geo.6.

c. 28.

The Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

Section eighteen.

i

(14)

17 & 18 Geo.5.

c. 3

The Poor Law Emer-

1 gency Provisions

1 (Scotland) Act,

1 1927.

Sections one, three

and five.

Part II.

(15)

10 & 11 Geo 5.

c. 17.

The Increase of Rent

and Mortgage Interest (Restriction) Act, 1920.

The whole Act

13 & 14 Goo.5.

c. 32.

14 & 15 Geo.o.

c. 18.

15 & 16 Geo.o

c. 32.

Part III.

(16)

lO&11 Geo 5.

c. 77.

The Dyestuffs (Import Regulation)

Act, 1920.

The w'hole Act.

1G Ch. 5. National Health Insurance 21 Gfco. 5.

(Prolongation of Insurance) Act, 1030.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend subsection (3) of section three

of the National Health Insurance Act, 1924,

and to make financial provision in connection

with such amendment.

[19th December 1930.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Prolongation of

period of

insurance

under s. 3(3)

of principal

Act.

18 & 19

Geo. 5 . c. 14.

1. Where a person was immediately before the

commencement of this Act insured as an employed

contributor under the provisions of subsection (3) of

section three of the principal Act, or under the said

subsection as applied by regulations made under section

twenty-three of the National Health Insurance Act, 1928,

he shall continue to be treated as an employed contributor remaining by virtue of the said subsection

insured under the principal Act until the thirty-first

day of December, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, if

he satisfies the requirement contained in paragraph (a)

of the said subsection and also proves within the

prescribed time that, throughout the period during

which by virtue of the said subsection he remained

insured under the principal Act, he was when not

employed within the meaning of that Act either available for, but unable to obtain, employment within the

meaning of the principal Act or incapable of work by

reason of some specific disease or bodily or mental

disablement of which notice was given within the

prescribed time.

Financial 2.—(1) There shall, in respect of every person,

provision, being a member of an approved society, to whom

this Act applies, be paid out of moneys provided by

Parliament to the fund out of which the benefits to

which that person is entitled are provided, and, subject

to the retention thereout of the amounts mentioned

in section sixty-seven of the principal Act, credited to

the Recount in that fund of the approved society of

which that person is a member, a sum equal to

thirty-six contributions at the rate in the case of a

1930. National Health Insurance Ch. 5, 0. 17

(Prolongation of Insurance) Act, 1930.

•man of ninepence and in the case of a woman of eight-

pence halfpenny.

(2) For the purpose of section four of the principal

Act the »sums paid under this section in respect

of any person shall he deemed to be contributions paid

under the principal Act by or in respect of that person.

3. — fl) This Act may be cited as the National Short title,

Health Insurance (Prolongation of Insurance) Act, 1930, interpreta-

and the National Health Insurance Acts, 1924 to 1928, tl0n > corn '

and this Act may be cited together as the National ^fexTent

Health Insurance Acts, 1924 to 1930.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the

principal Act.

(3) In this Act the expression "the principal Act "

means the National Health Insurance Act, 1924, and 14 & 15

references to the principal Act shall be construed as Geo. 5. c. 38.

references to that Act as amended by any subsequent

enactment.

(4) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-one.

(5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to prevent the constitution of new local

education authorities by reason only of the

creation of new boroughs or other urban districts,

or the extension of the boundaries of existing

boroughs or urban districts.

[3rd March 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.— (1) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) Amend-

of section three of the Education Act, 1921, no council ment of

of an urban district (whether a borough or not) w^ich is ]] &

not at the commencement of this Act a local education c g

B

18 Ch. 6, 7. Education (Local Authorities) lil Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

authority for the purposes of elementary education shall *

become a local education authority unless expressly

constituted as such by an Act passed after the commencement of this Act:

Provided that, in the event of two or more urban

districts being united, if the council of any of those

districts was a local education authority immediately

before the union, the council of the urban district formed

by the union shall be the local education authority for

elementary education as respects that district.

(2) Paragraph (d) of the said subsection (1) (which

defines the area as respects which the council of every

county is the local education authority for the purposes

of elementary education) shall have effect as if for the

words "excluding the area of any such borough or

urban district" there were therein substituted the

words " excluding the area of any urban district (whether

" a borough or not) whereof the council is a local

" education authority for the purposes of elementary

" education."

Short title 2. This Act may be cited as the Education (Local

and cita- Authorities) Act, 1931, and this Act and the Education

ti°n. Acts, 1921 and 1923, may be cited together as the

Education Acts, 1921 to 1931.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to make further provision with respect to

the application of the China Indemnity Fund

and of moneys paid on account of the China

Indemnity.

[3rd March 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, as follows:—

Repeal of

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 41

and provisions as to

1.—(1) The China Indemnity (Application) Act,

1925, is hereby repealed, and the China Indemnity Fund

formed thereunder and all sums received after the

commencement of this Act on account of the China

1931. China Indemnity (Application) Ch. 7.

Act, 1931.

indemnity shall be dealt with in accordance with the

provisions of this section.

(2) The payments specified in the First Schedule to

this Act shall be made out of the China Indemnity Fund

and the balance of the said Fund, so soon as all expenses

properly chargeable thereto have been defrayed, shall

be paid Ur the Chinese Government Purchasing Commission constituted under this Act.

(3) One half of every sum received after the commencement of this Act on account of the China

Indemnity shall be paid to the said Commission and

the other half shall be paid to such persons including

persons who are British subjects (hereinafter referred

to as "the Board of Trustees") as the Chinese Government may from time to time appoint to be trustees for

the purpose of receiving those moneys and applying

them to objects mutually beneficial to China and the

British Empire.

2.—(1) There shall be constituted for the purposes

of this Act a Commission (hereinafter referred to as

"the Commission") which shall be a body corporate

by the name of " The Chinese Government Purchasing

Commission" with perpetual succession and a common

seal, and of which the functions shall be—

(i) to enter into, and to supervise and secure the

carrying out of, contracts for the supply and

the delivery in China of such plant, machinery

and other articles and material, to be manufactured in each case within the United

Kingdom, as the Chinese Government may

from time to time request them to purchase;

and

(ii) to apply all moneys received by them under

this Act in discharging obligations incurred

under, or in connection with, any such contracts

as aforesaid, and in defraying their general

expenses, and, so far as those moneys are not

immediately required for such purposes, in

establishing a reserve fund for the purpose of

enabling the Commission to discharge similar

obligations and defray similar expenses in

future years.

19

future

application

of the China

Indemnity •

Fund and

receipts on

account of the China

Indemnity.

Constitution, functions, &c.,

of Chinese

Government

Purchasing

Commission.

20

Ch. 7.

Short title.

Section 1.

China Indemnity (Application)"21 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

(2) The Commission shall consist of a chairman, «

who shall be the diplomatic representative in London

for the time being of China, a representative of the

Chinese Ministry of Railways and four other members,

appointed from time to time by the Chinese Government,

after consultation with the Board of Trustees, from a

panel of persons commended to those Trustees by the

Secretary of State as being persons of standing with

wide experience in business matters.

(3) Any income accruing to the Commission, whether

under section one of this Act or from the deposit or investment of moneys not required by them for immediate

use, shall be exempt from all taxation.

(4) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall apply with respect to the constitution, powers

and proceedings of the Commission.

3. This Act may be cited as the China Indemnity

(Application) Act, 1931.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Payments to be made out of the China

Indemnity Fund.

To the Hong Kong University for the education £

of Chinese students ..... 205,000

To the Universities’ China Committee in London 200,000

for the following purposes :—

(i) to arrange for such Chinese men and

women to visit and lecture in the Lhiited

Kingdom and for such British men and women

to visit and lecture in China as may seem to

them suitable;

(ii) to assist Chinese students coming to the

United Kingdom to find hospitality and

suitable living accommodation;

(iii) to advise Chinese students as to their

course of studies in the United Kingdom and

as to other matters connected therewith;

1931! China Indemnity (Application) Ch. 7.

Act, 1931.

(iv) to encourage and facilitate the teaching

of the Chinese language and literature at the

universities of the United Kingdom by the

endowment for those purposes of professorships

and lectureships, or otherwise;

(v) generally to encourage closer intellectual

co-operation and to promote cultural relations

between China and the United Kingdom.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions with respect to the Constitution,

Powers and Proceedings of the Commission.

1. The term of office of a member of the Commission (other

than the chairman) shall be three years, but a member whose

term of office has expired shall be eligible for reappointment

and a member (other than the chairman) may at any time

resign his office.

2. The proceedings of the Commission shall not be invalidated by any vacancy among its memoers or by any defect

in the appointment of any member.

3. At any meeting of the Commission four members shall

constitute a quorum.

4. The Commission may provide such offices and employ

such officers, expert advisers, accountants and agents as they

deem necessary for the proper discharge of their functions.

5. The accounts of the Commission shall be made up to

such date in each year and be audited by such persons as the

Commission may determine, and the Commission shall submit to

the Chinese Government a summary of those accounts and of

their transactions during the year, and shall cause that

summary to be published.

6. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Commission

may regulate their own procedure and make standing orders

governing the conduct of their business, whether by the

Commission or by committees of the members thereof.

Section

22

Ch. 8.

Unemployment Insurance 21 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

Increase of

limit of

Treasury

advances.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 1.

Further

amendment

of s. 14(2)

of 17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 30.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. c. 19.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 16.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to raise to ninety million pounds the limit

on the amount of the advances by the Treasury

to the Unemployment Fund which* may be

outstanding during the deficiency period, to

amend subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927, by

further extending to forty-two months the

period of twelve months therein mentioned,

and to make provision for certain other matters

in connection with the extension aforesaid.

[3rd March 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The limit on the amount of the advances to be

made by the Treasury to the Unemployment. Fund under

section five of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1921,

as amended by subsequent enactments, which may be

outstanding during the deficiency period, shall be raised

to ninety million pounds.

2. —(1) The period of twelve months mentioned

in subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927, which was extended by the

Unemployment Insurance (Transitional Provisions

Amendment) Act, 1929, to twenty-four months and

by the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1930, to thirty-six

months, shall be further extended to forty-two months

and the said subsection shall have effect accordingly.

(2) There shall be paid into the unemployment

fund out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) such amounts as may be determined by the Minister of Labour, with the concurrence of the Treasury, to be approximately equivalent

to the aggregate amount of the sums which are

from time to time paid by way of benefit under

1931.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1931.

Cn. 8, 9.

23

the said subsection (2) as extended by this

section; and

(b) an amount approximately equivalent to the

expenses incurred by the Minister of Labour in

administering the benefit aforesaid.

(3) The amounts paid into the unemployment fund

under subsection (2) of this section shall not be treated

as receipts paid into that fund within the meaning of the

proviso to subsection (3) of section twelve of the

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920, and the maximum

sum applicable under the said proviso as an appropriation

in aid shall be increased by a sum equal to the amount

paid into the unemployment fund under paragraph (b)

of the said subsection (2).

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1931, and the Unemployment Insurance

Acts, 1920 to 1930, and this Act may be cited together

as the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) The Unemployment Insurance (No. 4) Act, 1930,

is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend and consolidate the Colonial

Naval Defence Acts, 1865 and 1909.

[3rd March 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The legislature of any colony may, with the

approval of His Majesty in Council, make provision

at the expense of the colony for maintaining and using

vessels of war, subject to such conditions as His Majesty

in Council may approve.

(2) The powers conferred on the legislature of a

colony by the last foregoing subsection may be exercised

in conjunction with the legislature of any other colony.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 30.

Short title,

extent and

repeal.

21 Geo. 5.

c. 3.

Colonial

vessels of

war.

24

Ch. 9.

Colonial Naval Defence

Act, 1931.

21 GecT. 5.

Colonial

naval

forces.

(3) His Majesty in Council may, on such conditions

as he thinks fit, authorise the Admiralty to accept any

offer made by the Government of a colony to place at His

Majesty’s disposal for general service in the Royal Navy

any vessel of war maintained by the colony, and while

any such vessel is at the disposal of His Majesty as

aforesaid, it shall be deemed for all purposed to be a

vessel of war of the Royal Navy.

2.—(1) Where the legislature of any colony has

made provision for raising a force for the naval defence

of the colony within its territorial waters, that legislature

may, with the approval of His Majesty in Council, further

provide that all or any of the officers and men of that

force—

(a) shall, whether serving ashore or afloat or within

or without the limits of the colony, be subject

to all the enactments and regulations for

the time being in force for the enforcement

of discipline in the Royal Navy, with such

modifications and adaptations as may be made

by the legislature to adapt those enactments

and regulations to the circumstances of the

colony;

(b) shall be liable to service and training in any ship,

establishment or other place without the limits

of the colony, whether belonging to the colony

or not;

(c) shall, in the case of officers or men entered on

the express terms of accepting general service in

the Royal Navy in emergency, form part of the

Royal Naval Reserve or of the Royal Naval

Volunteer Reserve or that some shall form part

of the Royal Naval Reserve and others of the

Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve:

Provided that the enactments and regulations for the

time being in force relating to officers and men of the

Royal Naval Reserve and Royal Naval Volunteer

Reserve raised in the United Kingdom shall not, subject

to the provisions of the next following subsection,

apply to officers or men raised by a colony except in

so far as those enactments and regulations may be

applied by the legislature of the colony under the foregoing provisions of this subsection.

15)31. Colonial Naval Defence Ch. 5). 25

Act, 1931.

(2) His Majesty in Council may, on such conditions

as he thinks fit, authorise the Admiralty to accept any

offer made by the Government of a colony to place at

His Majesty’s disposal for general service in the Royal

Navy the whole or any number of the officers or men of the force Raised by the colony as aforesaid, and while

any such Officers and men are at the disposal of His

Majesty—.

(a) such of them as do not form part either of the

Royal Naval Reserve or of the Royal Naval

Volunteer Reserve shall be subject to all the

enactments and regulations for the time being

in force relating to officers and men of the

Royal Navy;

(b) such of them as form part of the Royal Naval

Reserve shall be subject to all the enactments

and regulations for the time being in force

relating to officers and men of the Royal Naval

Reserve raised in the United Kingdom while in

actual service;

(c) such of them as form part of the Royal Naval

Volunteer Reserve shall be subject to all the

enactments and regulations for the time being

in force relating to officers and men of the

Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve raised in the

United Kingdom while in actual service:

Provided that the amount of the pay, wages, pensions, grants and other emoluments of any such officers

and men while at the disposal of His Majesty, or of

their wives, widows, children or other dependants, shall

be such as may be determined by the legislature of the colony.

3. Nothing in this Act or any Order in Council Expenses of

made thereunder shall be taken to authorise the pay- colon j al

ment out of the revenues of the United Kingdom of any naval ^forces

expenses incurred in equipping or maintaining any w hile at

vessel, officers or men placed at the disposal of His disposal of

Majesty under this Act, or in providing the pay, wages, His Majesty,

pensions, grants or other emoluments of any such officers

or men or of their wives, widows, children or other

dependants, but any such expenses may be so paid, if,

and so far as, moneys may be provided by Parliament

in any year for that purpose.

26

Short title,

repeal atifi

saving.

28 & 29Viet,

c. 14.

9 Edw. 7.

c. 19.

52 & 53Viet,

c. 63.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 47.

Ch. 9, 10. Colonial Naval Defence 21 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Colonial

Naval Defence Act, 1931.

(2) The Colonial Naval Defence Act, 1.855, and the

Colonial Naval Defence Act, 1909, are hereby repealed:

Provided that, without prejudice to the .provisions

of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation ‘Act, 1889,

any provision made or authority given in pursuance of the Colonial Naval Defence Acts, 1865 and 1909, if in

force at the commencement of this Act, shall continue

in force, and, so far as it could have been made or given

in pursuance of this Act, shall have effect as if made or

given in pursuance of this Act.

(3) The powers conferred by this Act are in addition

to, and not in derogation of, any powers which would be

exerciseable by the legislature of a colony apart from

this Act.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall be taken to affect the

provisions of the Naval Discipline (Dominion Naval

Forces) Act, 1911.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending

on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand

nine hundred and thirty, one thousand nine

hundred and thirty-one and one thousand nine

hundred and thirty-two.

[27th March 1931.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto

Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do

therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it

may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most

93l. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Ch. 10. 27

Act, 1931.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in '

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated issue of

Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making 7’d 0 7 t of

good th& supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the ConsoU-

the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one ^h/service

thousand nine hundred and thirty, and one thousand of the years

nine hundred and thirty-one, the sum of three million |i^ ftrch

three hundred and sixty-four thousand five hundred and i (>30 and 1931.

forty-one pounds thirteen shillings and sevenpence.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated issue of

Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making Out’0 j t’he

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of p°" s d ol f ida d

the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one B er\ucerf the

thousand nine hundred and thirty-two, the sum of two eiuiing

hundred and six million six hundred and ninety-three i 9 | 2 . ar °

thousand seven hundred pounds.

3. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person Power for

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the the Treasury

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance borrow -

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or sums not exceeding in the whole two hundred and

ten million fifty-eight thousand two hundred and forty-

one pounds thirteen shillings and sevenpence.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued

under this section shall be a date not later than the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and thirty-two, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 40 & 41 Vict.

1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not c - 2.

apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing

produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not

later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which

the money w as borrow ed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and

shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in anj 7 manner in which such Fund is available.

28

Ch. 10, 11.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

21 Geo. 5.

Short title.

Official arbitrators in

Scotland

not debarred from

private

practice.

9 & 10 Geo.5.

c. 57.

Citation.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed tinder this

section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge

for the National Debt.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to amend the provisions of the Acquisition

of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919,

relating to the terms on which official arbitrators

in Scotland shall hold office.

[27th March 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Subsection (3) of section one of the Acquisition

of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, in so

far as it prohibits a person appointed to be a member

of the panel of official arbitrators for Scotland from

engaging by himself or his partner in private practice or

business, shall cease to have effect, and the said subsection shall accordingly in its application to Scotland

be read and construed as if all the words therein after

the word " appointment " were omitted.

2. This Act may be cited as the Acquisition of

Land (Assessment of Compensation) (Scotland) Act, 1931.

1931. Metropolitan Police (Staff Ch. 12.

Superannuation and Police Fund) Act, 1931.

29

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to provide for the granting of compassionate gratuities in respect of officers to whom

the Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation

Acts, 1875 and 1885, apply; to permit commutation of certain of the pensions payable in

respect of such officers; and to amend section

ten of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1829.

[27th March 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Metropolitan Police Staee Superannuation.

1. The power of the Secretary of State under the

Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875,

to make regulations respecting the grant to the officers

to whom that Act applies of superannuation allowances, compensations, gratuities, or other allowances,

shall be extended so as to include power to make

regulations respecting the grant to officers to whom

this Part of this Act applies, or to the dependants of

such officers, of compassionate gratuities on the like

principles and conditions as are for the time being in

force with respect to persons employed in public departments in employments to which they are required to

devote their whole time and for which the remuneration

is paid entirely out of moneys provided by Parliament,

but in capacities in respect of which superannuation

allowances cannot be granted.

2. The power of the Secretary of State under the

Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875,

to make regulations respecting the grant to the officers

to whom that Act applies of superannuation allowances,

compensations, gratuities, or other allowances, shall

include power to make regulations for the commutation,

by the payment of a capital sum of money out of the

Metropolitan Police Fund, of any sum payable annually

Power to

make regulations as to

compassionate allowances in

respect of

officers of

staff of

metropolitan police.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 28.

Power of

Secretary of

State to

make regulations as to

commutation of

compensation allowances.

30

Part I.

— cont.

Application,

construction

and citation

of Part I.

48 & 49 Vict,

c. 68.

9 Edw. 7.

c. 40.

Provision

as to bank

accounts of

Receiver for

the Metropolitan

Police

District.

10 Geo. 4.

c. 44.

12. Metropolitan Police (Staff ?1 Geo. 5.

Superannuation and Police Fund) Act, 1931.

by way of compensation allowance in respect of any

officer to whom this Act applies who has retired or has

been removed from his office in consequence of the

abolition of his office or for the purpose of facilitating

improvements in the organisation of the department to

which he belonged, on the like principles and conditions

as are for the time being in force with respect to

persons to whom the Pensions Commutation Acts, 1871

to 1882, apply, and such regulations may apply any

of the provisions of those Acts with such modifications

as may be specified in the regulations.

3. —(1) This Part of this Act applies to officers to

whom salaries have been paid out of the Metropolitan

Police Fund in respect of their employment—

(a) under the Commissioner of Police of the

Metropolis or the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, otherwise than as

constables; or

(b) as members of the staff of the Metropolitan

police courts, otherwise than as metropolitan

police magistrates.

(2) References in this Act to the Metropolitan

Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875, shall be construed as references to that Act as amended by the

Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1885,

and the Police Act, 1909, and, except where the context

otherwise requires, by this Act.

(3) The Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation

Acts, 1875 and 1885, section four of the Police Act,

1909, and this Part of this Act may be cited together

as the Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Acts,

1875 to 1931.

Part II.

Amendment op 10 Geo. 4, c. 44, s. 10.

4. In section ten of the Metropolitan Police Act,

1829, for the word "immediately " there shall be substituted the words "subject as hereinafter provided, "

and for the words from "and the said receiver shall

draw" to the end of the section (which relate to the

drawing of money out of the account of the public moneys

of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District and

to the* purposes for which and the manner in which

193 K

31

Metropolitan Police {Staff Ch. 12, 13.

Superannuation and Police Fund) Act, 1931.

such money may be so drawn) there shall be substituted

the words following, that is to say: " and all moneys

" standing to the credit of the said account shall be

" available to meet such expenses as may be authorised

" by or under any enactment or by the Secretary of

" State to be paid out of the Metropolitan Police Fund,

" and the said account shall be drawn upon by such

" persons and in such manner as the Secretary of State

" may dii^ct:

" Provided that such moneys received by or on

" behalf of the receiver as the Secretary of State may

" direct shall, in heu of being paid into the account

" aforesaid, be paid into such other accounts at such

" banks as may be approved by him, and payments

" into and out of any such accounts shall be regulated

" in such manner as the Secretary of State may direct."

Part III.

General.

5. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police

(Staff Superannuation and Police Fund) Act, 1931, and

the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1912, and this Act may be cited together as the Metropolitan Police

Acts, 1829 to 1931.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to remove doubts as to the scope of the

House of Commons (Disqualification) Act, 1782,

and of section four of the House of Commons

(Disqualifications) Act, 1801.

[27th March 1931.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether the provisions

of the House of Commons (Disqualification) Act,

1782, and section four of the House of Commons (Disqualifications) Act, 1801 (which disable persons concerned in contracts, agreements or commissions made or

entered into, with, under or from such persons as are

mentioned in the said enactments, for or on account of

Short title.

22 Geo 3.

c. 45.

41 Geo 3.

c. 52.

32 Ch. 13, 14. House of Commons 21 Geo. 5.

Disqualification (Declaration of Law) Act, 193f.

the public service, from being elected or sitting aifd

voting as members of the Commons House of Parliament)

do or do not extend to certain classes of contracts,

agreements and commissions:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Declaration 1 . It is hereby declared that the House of Commons

as to scope (Disqualification) Act, 1782, and (so far as it relates to

of 22 Geo. 3. contracts, agreements or commissions) section four of the

ofllGta) 8 4 •^ ouse °1 Commons (Disqualifications) Act, 1801, extend

(. -o ' only to contracts, agreements or commissions for the

furnishing or providing of money to be remitted abroad

or wares and merchandise to be used or employed in

the service of the public.

[Short title.] 2. This Act maybe cited as the House of Commons

Disqualification (Declaration of Law) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months (and,

as respects certain places outside the United

Kingdom, during Fifteen Months) for the

Discipline and Regulation of the Army and

Air Force.

[29th April 1931.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army

within the United Kingdom in time of peace,

unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against

law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty

and this present Parliament that a body of land forces

should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom

and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s

Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should

consist of one hundred and forty-eight thousand, eight

hundred, including those to be employed at the depots

in the United Kingdom for the training of recruits for

1931. Army and Air Force (Annual) Ch. 14. 33

Act, 1931.

service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers

actually serving within His Majesty’s Indian possessions,

other than Aden;

And whereas under the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 7 & 8 Geo. 6.

1917, His Majesty is entitled to raise and maintain the c. 51.

air force, and it is judged necessary that the whole

number of such force should consist of thirty-two

thousand, including those employed as aforesaid, but

exclusive of the numbers serving as aforesaid:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the

safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the

possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine

forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and

naval service, under the direction of the Lord High

Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners

for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently

be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on

board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or

vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under

other circumstances in which they will not be subject

to the law r s relating to the government of His Majesty’s

forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of fife or

limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of

punishment within this realm, by martial law r, or in any

other manner than by the judgment of his peers and

according to the known and established laws of this

realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the

retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other

persons subject to military law or to the Air Force

Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed

and that persons belonging to the said forces who

mutiny, or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty’s

service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military or air force discipline,

be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment

than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act and the Air Force Act

will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and

thirty-one on the following days:—

(a) In Great Britain and certain other places within

His Majesty’s dominions, on the thirtieth day

of April; and

34

Cil 14.

Short title.

Army Act

and Air

Force Act

to be in

force for

specified

times.

Prices in

respect of

billeting.

•J

Army and Air Force (Annual) 21 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

(6) Elsewhere, whether within or without His

Majesty’s dominions, on the thirty-first day of

July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force

(Annual) Act, 1931.

2. —(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall

be and remain in force during the periods hereinafter

mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by

Parliament (that is to say):—

(a) In Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the

Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the

thirtieth day of April, one thousand nine

hundred and thirty-one, to the thirtieth day of

April, one thousand nine hundred and thirty-two,

both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His

Majesty’s dominions, from the day, as respects

each place, on which but for this Act they would

have expired in that place, to the thirty-first

day of July, one thousand nine hundred and

thirty-two, both inclusive.

(2) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, while in

force, shall apply to persons subject to military law or to

the Air Force Act, as the case may be, wdietlier within or

without His Majesty’s dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law or to the Air

Force Act shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act or Air Force Act by reason only that the

number of the forces for the time being in the service of

His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either

greater or less than the numbers hereinbefore mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling

house for the accommodation provided by him in

pursuance of the Army Act or the Air Force Act the

prices specified in the First Schedule to this Act.

193J..

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 14.

35

Amendments of Army and Air Force Acts.

4. In the provisos to sections seventy-nine and one Amendment

hundred and sixty-one of the Army Act (which provisos of Army

relate to the restoration of forfeited service) for the words ss- 79 *

" the Army Council may restore " there shall be substituted the words "the Army Council may by general or

special regulations provide for the restoration of ", and

the words "by the Army Council " shall be omitted; and

in the proviso to the said section one hundred and sixty-

one for the words "good or faithful service " there shall

be substituted the words "good and faithful service."

5. In section eighty-five of the Army Act (which Amendment

relates to continuance in service after twenty-one years’ of Army

service) for the words "the total period of service for - ct > s *

" which he has re-engaged under the last preceding section

" of this Act, inclusive of any period served in the reserve "

there shall be substituted the words "a total period of

" twenty-one years’ service inclusive of any period served in

" the reserve, but exclusive, in the case of a soldier to whom

" an order made under the proviso to section seventy-six

" of this Act applies or has applied, of any period during

" which he was under eighteen years of age."

6. For the purpose of giving effect to section Amendment

twenty of the Mental Treatment Act, 1930 (which pro- of Army

vides for the discontinuance, as respects England, of ss - 91 >

the terms " asylum " and " lunatic ") the amendments 20 & 21

specified in the Second Schedule to this Act shall be Geo. 5. c. 23.

made in sections ninety-one and one hundred and thirty

of the Army Act.

7. References in the three last foregoing sections of Application

this Act to the Army Act shall be deemed to include to Air Force,

references to the Air Force Act, and those sections

(including the Second Schedule to this Act) shall in

their application to the Air Force Act have effect subject

to any of the general modifications set out in Part I

of the Second Schedule to the Air Force (Constitution)

Act, 1917, which apply, and subject also to the modifications that in section five of this Act for the words

" twenty-one years’ service, " wherever those words

occur, there shall be substituted the words "twenty-four

years’ service " and the words "an order made under "

shall be omitted,

36

Ch. 14.

Section 3.

Section 6.

Army and A ir Force (Annual) 21 Geq. 5.

Act, 1931.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Prices in Respect of Billeting.

Accommodation to be provided.

Maximurn Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where

meals furnished.

Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the

Second Schedule to the Army Act.

Dinner as so specified ....

Supper as so specified -

Where no meals furnished, lodging and

attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt,

and the use of fire, and the necessary

utensils for dressing and eating his

meat.

Stable room and ten pounds of oats, twelve

pounds of hay, and eight pounds of

straw a day for each horse.

Stable room without forage -

Lodging and attendance for officer -

Tenpence a night for

the first soldier

and eightpence a

night for each additional soldier.

Sevenpence each.

Tenpence.

Fourpence.

Tenpence a night for

the first soldier

and eightpence a

night for each additional soldier.

Two shillings and

threepence a day.

Sixpence a day.

Three shillings a

night.

Note .—An officer shall pay for his food.

In the application of this Schedule to the Air Force references

to Air Force Act and airman shall be substituted for references

to Army Act and soldier.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Amendments of Army Act, s, 91.

Throughout the section for the word "asylum " and the

words " an asylum " there shall be substituted the words "mental

hospital " and the words "a mental hospital " respectively.

In subsection (1) for the word "lunacy " there shall be

substituted the words "unsoundness of mind, " and for the word

" lunatic " and the word "lunatics " there shall be substituted

the w6rds " person of unsound mind " and the words "persons

of unsound Blind " respectively.

1931.

37

Army and Air Force (Annual) Ch. 14, 15.

Act, 1931.

In subsection (2) for the word "lunatics " there shall be

substituted the words "persons of unsound mind."

In subsection (3) the word "and " in the last place but one

where that word occurs shall be omitted and at the end of the

subsection there shall be added the words "and the expressions

" ‘ person of unsound mind’and ‘ mental hospital’mean in the

" case of Scotland or Northern Ireland a lunatic and an asylum

" respectively."

In subsection (4) for the words "a lunatic " there shall be

substituted in the first place where those words occur, the words

" a person of unsound mind, " and, in the second and third places

where those words occur, the words "such a person "; and for

the words "such lunatic " and for the words "the lunatic " there

shall be substituted the words "such person " and the words

" the person " respectively.

Amendment of Army Act, s. 130.

In subsection (5) for the words "an asylum " there shall be

substituted the words "a mental hospital."

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to provide for the reception and detention

of certain persons of unsound mind in the Royal

Naval Hospital at Great Yarmouth and for the

treatment therein of certain voluntary patients;

to prohibit the taking of legal proceedings in

respect of the reception and detention of any

person in the said hospital before the commencement of this Act; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[29th April 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, in

any case where—

(a) it is made to appear to the Admiralty f»y the

separate certificates of two registered medical

2nd Soh.

— r.nn.t.

Detention

of certain

persons of

unsound

mind in the

38

Royal

Naval

Hospital

at Great

Yarmouth.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 23.

Ch. 15. Yarmouth Naval Hospital 21 Geo'. 5.

Act, 1931.

practitioners that any such person as is mentioned in the next succeeding subsection is of

unsound mind and a proper person to he taken

charge of and detained as a patient under care

and treatment; or

(b) the Admiralty are satisfied as regards any person

who is detained as a patient in any place under

the provisions of the Lunacy and Mental Treatment Acts, 1890 to 1930, otherwise than as a

voluntary patient or temporary patient within

the meaning of the Mental Treatment Act, 1930,

that either—

(i) he is such a person as is mentioned in

the next succeeding subsection; or

(ii) the cost of his maintenance is defrayed

wholly or in part by the Minister of Pensions

out of moneys provided by Parliament,

the Admiralty may, if they think fit, order that he be

removed to and detained as a patient at the Royal Naval

Hospital at Great Yarmouth (in this Act referred to as

" Yarmouth Hospital ").

(2) The persons referred to in the last preceding

subsection are as follows, that is to say —

(a) commissioned officers, subordinate officers and

warrant officers in the Royal Navy or the Royal

Marines, whether on the active list or not;

(b) persons serving in the Royal Navy or the Royal

Marines, who would, if they were discharged,

be eligible to be awarded a pension for life;

(c) persons serving in the Royal Navy, the Royal

Marines, the Royal Fleet Reserve, the Royal

Naval Reserve or the Royal Naval Volunteer

Reserve, who are, in the opinion of the

Admiralty, suffering from unsoundness of mind

attributable to their service;

(d) persons who, having served in any of the forces

mentioned in the last preceding paragraph,

have been awarded a pension for life and are,

in the opinion of the Admiralty, suffering from

unsoundness of mind attributable to their

service.

1931. Yarmouth Naval Hospital Ch. 15. 39

Act, 1931.

2 . — (1)Except in the case of a person who is serving Provisions

His Majesty, or of a person the cost of whose maintenance as to # deten«

is defrayed wholly or in part by the Minister of Pensions t, on °Mers.

out of moneys provided by Parliament, no order shall be

made under the last preceding section unless it be made

with the consent of the wife of the person concerned, or,

if he has no wife, or if his wife is of unsound mind or is

separated ffom him under the order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or cannot be found, with the consent of

such one of his relations, or, if no adult near relation of

sound mind can be found, with the consent of such one of

his friends, as the Admiralty think best qualified to give

a decision in the matter.

(2) No order shall be made under the last preceding

section with respect to any person who is detained as

a patient in any place under the provisions of the Lunacy

and Mental Treatment Acts, 1890 to 1930, unless it be

made with the consent of the Board of Control.

(3) If in any case where an order has been made

under the last preceding section the wife of the patient,

or, if he has no wife, or if his wife is of unsound mind or

is separated from him under the order of a court of

competent jurisdiction, or cannot be found, such one of

his relations, or, if no adult near relation of sound mind

can be found, such one of his friends, as the Admiralty

think best qualified to give a decision in the matter,

requests at any time that he be no longer detained at

Yarmouth Hospital, the Admiralty shall, unless they

are satisfied by a report from the officer in charge of the

Hospital that that course cannot in the interests of the

patient properly be taken, order him to be discharged.

(4) An order under the last preceding section—

(i) may be made in duplicate or triplicate or in

so many original copies as is necessary or

convenient, and

(ii) shall be sufficient to authorize any officer of

Hus Majesty’s forces or any person authorized

thereto by any such officer to take the person

therein mentioned and deliver him to the

officer in charge of Yarmouth Hospital, and

to authorize the last-mentioned officer and

all persons acting under his orders to receive

and detain the said person in Yarmouth

Hospital until the Admiralty order him* to

be discharged.

40 Ch. 15. Yarmouth Naval Hospital 21 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

i

(5) Where the person to whom an order made under

the last preceding section relates is detained as a patient

in any place under the provisions of the Lunacy and

Mental Treatment Acts, 1890 to 1930—

(i) the order shall not become operative until the

patient is discharged from that place in accordance with the provisions of the said Acts; and

(ii) the manager of the institution, or the medical

officer in charge of the hospital or the master of the workhouse from which, or the person from

whose care, the patient is so discharged, shall,

without any charge, deliver copies of the reception or detention order under which the patient

has been detained and of the documents accompanying that order and of the order for his

discharge to the person receiving the patient,

and that person shall deliver those copies to

the officer in charge of Yarmouth Hospital.

(6) Every person of unsound mind who is at the

commencement of this Act detained at Yarmouth

Hospital shall be deemed to have been detained there

in pursuance of an order made under the last preceding

section.

Reports

as to the

condition

of patients

and

provisions

as to their

discharge.

3.—(1) It shall be the duty of the officer in charge

of Yarmouth Hospital—

(1) to report forthwith to the Admiralty the recovery

of any person who is detained at the Hospital

under the foregoing provisions of this Act and

who is, in the opinion of the officer, no longer

of unsound mind, and

(ii) at the times hereinafter specified to make to the

Admiralty with respect to each person who is

so detained periodical reports of the patient’s

mental and bodily condition and to certify in

each such report whether or not, in the opinion

of the officer, the patient is still of unsound

mind and a proper person to be detained under

care and treatment,

and the Admiralty shall forthwith take every such report

into consideration.

(2) The Admiralty may at any time order that any

person who is detained at Yarmouth Hospital under the

foregoing provisions of this Act shall be discharged from

19*1.

Yarmouth Naval Hospital

Act, 1931.

Ch. 15.

41

the Hospital, and they shall forthwith order the discharge therefrom of any such person whose recovery is

reported to them in accordance with the provisions of the preceding subsection.

(3) The periodical reports referred to in subsection

(1) of this section shall be made—-

(i) within the month immediately preceding the

* expiration of each of the following periods, that

is to say, one year, two years, four years .and

seven years, reckoned in each case from the

appropriate day; and

(ii) thereafter within the month immediately preceding the expiration of every period of five

years subsequent to the expiration of the said

period of seven years.

In this subsection the expression "the appropriate

day " means—

(i) in relation to a person who was detained in the

Hospital at the commencement of this Act,

the date at which he was received into the

Hospital:

(ii) in relation to a person who was received into

the Hospital after the commencement of this Act and who was immediately before being so

received detained in any place as a patient

under the provisions of the Lunacy and Mental

Treatment Acts, 1890 to 1930, the date of the

order under which he was so detained:

(iii) in any other case, the date of the order of the

Admiralty under which he was received into

Yarmouth Hospital.

(4) Section three of the Naval Enlistment Act, 188 1 47 & 48Viot

(which as amended by subsequent enactments empowers e - 46.

the Admiralty to send discharged seamen of unsound

mind to certain institutions), shall app’y as well to

persons who, having been detained at Yarmouth Hospital

in pursuance of an order made under the foregoing

provisions of this Act, are discharged therefrom (including

persons discharged therefrom at the request of their

wives, relatives or friends) as to persons discharged from

the naval service of His Majesty.

42

Absence

on leave,

escape an<r

recapture.

Voluntary

patients.

Deductions

from pay or

pension in

certain

cases.

Ch. 15. Yarmouth Naval Hospital 21 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

4. —(l) The officer in charge of Yarmouth Hospital

may grant permission to any person detained thereat to

be absent therefrom for such period as he thinks fit, but

he may at any time require a person to whom such

permission has been granted to return forthwith to the

Hospital.

(2) If any person detained at Yarmouth Hospital

escapes or, having been given permission to be absent

from the Hospital, fails to return at the expiration of the period for which the permission was given or when

required so to do by the officer in charge of the Hospital,

he may at any time within fourteen days after his escape

or, as the case may be, the expiration of the period for

which the permission was given or the date on which he

has been required to return, and without any fresh

certificate or order, be retaken by any officer of the

Hospital or any person acting with his written authority.

5. — (1) The Admiralty may, on such terms as to

payment and otherwise as they may think fit, receive

into Yarmouth Hospital as a voluntary patient any such

person as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section one

of this Act, who is desirous of voluntarily submitting

himself to treatment for mental illness and who makes

a written application for the purpose to the Admiralty.

(2) A person so admitted shall be at liberty to

leave Yarmouth Hospital on giving to the officer in

charge of the hospital seventy-two hours notice in

writing of his intention so to do.

(3) If any person so admitted becomes at any time

incapable of expressing himself as willing or unwilling

to continue to receive treatment, he shall not thereafter

be retained as a voluntary patient for a longer period

than twenty-eight days, and shall, if he has not been

previously discharged, be discharged on the expiration

of twenty-eight days from the date on which he became

incapable of so expressing himself, unless in the meantime he has again become capable of so expressing

himself, or steps have been taken to deal with him

under the provisions of section one of this Act.

6. There may be made from any pay or pension

payable to any person detained in Yarmouth Hospital

in pursuance of the provisions of section one of this Act,

not being a person the cost of whose maintenance is

1931,

Yarmouth Naval Hospital

Act, 1931.

Ch. 15.

43

defrayed in whole or in part by the Minister of Pensions

out of moneys provided by Parliament, such deductions

in respect of the cost of his maintenance as the Admiralty

may determine, and, subject to any deduction so made,

that pay or pension, or such part thereof as the Admiralty think fit, may be paid or applied in their discretion

to or for the benefit of his wife, children or other

dependents.

7. Any expenses incurred by the Admiralty under Expenses of this Act in connection with the maintenance of Yarmouth Admiralty.

Hospital and the maintenance and treatment of patients

therein shall, so far as they are not met by deductions

from pay or pensions, or by payments made by or on

behalf of patients, be defrayed out of moneys provided

by Parliament.

8. —(1) Section three hundred and fifteen of the Application

Lunacy Act, 1890 {which forbids the reception and of s - 315 of

detention of persons of unsound mind otherwise than c ° L jggQ C . y

in accordance with the provisions of that Act) shall not j n j e’mn j t y ’

apply and shall be deemed never to have applied so as j n respect

to forbid the reception and detention of persons of of past

unsound mind in Yarmouth Hospital. actions and

(2) No proceedings, civil or criminal, shall be ofpersom

brought against any person in respect of the reception putting

or detention of any person in Yarmouth Hospital before this Act

the commencement of this Act. in force -

(3) Where a person has made, signed or carried 53 &54Viet,

out, or done any act with a view to the making, signing c - 5 -

or canying out of, any order purporting to be an order

made under this Act or has made or signed any report or

certificate purporting to be a report or certificate under

this Act, or has done anything in pursuance of this Act, he shall not be liable to any civil or criminal proceedings, whether on the ground of want of jurisdiction

or on any other ground, unless he has acted in bad

faith or without reasonable care.

(4) No proceedings, civil or criminal, shall be brought

against any person in any court in respect of any such

matter as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection,

without the leave of the High Court, and leave shall not

be given unless the court is satisfied that there is substantial ground for the contention that the person,

against whom it is sought to bring the proceedings* has

acted in bad faith or without reasonable care.

44

Ch. 15.

Yarmouth Naval Hospital

Act, 1931.

21 Gtao. 5.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 61.

Misstatements in

certificates,

&c.

Application

to Scotland

and

Northern

Ireland.

29 & 30 Vict,

c 51.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 38.

(5) Notice of any application under the last preceding subsection shall be given to the person against

whom it is sought to bring the proceedings, and

that person shall be entitled to be heard against the

application.

(6) Where on any such application as aforesaid

leave is given to bring any proceedings, and the proceedings are commenced within four weeks after the

date on which leave was so given, the proceedings shall

for the purposes of the Public Authorities Protection

Act, 1893, be deemed to have been commenced on the

date on which notice of the application was given to the

person against whom the proceedings are to be brought.

9. —(1) Any person who makes a wilful misstatement of any material fact in any medical or other

certificate or in any statement of bodily or mental

condition under this Act shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

(2) A prosecution for an offence under this section

shall not be instituted except by the direction of the

Attorney-General or the Director of Public Prosecutions.

10 . —(1) This Act shall apply to Scotland subject

to the following modifications—

(a) for any reference to the Lunacy and Mental

Treatment Acts, 1890 to 1930, there shall be

substituted a reference to the Lunacy (Scotland)

Acts, 1857 to 1919, and for any reference to the

Board of Control there shall be substituted a

reference to the General Board of Control for

Scotland;

(b) for any reference to a voluntary or temporary

patient within the meaning of the Mental

Treatment Act, 1930, there shall be substituted

a reference to a person received into an asylum

as a voluntary boarder or temporarily, under

section fifteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act,

1866, as amended by section fifty-nine of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland)

Act, 1913, or under the proviso to section

thirteen of the said Act of 1866;

1931..

Yarmouth Naval Hospital

Act, 1931.

Ch. 15.

45

(c) Subsection (4) of section eight of this Act shall

have effect as if any reference to criminal proceedings were omitted therefrom and as if a

reference to the Court of Session were substituted for the reference to the High Court;

(d) Subsection (2) of section nine of this Act shall not apply.

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland subject

to the following modifications—

(a) for any reference to the Board of Control, there

shall be substituted—

(i) in relation to a person detained in

pursuance of a judicial order in lunacy,

a reference to a judge having power to vary

that order;

(ii) in relation to any other person, a

reference to the Ministry of Home Affairs for

Northern Ireland;

(b) for any reference to the Lunacy and Mental

Treatment Acts, 1890 to 1930, there shall be

substituted a reference to the enactments for

the time being in force in Northern Ireland

with respect to persons of unsound mind, not

being criminal lunatics;

(c) for any reference to a voluntary patient or

temporary patient within the meaning of the

Mental Treatment Act, 1930, there shall be

substituted a reference to a person detained as

a voluntary or temporary patient within the

meaning of any such enactment as aforesaid;

(d) for any reference to the Attorney-General or

to the Director of Public Prosecutions there

shall be substituted a reference to the Attorney-

General for Northern Ireland;

(e) in paragraph (i) of subsection (5) of section two,

for the words "in accordance with the pro-

" visions of the said Acts " there shall be

substituted the words "in accordance with the

" consent given under subsection (2) of this

" section, " and in paragraph (ii) of the said

subsection (5), the words "and of the order for

" his discharge " shall be omitted.

11 . This Act may be cited as the Yarmouth Naval Short title

Hospital Act, 1931.

46

Ch. 16.

Ancient Monuments 21 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the Law relating to ancient

monuments.

[11th June 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Schemes for preserving amenities of ancient

monuments.

Schemes for

preserving

amenities of

ancient

monuments.

1.—(1) For the purpose of preserving the amenities

of any ancient monument, the Commissioners may,

subject to the provisions of this section, prepare and

confirm a scheme (hereafter in this Act referred to

as " a preservation scheme ") for any area comprising or

adjacent to the site of the monument, being an area

to which, in the opinion of the Commissioners, it is

necessary or expedient for that purpose that the scheme

should apply.

(2) Every preservation scheme shall define by reference to a map annexed thereto the area to which the

scheme is applicable (hereafter in this Act referred to

as " the controlled area ") and may provide for all or

any of the following matters, that is to say:—

(a) for prohibiting or restricting the construction,

erection or execution of buildings, structures

and other works above ground within the controlled area, or the alteration or extension of

any such buildings, structures or works in such

manner as materially to affect their external

appearance;

(b) for prescribing the position, height, size, design,

materials, colour and screening, and otherwise

regulating the external appearance, of buildings,

structures and other works above ground within

• the controlled area;

1931.

Ancient Monuments

Act, 1931.

Ch. 16.

47

(c) for prohibiting or restricting the felling of trees,

quarrying and excavations within the controlled

area;

(d) /or otherwise restricting the user of land within

the controlled area to such extent as may appear

to the Commissioners to be expedient for

the purpose of preserving the amenities of the

• monument;

(e) for such other matters as appear to the Commissioners to be incidental to or consequential

on the foregoing provisions of this section

or to be necessary for giving effect to those

provisions.

(3) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the confirmation,

variation and revocation of preservation schemes.

(4) Nothing in any preservation scheme shall affect

any building, structure or other work above ground or

any alteration or extension thereof, if it was constructed,

erected or executed before the date when notice of

intention to confirm the scheme was published in the

London Gazette under the First Schedule to this Act, and

for the purpose of this provision a building, structure

or other work and any alteration or extension thereof

shall be deemed to have been constructed, erected or

executed before that date—

(a) if its construction, erection or execution was

begun before that date; or

(b) if and so far as its construction, erection or

execution was necessary for the purpose of

performing a contract made before that date.

(5) Any person whose property is injuriously affected

by the coming into force of a preservation scheme shall

be entitled to obtain compensation in respect thereof

from the Commissioners, subject to the provisions of the

Second Schedule to this Act.

(6) If any person contravenes any provision of a

preservation scheme for the time being in force, he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

48 Ch. 16. Ancient Monuments 21 & "1 2 Ge. 5.

Act, 1931.

twenty pounds for every day on which the contravention occurs or continues.

(7) If, after any person has been convicted of a contravention of a preservation scheme by reason that any

building, structure or other work is not in conformity

with the scheme, the contravention continues after the

expiration of such period as the court before whom

he was convicted may determine, the Commissioners

shall have power to do all such acts as, in their opinion,

are necessary for removing so much of the building,

structure or work as is not in conformity with the

scheme, or for making it conform with the scheme,

and any expenses incurred by the Commissioners in so

doing shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt

from the person convicted.

2.—(1) If it appears to the Commissioners that a

town planning scheme approved after the commencement of this Act under the Town Planning Act, 1925,

has the effect of preserving to the satisfaction of the

Commissioners the amenities of an ancient monument,

the Commissioners may defray, either in whole or in

part, such part of the expenses incurred by any local

authority in connexion with the scheme as, in the

opinion of the Commissioners, is attributable to the

provisions of the scheme having the effect aforesaid.

(2) In this section the expression "local authority "

means a local authority as defined by the Town Planning

Act, 1925, or a county council.

Power of

Commissioners to

contribute

to expenses

of town

planning

schemes.

15 & 16 Geo.

5. c. 16.

Amendments of 3 <£ 4 Geo. 5. c. 32.

Extension

of powers

as respects

maintenance of

ancient

monuments.

3.—(1) The powers conferred by section four of the principal Act upon the Commissioners and upon

local authorities with respect to the maintenance of an

ancient monument of which they are the guardians shall,

except in so far as may be otherwise expressly provided

by the deed constituting the Commissioners or the local

authority guardians of the monument, include power to

do all such things as may be necessary for the maintenance of the monument and for the exercise of proper

control and management with respect thereto by the

Commissioners or authority, and in particular (without

1931;

Ancient Monuments

Act, 1931.

Ch. 16.

49

prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision or

of the provisions of the said section four) power to

make any examination of the monument, and to open

up the monument or make excavations therein for the

purpose of examination or otherwise.

(2) The Commissioners and a local authority shall,

for the purpose of exercising any of their powers under

the said section four in relation to any ancient monument of which they are the guardians, have access to

the monument by any person authorised by them to

act on their behalf as well as by themselves, their

inspectors, agents, and workmen.

(3) The Commissioners may, in connexion with an

ancient monument of which they are not the owners or

guardians, undertake, or assist in, or defray or contribute

towards the cost of, any work, which, if they were the

guardians of the monument, they would be empowered

to do by section four of the principal Act and the

foregoing provisions of this section:

Provided that—

(a) the Commissioners shall not exercise the powers

conferred by this subsection except with the

consent of every person whose consent to the

work would apart from this subsection be

required; and

(b) no expenses shall be incurred by the Commissioners under this subsection in connexion

with any monument which is occupied as

a dwelling-house by any person other than

a person employed as the caretaker thereof or

his family.

4.—(1) Section six of the principal Act shall have

effect in relation to any Preservation Order made after

the commencement of this Act as if for subsection (3)

thereof (which relates to the duration and confirmation

of Preservation Orders) there were substituted the

following subsections, that is to say :—

" (3) On the making of a Preservation Order

" the Commissioners shall cause the Order to be

* published in the London Gazette and a copy of

' the Order to be fixed on some conspicuous part

D

Amendments as to

Preservation Orders,

k

50 Ch. 10. Ancient Monuments 21 &*22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

" of the monument, and shall also cause a cop£

" of the Order, together with a notice stating

" the effect thereof, to be served upon the owner

" and upon the occupier of the monument.

" (3a) If within three months after the pub-

" lication of the Order in the London Gazette any

" person, who appears to the Commissioners to

" have an interest in the monument, gives notice

" in writing to the Commissioners that he objects

" to the Order, the Order shall, if the objection

" is not withdrawn, cease to have effect upon

" the expiration of a period of twenty-one months

" from the making thereof unless it is confirmed

" by Parliament, but in any other case the Order

" shall, without confirmation by Parliament,

" have effect until revoked by an Order made

" by the Commissioners in like manner as the

" original Order.

" (3b) Where under the foregoing provisions

" of this section a Preservation Order ceases to

" have effect by reason of its not being confirmed

" by Parliament, no further Preservation Order

" shall be made in respect of the same monument

" until after the expiration of five years from

" the date on which the former Order ceased to

" have effect."

(2) In subsection (2) of section seven of the principal Act the words "owing to neglect" shall be

substituted for the words "owing to the neglect of the

owner."

Amendment 5, —(1) The Commissioners shall have power under

as to volun- section nine of the principal Act to receive voluntary

tary con- contributions towards the cost of the maintenance and

n utions. preservation of any ancient monument, and to enter

into any agreement with the owner of any such monument or with any other person as to the maintenance

and preservation of the monument and the cost thereof,

notwithstanding that the Commissioners are not the

owners or guardians of the monument.

(2) For the purpose of the said section, references

to the preservation of a monument shall be construed

as including references to the preservation of the

amenities of the monument.

1931

Ancient Monuments

Act, 1931.

Ch. 16.

51

6.—(1) Before including any monument in a list

published under section twelve of the principal Act

after the commencement of this Act, being a monument which was not included in a list published under

that section before the commencement of this Act, the

Commissioners shall, instead of informing the owner as

required by subsection (1) of that section, cause to be

served upon the owner of the monument and upon the

occupier thereof (if any) a notice in writing of their

intention to include the monument in the list.

Amendments as to

lists "of

ancient

monuments.

(2) No person served with a notice under the

last foregoing subsection shall, unless and until the

monument to which the notice relates ceases to be included in any such list as aforesaid, execute or permit to

be executed, except in a case of urgent necessity, any work

for the purpose of demolishing, removing or repairing

any part of the monument, or of making any alterations or additions thereto, until the expiration of

three months after he has given to the Commissioners

notice in writing of his intention to do so, and any

person acting in contravention of the provisions of this

subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to

both.

(3) Where the owner of any monument has been

served with a notice under subsection (1) of this section,

then (subject to the provisions of the Land Charges Act, 15 & 10

1925, as amended by any subsequent enactment and Geo. 5. c 22.

as applied by this Act) every person subsequently becoming the owner of the monument shall, for the purposes

of the last foregoing subsection, be deemed to have

been so served.

(4) Subsection (2) of section twelve of the principal

Act shall cease to have effect, and for the purposes of

subsection (2) of this section the person who, at the

commencement of this Act, is the owner of any monument included in any such list as aforesaid which was

published before the commencement of this Act, and

(subject to the provisions of the Land Charges Act, 1925,

as amended by any subsequent enactment and as

applied by this Act) every person subsequently becoming

the owner of the monument, shall be deemed to have

I) 2

52

Ch. 1C.

Amendment

as to regulations with

respect to

public

access to

monuments.

Ancient Monuments 21 &' 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

been served with a notice under subsection (1) of tins

section.

(5) The Commissioners may at any time cause to

be served upon the occupier of a monument which is

included in any such list as aforesaid, whether published

before or after the commencement of this Act, a notice

in writing that the monument is so included, and after

the service of such a notice upon any such occupier the

provisions of subsection (2) of this section shall apply

with respect to liim as if he had been served with a

notice under subsection (1) of this section.

7 . — (1)The power conferred on the Commissioners

and local authorities by section thirteen of the principal

Act to prescribe regulations under which the public shall

have access to ancient monuments of which the Commissioners or local authorities are the owners or guardians,

shall include power to make such regulations as appear to

the Commissioners or a local authority, as the case

may be, to be necessary for the preservation of the

monument or of any property of the Commissioners or

local authority, or for prohibiting or regulating any

act or thing tending to injury or disfigurement of the

monument or the amenities thereof, and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions,

regulations as to the fees to be charged for admission;

and the Commissioners shall have power to prescribe

such regulations wdth respect to any monument which is

under their control or management, notwithstanding

that they are not the owners or guardians thereof.

(2) If any person contravenes or fails to comply

with any such regulations, he shall be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds or to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month, or to

both, and shall also be liable to pay such sum as the

court before whom he was convicted may order for the

purpose of repairing any damage caused by him.

(3) Regulations made by a local authority under

the said section after the commencement of this Act

shall not take effect unless they are submitted to and

confirmed by the Minister of Health after consultation

with the Commissioners, and the Minister of Health may

confirm any such regulations either with or without

modification.

Ancient Monuments

Act, 1931.

Ch. 16.

53

1931. *

8. The corporation of the Commissioners as Dissolution

incorporated for the purposes of the principal Act by of^pecial

subsection (1) of section twenty of that Act is hereby incofpora-

dissolved, hnd all property, powers, rights and duties ^ssionenT

vested in and exercised and performed by the Commissioners as a corporation incorporated under that

subsection are hereby vested in and may be exercised and

performed by the Commissioners as the corporation

confirmed by the Works and Public Buildings Act, 1874. 37 & 38 Vict.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

9 . — (1)Subject as hereinafter provided, any person Power of

specially authorised in writing in that behalf by the Com- Commis-

missioners, after giving not less than fourteen days’ to

notice in writing to the occupier of his intention so to do £ " upon

and on production of his authority if so required by or

on behalf of the occupier, may enter for the purposes

of investigation at all reasonable times upon any land

which the Commissioners have reason to believe contains

an ancient monument, and may make excavations in the

land for the purposes of examination:

Provided that—

(a) no person shall, under the powers conferred

by this section, enter any dwelling-house or

any building, park, garden, pleasure ground

or other land used for the amenity or

convenience of a dwelling-house except with

the consent of the occupier; and

(b) no excavation shall be made under the said

powers except with the consent of every

person whose consent to the making of the

excavation would, apart from this section,

be required.

(2) If any person wilfully obstructs or hinders any

person duly authorised by the Commissioners in the

exercise of the powers conferred by this section, he

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding five pounds.

10 . — (1)Every document, required or authorised Service of

to be served under section six of the principal Avt, or documents,

under tins Act, upon the owner or occupier of an ancient

54

Ch. 16.

Registration

of land

charges

created with

respect to

ancient

monuments.

Ancient Monuments 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

monument, may be served either by delivering it or

leaving it at the usual or last-known place of abode

of the person on whom it is to be served, or by sending it by post as a registered letter addressed to him

at his last-known place of abode or, if that cannot be

found, by fixing it on some conspicuous part of the

monument.

(2) Any such document may, as the case requires, be

addressed to the " owner " or " occupier " of the monument (describing it) without further name or description.

11. As from the commencement of this Act, the

provisions of the Land Charges Act, 1925, as amended by

any subsequent enactment, shall apply to the following

instruments as if they were local land charges, that is

to say:—

(a) any deed or order, W'hether executed or made

before or after the commencement of this Act,

constituting the Commissioners or a local authority guardians of an ancient monument; and

(b) any preservation scheme or notice of intention

to confirm such a scheme; and

(e) any Preservation Order, whether made before or

after the commencement of this Act; and

(d) any notice served on the owner of a monument,

being a notice of intention to include the

monument in a list published after the commencement of this Act under section twelve of the principal Act, and any entry in a list

published before the commencement of tins Act

under that section, recording the inclusion of a

monument in that list;

and every such instrument shall be registered accordingly

by the proper officer of the council of every county

borough, county district or metropolitan borough comprising any part of the land affected by the instrument

and, in a case where any part of that land is comprised

in the City of London, by the proper officer of the Common

Council:

Provided that nothing in the foregoing provisions

of this section shall operate so as to impose any

obligation to register any such instrument executed,

made or served before the commencement of this Act

1931 *

Ancient Monuments

Act, 1931.

Ch. 16.

55

until the expiration of three years from the commencement of this Act, or so as to discharge a purchaser from

liability in respect of any such instrument which is not

for the time being required to be registered.

12 . The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as Application

amended by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall of Docu-

apply to the Commissioners as if they were mentioned

in the first column of the Schedule to the first- Acta to

mentioned Act, and as if any of the Commissioners or documents

the Secretary to the Commissioners, or any person issued by

authorised to act on behalf of the Secretary, were Commis-

specified in the second column of that Schedule in 3 °^ e ^'yj ot

connexion with the Commissioners, and as if the jj 37 1

regulations referred to in those Acts included any 45 & 40 vict.

document issued by the Commissioners under the principal 0 . 9.

Act or this Act.

Supplemental.

13. All expenses incurred by the Commissioners Expenses of

under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided Commis-

by Parliament. sioners.

14 . No stamp duty shall be chargeable on any Exemption

instrument made by, to, or with the Commissioners for of instru '

the purposes of the principal Act or this Act. ments from

A x x- x stamp duty.

15 . — (1)The definitions contained in section tw enty- Interpreta-

two of the principal Act of the expressions "monument" tion.

and " ancient monument " shall cease to have effect, and

for the purposes of the principal Act and this Act—

(a) the expression "monument " shall include any

building, structure, or other work, whether

above or below the surface of the land, other

than an ecclesiastical building for the time

being used for ecclesiastical purposes, and any

cave or excavation;

(b) the expression "ancient monument " shall

include—

(i) any monument specified in the Schedule

to the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 45 & 46 Vict.

1882; and ' c -73.

(ii) any monument for the time being

specified in a list published under section

twelve of the principal Act; and

56

Ch. 16.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c 32.

Special provisions as

to Scotland.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c 17.

Ancient Monuments 21 &*22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

(iii) any other monument or group of monuments and any part or remains of a monument or group of monuments which in the

opinion of the Commissioners is* of a like

character, or of which the preservation is, in

the opinion of the Commissioners, a matter

of public interest by reason of the historic,

architectural, traditional, artistic or archaeological interest attaching thereto:

and, for the purposes of Parts I. and II. and sections nine

and ten of the principal Act (which relate respectively to

the acquisition of ancient monuments by agreement, to

the guardianship of ancient monuments, to the power to

receive voluntary contributions for maintenance of ancient

monuments and to the transfer of ancient monuments

under guardianship), the expression "ancient monument"

shall include any land comprising or adjacent to an ancient

monument as hereinbefore defined which, in the opinion

of the Commissioners or the local authority, as the case

may be, is reasonably required for the purpose of

maintaining the monument or the amenities thereof,

or for providing or facilitating access thereto, or for

the exercise of proper control or management with

respect thereto.

(2) The provisions of subsection (3) of section four

of the principal Act relating to the matters which

are included in the expressions " maintenance " and

" maintain " shall apply for all the purposes of that Act

and of this Act.

(3) For the purposes of this Act and of section six

and subsection (3) of section fourteen of the principal

Act, the expression "owner " in relation to a monument

shall mean any person (other than a mortgagee not in

possession) entitled (either with or without the consent of any other person) to dispose of the fee simple of the

site of the monument.

(4) In this Act the expression "the Commissioners "

means the Commissioners of Works, and the expression

" the principal Act" means the Ancient Monuments

Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913.

16 .—(1)For the purpose of the application of this Act to Scotland, the Secretary of State shall be substituted for the Minister of Health; the Town Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1925, shall be substituted for the Town

1931

Ancient Monuments

Act, 1931.

Ch. 16.

57

Planning Act, 1925; the Edinburgh Gazette shall be

substituted for the London Gazette.

(2) For the purposes of this Act and of section sis

and subsection (3) of section fourteen of the principal

Act the expression "owner " in relation to a monument

situate in Scotland, shall include institute or heir of

entail in possession.

(3) For the purposes of the principal Act the

expression " freehold or copyhold land, " in relation to

land in Scotland, means land held in fee simple.

(4) In the application to Scotland of section two

of this Act the expression "local authority" means a

local authority for the purposes of the Town Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1925, as amended by the Local Govern- 19 & 20

ment (Scotland) Act, 1929.

Geo. 5 c. 25.

(5) Section eleven of this Act shall not apply in

relation to an ancient monument situated in Scotland or

to a preservation scheme for an area in Scotland, but it

shall be competent to register in the appropriate register

of sasines any of the following instruments relating

to any such monument which is heritable or to any

such area, that is to say—

(a) any deed or order whether executed or made

before or after the commencement of this Act

constituting the Commissioners or a local

authority the guardians of the monument; or

(b) any preservation scheme or notice of intention

to confirm such a scheme; or

(c) any Preservation Order, whether made before or

after the commencement of this Act; or

(cl) a certificate by the Commissioners

(i) of the inclusion of the monument in a

list published before the commencement of this Act under section tw T elve of the principal

Act; or

(ii) of the service on the owner of the

monument of a notice of intention to include

the monument in such a list published after

the commencement of this Act; or

(e) any deed or order revoking or cancelling* any

such instrument as aforesaid, or a copy of such

58

Ch. 16.

Ancient Monuments 21 & 22 G bo. 5.

Act, 1931.

deed or order certified by the Commissioners,

or a certificate by the Commissioners that any

such instrument has ceased to have effect.

(6) Any such instrument as is mentioned in the

preceding subsection shall, whether registered in pursuance of the said subsection or not, be binding on any

subsequent owner of the monument or of land in the

area to which a preservation scheme applies, and the

provisions of the principal Act and of this Act shall

apply to such subsequent owner in like manner in

all respects as if he had been the owner at the time

when the instrument was executed or made.

(7) In the application to Scotland of section six

of this Act, any reference to the provisions of the Land

Charges Act, 1925, shall not apply.

(8) Subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the

principal Act (which requires duplicates of reports made

to the Commissioners to be forw r arded to the Board of

Trustees for National Galleries in Scotland) shall cease

to have effect, and subsection (2) of the said section shall

have effect as if the words "Royal or Parliamentary "

were omitted therefrom.

ishort title, 17 . — (1)This Act may be cited as the Ancient

construe- Monuments Act, 1931, and the principal Act and this

tion, repeal Act may be cited together as the Ancient Monuments

and extent. A cts, 1913 and 1931>

(2) Except w'here the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the principal Act shall be construed as references to that Act as amended by this Act,

and this Act shall be construed as one with the principal

Act.

(3) The provisions of the principal Act specified in

the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1931 *

Ancient Monuments

Act, 1931.

Ch. 16.

59

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Confirmation, Variation and Section l.

Revocation of Preservation Schemes.

1. Before confirming a preservation scheme (hereafter in

this Schedule referred to as a " scheme "), the Commissioners

shall cause to be published in the London Gazette, and in such

other manner as they think best for informing persons affected,

notice of their intention to confirm the scheme, of the place

where copies thereof may be inspected, and of the time (which

shall not be less than three months) within which and the

manner in which representations with respect to the scheme

may be made, and shall cause such notice as aforesaid to be

given to every local authority whose area comprises any part

of the controlled area.

2. Any person affected by the scheme may, within the time

appointed under the last foregoing paragraph for making

representations, send to the Commissioners written objection

to the scheme stating the specific grounds of objection and the

specific modifications required.

3. The Commissioners, after considering any representations

and objections duly made with respect to a scheme, and after

consulting the Minister of Health and the Minister of Transport,

may by order confirm the scheme either with or without

modifications:

Provided that—

(a) where an objection has been duly made to the scheme

by any person appearing to the Commissioners to be

affected thereby and has not been withdrawn, the

Commissioners, unless they consider the objection to

be frivolous or have modified the scheme as required

by the objection, shall, before confirming the scheme,

direct a public inquiry to be held as hereinafter

provided and consider the report of the person who

held the inquiry; and

(b) a scheme as so confirmed shall not apply to any area

to which it would not have applied if it had been

confirmed without modification.

4. Any inquiry under this Schedule shall be held in accordance with rules made by the Commissioners for the purpose, and

such rules may contain provisions as to the costs of the inquiry.

60

Ch. 16.

1st Sen

— cont.

Section 1.

Ancient Monuments 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

5. A scheme when so confirmed shall come into force on such

date as may be specified in the order confirming it.

6. A scheme may be varied or revoked by a, subsequent

scheme, and the Commissioners may, after consulting the Minister of Health, by order revoke a scheme if they think

in the circumstances that the scheme ought to be revoked.

7. As soon as practicable after the making of an order

under this Schedule confirming or revoking a scheme, the

order shall be published in the London Gazette, and in such

other manner as the Commissioners think best for informing

persons affected, and a copy of the order shall be sent to every

local authority whose area comprises any part of the controlled

area.

8. In this Schedule the expression "local authority " means,

in England, the council of a county, county borough, county

district or metropolitan borough or the Common Council of the

City of London or, in Scotland, any county or town council.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Compensation.

1. No person shall be entitled to compensation in respect of

a preservation scheme unless within three months from the date

on which the scheme comes into force, or within such further

time as the Commissioners may in special circumstances allow,

he makes a claim for the purpose in such manner as the Commissioners may by regulations prescribe.

2. A person shall not be entitled to compensation by reason

of the fact that any act or thing done or caused to be done by

him has been rendered abortive by a preservation scheme, if or

so far as the act or thing was done after the date on which the

Commissioners published in the London Gazette notice of their

intention to confirm the scheme, or by reason of the fact that

the performance of any contract made by him after that date is

prohibited by the scheme.

3. Where any provision of a preservation scheme was,

immediately before the scheme came into force, already in force

by virtue of this or any other Act, no compensation shall be

payable by reason of any property being injuriously affected by

that provision of the preservation scheme if compensation has

been paid, or could have been claimed, or w as not payable, by

reason of that property having been injuriously affected by the

provision already in force.

1931*. Ancient Monuments Ch. 16.

Act, 1931.

4. Where any provision of a preservation scheme could,

immediately before the scheme came into force, have been

validly included in a scheme, order, regulation or byelaw by

virtue of any other Act, then—

(a) if no compensation would have been payable by reason

of the inclusion of that provision in shat scheme, order,

regulation or byelaw, no compensation shall be payable

in respect of that provision of the preservation scheme;

and

(b) if compensation would have been so payable, the

compensation payable in respect of that provision of the preservation scheme shall not be greater than the

compensation which would have been so payable.

5. Any dispute as to whether any property is injuriously

affected by a preservation scheme, or as to the amount of the

sum which is to be paid as compensation in respect of such a

scheme, shall be determined by arbitration under and in accordance with the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation)

Act, 1919.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Principal Act repealed.

In subsection (3) of section four the words "in this

section."

In subsection (1) of section twelve, the words from " and

the Commissioners " to the end of the subsection, and subsection (2) of that section.

Section nineteen.

In section twenty the words u shall be a body corporate by

" that name and shall have perpetual succession and a common

" seal, and"

Section twenty-two.

Subsection (1) of section twenty-three, and in subsection (2).

of that section the words "Royal or Parliamentary."

61

2nd Sen.

— corit .

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

o. 67.

Section 17.

02 Ch. 17. Local Authorities (Publicity) 21 &*22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to confer upon local authorities powers

for promoting the publicity throughout the

world of the amenities and advantages of the

British Isles.

[11th June 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power to 1 . — (1)Subject to the provisions of this Act, any

contribute local authority in Great Britain may contribute to any

toorganisa- organisation, approved in England and Wales by the

making 1 Minister of Health and in Scotland by the Secretary of

known the State, established for collecting and collating information

amenities of in regard to the amenities and advantages of the British

the British Isles or any part thereof, whether commercial, historical,

scenic, recreational, curative or climatic, and for disseminating that information outside the British Isles:

Provided that the expenditure of any local authority

under this Act shall not, in any one year, exceed the

amount which would be produced by a rate of one halfpenny in the pound levied on the rateable value of the

area of the authority.

(2) In this Act the expression "local authority "

means the council of any borough (including a metropolitan borough) and of any urban district, and in Scotland

means a town council.

(3) The expenditure incurred by a local authority

under this Act shall be defrayed as expenditure incurred

in the execution of the Public Health Act, 1875, or of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, as the case may

be, and in Scotland shall be defrayed out of such rate

leviable by the local authority and payable by owners

and occupiers in equal proportions as the authority may

determine.

[Short title.] 2. This Act may be cited as the Local Authorities

(Publicity) Act, 1931.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 55.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 76.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1931.

Ch. 18.

03

1931 *

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend subsection (4) of section nine of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925.

[11th June 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.-—(1) Subsection (4) of section nine of the Amendment

Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, is hereby repealed, of 15 & 16

and the following subsection shall be substituted Geo. 5. c. 84.

therefor:— 8 ' '

" (4) If a workman who has so far recovered

from the injury as to be fit for employment of a

certain kind has failed to obtain employment and

it appears to the county court judge either—

(i) that, having regard to all the circumstances,

it is probable that the workman would,

but for the continuing effects of the injury,

be able to obtain work in the same grade

in the same class of employment as before

the accident; or

(ii) that his failure to obtain employment is a

consequence, wholly or mainly, of the

injury,

the judge shall order that the workman’s incapacity shall be treated as total ihcapacity resulting

from the injury for such period, and subject to

such conditions, as maybe provided by the order,

without prejudice, however, to the right of review

conferred by this Act:

Provided that—

(i) no order shall be made under this subsection if it appears to the judge that

the workman has not taken all reasonable

steps to obtain employment; and

64

Cn. IS, 19. Workmen's Compensation 21 &~22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

Short title.

(ii) every such order shall be made suoject

to the condition that it shall cease to

be in force if the workman receives

unemployment benefit." *

(2) As from the passing of this Act the provisions

of the subsection so substituted as aforesaid shall apply

in any case where the accident happened on or after the

first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-four,

and an application for weekly payments to be reviewed

in accordance with those provisions may be made, notwithstanding that there has not been any change in the

condition of the workman or any change of circumstances

other than the passing of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1931, and the Workmen’s Compensation

Acts, 1925 to 1930, and this Act may be cited together

as the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1931.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend section one of the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions

Act, 1929, so as to define for the purposes of the

said section one the meaning of the expression

" normal occupation, " and so as to entitle

to widows’ pensions the widows of men who

attained the age of seventy on or before the

fifteenth day of July, nineteen hundred and

twelve, and died on or after the fourth day of

January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and

whose normal occupation was at some time

within three years before the date on which

they attained the said age of a certain

kind; and for purposes consequential upon the

purposes aforesaid.

[11th June 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

«by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

1931/

Widows', Orphans' and Cxi. 19. G5

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1931.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.— (1) Section one of the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Amend-

Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1929, shall be amended meats in

as follows:— 1

c «—0 Ou iLi L

(a) After subsection (4) thereof there shall be added Ac. 10.

the following subsection :—

" (5) A man who was at the commencement

of the period of three years immediately

preceding his death, or, if he lived to attain

the age of seventy, at the commencement

of the period of three 3 T ears immediately

preceding the date on which he attained that

age, either—

(a) incapable of work by reason of some

specific disease or bodily or mental

disablement; or

(b) available for but unable to obtain such

employment as is hereinafter mentioned;

shall, if, when he became incapable of work or

ceased to be employed, his normal occupation

or, in the case of a man having more than one

normal occupation, any one of his normal

occupations, was employment in respect of

which contributions under the principal Act

would have been payable if that Act had

been in force at that time, be deemed to be a

man whose normal occupation was at some

time during the said period such employment

as aforesaid."

(b) For paragraph (c) of subsection (1) thereof

there shall be substituted the following

paragraphs :—

" (c) who having attained the age of seventy

after the fifteenth day of July, nineteen

hundred and twelve, and before the fourth day

of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six,

died on or after the latter date and was at

the time of his death or would, if he had

survived the second day of July, nineteen

hundred and twenty-six, have been, entitled

E

GO

Ch. 19.

Short title,

construction,

citation and

extent.

iriV7o?r.?’, Orphans' and 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1931.

to an old age pension under the Old Age

Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924, l»y virtue of

section twenty of the principal Act; or

(d) who having attained the age of seventy

on or before the fifteenth day of July, nineteen

hundred and twelve, died on or after the

fourth day of January, nineteen hundred and

twenty-six, and as respects whom it is shown

that his normal occupation was at some time

within three years before the date on which

he attained the said age, employment in

respect of which contributions under the

principal Act would have been payable if

that Act had been in force at that time:"

(c) In proviso (ii) of subsection (1) thereof, for the

words " or paragraph (c) " there shall be

substituted the words "paragraph (c) or paragraph (<7)."

(2) This Act shall be deemed to have had effect as

from the second day of January, nineteen hundred and

thirty, and awards of pensions shall be made accordingly,

and awards may be made by virtue of this subsection

on claims made before the date of the commencement

of this Act and notwithstanding that the claims were

rejected before that date.

(3) Any sums which arc payable by virtue of this Act on account of old age pensions payable under the

Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924, shall be paid out of

moneys provided by Parliament.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1931,

and shall be construed as one with the Widows’, Orphans ’

and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, 1925 and 1929,

and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as

the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory

Pensions Acts, 1925 to 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1031?

Post Office and Telegraph

(Money) Art, 1931.

Ch. 20.

07

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to provide for raising further money for

the development of the postal, telegraphic and

telephonic systems.

[11th June 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Without prejudice to the exercise of any

powers previously given for the like purpose, the

Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof

such sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of

thirty-two million pounds, as may be required by

Grant for

development of

postal, telegraphic and

telephonic

systems.

the Postmaster-General for developing, according to

estimates approved by the Treasury, the postal, telegraphic and telephonic systems.

(2) The Treasury may, if they think fit, for the

purpose of providing money for sums so authorised to

be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or for repaying

to that fund all or any part of the sums so issued,

borrow by means of terminable annuities for a term

not exceeding twenty years, and all sums so borrowed

shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) The said annuities shall be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament for the service of the Post

Office, and if those moneys are insufficient shall be

charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund, or

the growing produce thereof.

(4) The Treasury may also, if they think fit, for

the same purpose borrow money by means of the issue

of Exchequer Bonds, and the Capital Expenditure

(Money) Act, 1904, shall have effect as if this Act had

been in force at the time of the passing of that Act.

(5) Section five of the Telephone Transfer Act,

1911 (which relates to audit), shall have effect as if this Act were included amongst the Acts therein mentioned.

2. This Act maybe cited as the Post Office .and Short title.

Telegraph (Money) Act, 1931.

4 Echv. 7.

c. 21.

1 & 2 Geo. 5

c. 20.

6S

Amendment

of s. 1 (2)

(c) of

16 & 17

Geo. 5 e. 62

Short title.

Cir. 21, 22. Palestine and. East 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Africa Loans (Amendment) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend subsection (2) of section one of the Palestine and East Africa Loans Act, 1926.

[11th June 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section one

of the Palestine and East Africa Loans Act, 1926 (which

requires the principal and interest of a loan which is to

be guaranteed under the said Act and the sinking fund

payments to be made in connection therewith to be

charged on certain revenues and assets with priority

over any charges not existing at the date of the passing

of the said Act) shall have effect as if there were inserted

therein after the words "passing of this Act" the

Avords " other than charges in respect of loans previously

guaranteed under this Act

2. This Act may be cited as the Palestine and East

Africa Loans (Amendment) Act, 1931, and the Palestine

and East Africa Loans Act, 1926, and this Act may be

cited together as the Palestine and East Africa Loans

Acts, 1926 and 1931.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to make provision for the extension of the

time within which applications for assistance

under the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926,

may be received by local authorities.

[8th July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

* by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Ch. 22, 23.

(39

1931 Housing (Rural

Workers) Amendment Act, 1931.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) Subsection (2) of section two of the Housing

(Rural Workers) Act, 192(3 (which relates to the power of

local authorities to make grants or loans under the said

Act), shall have effect as if the first day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-six, were therein substituted for

the first day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-one,

and section four of the said Act (which relates to the

Government contributions to expenses of local authorities

under the said Act) shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Subject to the provisions of any amending scheme

made by a local authority with the approval of the Minister any reference in a scheme under the said Act to

any date in the year nineteen hundred and thirty-one

shall be construed as a reference to the corresponding

date in the year nineteen hundred and thirty-six.

2. This Act may be cited as the Housing (Rural

Workers) Amendment Act, 1931, and shall be construed

as one with the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926, and

that Act and this Act may be cited together as the

Housing (Rural Workers) Acts, 1926 and 1931.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to extend the period during which payments are to be made to the fund constituted

under section twenty of the Mining Industry

Act, 1920.

[8th July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

►Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The period during which payments are to be

made to the fund constituted under section twenty of the Mining Industry Act, 1920, shall be extended by

five years, and, accordingly, that section (as amended

by the Mining Industry (Welfare Fund) Act, 1925) <chall

have effect as if in subsection (2) thereof, for the words

Extension

of time for

applying for

assistance

under s. 2 of

1G & 17

Geo. 5. c. 5G.

Title and

construction.

Continuance

of payments

into welfare

fund

1 «> & 11

Geo. 5. c. J50.

!•"» & 11 }

Geo. D. c. 80.

Short title

and extent.

Sentence of

death not to

he passed

on pregnant

woman.

Procedure

where.

woman convicted of

capital

ollcneo

alleges she

is pregnant.

Cn. 23, 24. Mining Industry 21 &*22 C^o. 5.

(Welfare Fund) Act, 1931.

" ten years " there were substituted the words "fifteen

v

years."

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Mining

Industry (Welfare Fund) Act, 1931, and this Act and

the Mining Industry Acts, 1920 and 1925, may be cited

together as the Mining Industry Acts, 1920 to 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to prohibit the passing of the sentence of

death upon expectant mothers, and for other

purposes connected therewith.

[8th July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Where a woman convicted of an offence

punishable with death is found in accordance with the

provisions of this Act to be pregnant, the sentence to

be passed on her shall be a sentence of penal servitude

for life instead of sentence of death.

2.—(1) Where a woman convicted of an offence

punishable with death alleges that she is pregnant, or

where the court before whom a woman is so convicted

thinks fit so to order, the question whether or not the

woman is pregnant shall, before sentence is passed on

her, be determined by a jury.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this subsection,

the said jury shall be the trial jury, that is to say the

jury to whom she was given in charge to be tried for

the offence, and the members of the jury need not be

resworn:

Provided that

(a) if any member of the trial jury, either before

or after the conviction, dies or is discharged

by the court as being through illness incapable

of continuing to act or for any other cause,

1931* lenience of Death Ch. 24, 25. 71

(Expectant Mothers) Act, 1931.

the inquiry as to whether or not the woman

is pregnant shall proceed without him; and

(b) where there is no trial jury, or where a jury

have di sagreed as to whether the woman is

or is not pregnant, or have been discharged by

the court without giving a verdict on that question, the jury shall be constituted as if to try

whether or not she was lit to plead, and shall

be sworn in such manner as the court may

direct.

(3) The question whether the woman is pregnant

or not shall be determined by the jury on such evidence

as may be laid before them either on the part of the

woman or on the part of the Crown, and the jury shall

find that the woman is not pregnant unless it is proved

affirmatively to their satisfaction that she is pregnant.

(4) Where on proceedings under this section the

jury find that the woman in question is not pregnant,

the woman may appeal under the Criminal Appeal Act, 7 Edw. 7.

1907, to the Court of Criminal Appeal, and that Court, c> 23 -

if satisfied that for any reason the finding should be set

aside, shall quash the sentence passed on her and instead

thereof pass on her a sentence of penal servitude for life.

(5) The rights conferred by this section on a woman

convicted of an olfence punishable with death shall be

in substitution for the right of such a woman to

allege in stay of execution that she is quick with child

and the last-mentioned right shall cease as from the

commencement of this Act.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Sentence of .Short title

Death (Expectant Mothers) Act, 1931. ail <l extent,

(2) This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to raise to one hundred and fifteen million

pounds the limit on the amount of the advances

by the Treasury to the Unemployment Fund

which may be outstanding during the deficiency

period, to amend subsection (2) of section

n

Increase of

limit of

Treasury

advances.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 1.

Further

amendment

of s. 14 (2)

of 17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 30.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. c. IP.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 10.

Cji. 25. U nemployment Insurance 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

{No. 2) Act, 1931.

fourteen of the Unemployment Insurance Act ’

1927, by further extending to forty-eight months

the period of twelve months therein mentioned,

and to make provision for certain other matters

in connection with the extension aforesaid.

[8th July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The limit on the amount of the advances to be

made by the Treasury to the Unemployment Fund under

section five of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1921,

as amended by subsequent enactments, which may be

outstanding during the deficiency period, shall be raised

to one hundred and fifteen million pounds.

2. — (1) The period of twelve months mentioned

in subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927, which was extended by the

Unemployment Insurance (Transitional Provisions

Amendment Act, 1929, to twenty-four months, by the

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1930, to thirty-six

months, and by the Unemployment Insurance Act,

1931, to forty-two months, shall be further extended

to forty-eight months and the said subsection shall

have effect accordingly.

(2) There shall be paid into the unemployment

fund out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) such amounts as may be determined by the Minister of Labour, with the concurrence of the Treasury, to be approximately equivalent

to the aggregate amount of the sums which are

from time to time paid by way of benefit under

the said subsection (2) as extended by this

section; and

(b) an amount approximately equivalent to the

expenses incurred by the Minister of Labour in

administering the benefit aforesaid.

3) The amounts paid into the unemployment fund

under subsection (2) of this section shall not be treated

193 k

73

Unemployment Insurance Cn. 25, 20.

(No. 2) Act, 1931.

as receipts paid into that fund within the meaning of the proviso to subsection (3) of section twelve of the

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920, and the maximum lo & n

sum applicable under the said proviso as an appropriation Geo. 5. c. 30

in aid shall be increased by a sum equal to the amount

paid into the unemployment fund under paragraph (b)

of the said subsection (2).

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Unemployment Short title

Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1931, and this Act shall be and extent

included among the Acts which may be cited together

as the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee a

loan to be raised by the Government of Mauritius, and the maldng of advances out of moneys

provided by Parliament for the payment of the

annual charges in respect of the loan for a

limited period.

[8th July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Treasury may, subject to the provisions Guarantee

of this Act, guarantee in such manner and on such of Mauritius

conditions as they think fit the payment of the principal 1, lan -

of and the interest on any loan raised by the Government

of Mauritius for the purposes set out in the Schedule to

this Act:

Pro\ided that the amount of the principal of the

loan to be guaranteed under this Act shall not exceed

an amount sufficient to raise seven hundred and fifty

thousand pounds.

(Ju. 20.

21 & 22 Gmi. 5.

2Iauritius Loan,

(Guarantee) Act, 1931.

(2) A guarantee shall not he given under this Ac£

until the Government of Mauritius has provided to the

satisfaction of the Treasury and the Secretary of State—

(a) For raising, appropriating, and duly applying

the loan for the purposes and in the manner

set out in the Schedule to this Act, subject to

any arrangements which may be made in

accordance with the provisions of the next

succeeding subsection for the application of

savings on one head of expenditure under the

said Schedule to another head of expenditure

thereunder:

(b) For the establishment and regulation of one or

more sinking funds for the purpose of the

repayment of the principal of the loan or any

instalment thereof within a period not exceeding

forty years from the date on which the loan or

instalment is actually raised and for the management of the sinking funds by trustees to be

nominated by the Treasury:

(c) For charging on the general revenues and assets

of Mauritius or on any other revenues or assets

which may be made available for the purpose,

with priority over any charges not existing at

the date of the passing of this Act, the principal

and interest of the loan and the payments to be

made to the sinking funds to be established as

aforesaid:

(d) For charging on the general revenues and assets

of Mauritius immediately after the last mentioned charge the repayment to the Treasury of

any sum issued in pursuance of this Act out of the Consolidated Fund on account of the

guarantee under this Act with interest on the

said sum at such rate as the Treasury may

lix:

(e) For raising, or securing the raising of, sufficient

money to meet the above charges:

Fro\ ided that the Treasury shall not be precluded

from giving a guarantee under this Act by reason only

that it appears that the Government of Mauritius may

193 li Mauritius Loan Ch. 2G. 75

(' Guarantee) Act, 1931.

not be in a position to meet, as and when they fall due,

the annual charges in respect of the loan for any of the •

first five years of the currency of the loan.

(3) An arrangement under this section for the

application of savings under one head of expenditure

under the Schedule to this Act to another head of expenditure thereunder shall require the assent of the Treasury

and of the Secretary of State, and no such arrangement

shall provide for the application to the second head

of expenditure in that Schedule of any savings under

the first or third heads of expenditure thereunder.

(4) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling

any guarantee given under this Act shall be charged on

and issued out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing

produce thereof, and any sums received by way of the

repayment of any sums so issued shall be paid into the

Exchequer.

(5) The Treasury shall lay before both Houses of

Parliament a statement of any guarantee given under

this Act and an account of any sums issued out of the

Consolidated Fund for the purpose of any such guarantee

as soon as may be after the guarantee is given or the

sums are issued.

(0) The (Secretary of State shall satisfy himself that

fair conditions of labour are observed in the execution

of all works carried out under any loan raised in

pursuance of this Act.

2. Advances may be made out of moneys provided Power to

by Parliament for the payment of such part, if any, of make ad-

the annual charges in respect of a loan guaranteed under ances to

this Act for any of the first five years of the currency 0 f 'Mauritius

of the loan as, in the opinion of the Treasury and the in respect of

Secretary of State, the Government of Mauritius are loan

not hi a position to meet, as and when those charges charges,

fall due.

3. This Act may be cited as the Mauritius Loan short title.

(Guarantee) Act, 1931.

76 Ch. 26, 27. Mauritius Loan 21 & # 22 UfiO. 5.

(Guarantee) Act, 1031.

SCHEDULE.

Purposes of Loan.

1. Tins repair and replacement of Government £

property damaged by the hurricane which took

place in the month of March, nineteen hunched

and thirty-one ---- 73,000

2. The making of loans to planters or other persons

to defray their expenditure in repairing or rebuilding property or in cultivating their land,

being expenditure necessitated by damage

caused by the said hurricane - - 300,000

3. Public works and any purposes incidental to or

connected with any of the purposes mentioned

in this Schedule, including the defraying of the

expenses of raising the loan - - 175,000

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to remove for a period not exceeding one

year the limitation upon the number of days on

which the hours of employment below ground

in coal mines may be extended under section

three of the Coal Mines Ptegulation Act, 1908;

to restrict the duration of such extensions to

half an hour on any one day, and to provide

for the maintenance during the period aforesaid of minimum percentage additions to basis

rates of wages and of subsistence rates of wages.

[8th July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as f< dlows :—

Temporary 1 . During the continuance of this Act, section three

amendment of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908, shall have effect

of 8 E<lw. 7, as jf the words "on not more than sixty days in any

c. 57, s. 3 calendar year, " and subsection (2) thereof, were omitted

1931*.

Coal Mines Act, 1931.

Ch. 27.

77

jiherefrom, and as if for the words "one hour " there

were therein substituted the words "bait' an hour."

2.—(1) During the continuance of this Act, the Calculation

minimum percentage additions to basis rates of wages of wages,

and the subsistence wage rates in every district shall not

be less than those in force in that district at the appointed

day, and it shall be a term of every contract for the

employment of a workman whose wages are determined

by reference thereto that the wages of that workman

shall be calculated accordingly:

Provided that, save as herein expressly provided,

nothing in this section shall prejudice the operation of

any agreement entered into or custom existing before the

commencement of this Act.

(2) In this section the following expressions have the

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is

to say:

" Appointed day, " in relation to any district for

which wages were regulated on the basis of a

daily limit of seven-and-a-half hours work below

ground on the day before the commencement

of this Act, means that day, and, in relation to

any district in which wages were not so regulated, means the first day after the commencement of this Act on which wages are so.

regulated:

" District " has the same meaning as it had for the

purposes of the arrangements for the regulation

of wages in the coal mining industry in force

on the appointed day, so, however, that in

relation to any coal mine or group of coal

mines for which wages were not on that day

regulated by a district agreement this Act shall

have effect as if for references to a district

there were therein substituted references to

that coal mine or group of coal mines:

" Minimum percentage addition " and " subsistence

wage rates " have respectively, in relation to

any district, the same meanings as they had for

the purposes of the arrangements for the regulation of wages in the coal mining industry in

force on the day before the commencement of this Act, or, where no such arrangements were

then in force, for the purposes of the arrangements last in force before that date.

78

Short title,

extent, commencement

and dura- •

ti< >n.

Increase of

customs

duty on

Ch. 27, 28. Coal Mines Act, 1931. 21 &*22 Geo. 5.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Coal Mines

Act, 1931, and the Coal Mines Acts, 1887 to 1930, and this Act may be cited together as the Coal Mines Acts, 1887 to

1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to NortherA Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the eighth

day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-one.

(4) This Act shall continue in force for a period of

one year from the commencement thereof or until

the coming into operation of an Act to enable effect

to be given to the draft international convention limiting

the hours of work underground in coal mines adopted by

the general conference of the International Labour

Organisation of the League of Nations on the eighteenth

day of June, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, whichever

first occurs.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and

Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter

other duties, and to amend the law relating to

Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise)

and the National Debt, and to make further

provision in connection with finance.

[31st July 1931.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies

to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making

an addition to the public revenue, have freely and

voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your

Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and

do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that

it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

1.—(1) As from the twenty-eighth day of April,

nineteen hundred and thirty-one, the rate of the customs

1931?

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

79

luty payable under section two of the Finance Act, 1928,

on hydrocarbon oils shall be increased from fourpence

per gallon to sixpence per gallon.

(2) Tl t e rate of the rebate to be allowed under

subsection (3) of the said section on the delivery for

home consumption of any goods other than light oils

shall be increased from fourpence per gallon to sixpence

per gallon.

2. So long as a mechanically propelled vehicle for

which a licence has been taken out under paragraph 5

of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920, is to a

substantial extent being used for the conveyance of

goods or burden belonging to a particular person

(whether the person keeping the vehicle or not), then,

notwithstanding anything in section fourteen of the

Finance Act, 1922, duty at a higher rate shall not

become chargeable in respect of that vehicle by reason

only that it is used for the conveyance without charge

in the course of their employment of employees of the

person aforesaid.

3. Section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1928 (which

relates to the licence duty on articulated motor vehicles),

shall have effect as if for the words "be treated as if

" they together formed a single vehicle and that vehicle

" were a vehicle used for drawing a trailer, " there were

substituted the words " be treated as if—

(a) the vehicle and trailer together formed a single

vehicle; and

(b) in any case in which the aggregate weight

unladen of the vehicle and trailer exceeds five

tons, the vehicle were a vehicle used for

drawing a trailer."

4. As from the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and thirty-two, the Second Schedule to the

Finance Act, 1920, shall be amended by the substitution

in paragraph 1 thereof of the words

" Bicycles— £ s. d.

(a) If the cylinder capacity of the

engine thereof does not exceed

150 cubic centimetres - 0 15 0

(b) In other cases—

Not exceeding 224 lbs. in W'eight

unladen - - -110 0

Exceeding 224 lbs. in weight

unladen - - - 3 0 0"

Part I.

•— cont.

hydrocarbon oils

18 & 19

Ggo.5. c. 17.

Certain

vehicles not

to become

chargeable

with higher

duty by

being used

for conveyance of

employees.

1 () & 11

Geo. 5. c. 18.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 17.

Amendments of

s. 13 of

18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 17.

Amendment

with respect

to duties

for licences

on motor

bicycles.

80 Cn. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part I. for the words

~ emt - "Bicycles— £ s. d.

Not exceeding 224 lbs. in weight

unladen - - -.1100

Exceeding 224 lbs. in weight unladen - 3 0 0"

Part II.

Income Tax.

Income tax 5. —(1) Income tax for the year 1931-32 shall be

for 1931-32. charged at the standard rate of four shillings and

sixpence in the pound, and, in the case of an individual

whose total income from all sources exceeds two

thousand pounds, at such higher rates in respect of the excess over two thousand pounds as Parliament

may hereafter determine.

(2) All such enactments as had effect with respect

to the income tax charged for the year 1930-31 shall

(subject to such of the provisions contained in the

20 & 21 Einance Act, 1930, with respect to income tax as did

Geo. 5. c. 28. not take effect with respect to the income tax charged

for the year 1930-31) have effect with respect to the

income tax charged for the year 1931-32.

Higher rates

of income

tax for

1930-31.

6. Income tax for the year 1930-31 in respect

of the excess of the total income of an individual over

two thousand pounds shall be charged at rates in the

pound which respectively exceed the standard rate by

the amounts specified in the second column of the

following Table:—

Table.

In respect of the first five hundred

pounds of the excess.

In respect of the next five hundred

pounds of the excess.

In respect of the next one thousand

pounds of the excess.

In respect of the next one thousand

pounds of the excess.

In respect of the next one thousand

pounds of the excess.

One shilling.

One shilling and

threepence.

Two shillings.

Three shillings.

Three shillings

and sixpence.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

81

193f.

In respect of the next two thousand pounds of the excess.

In respect of the next two thousand pounds of the excess.

In respect of the next five thousand pounds of the excess.

In respect of the next five thousand pounds of the excess.

In respect of the next ten thousand

pounds of the excess.

In respect of the next twenty

thousand pounds of the excess.

In respect of the remainder of the

excess.

Four shillings.

Five shillings.

Five shillings

and sixpence.

Six shillings.

Six shillings and

sixpence.

Seven shillings.

Seven shillings

and sixpence.

7. — (1) The provisions of Rule 20 of the General

Rules, which authorise the deduction of the appropriate

tax from any dividend paid by a body of persons, shall, in

relation to a dividend paid by any body of persons,

whether before or after the commencement of this Act, be

construed as authorising the deduction of tax from the

full amount paid out of profits and gains of the said body

which have been charged to tax or which, under the

provisions of the Income Tax Acts, would fall to be

included in computing the liability of the said body to

assessment to tax for any year if the said provisions

required the computation to be made by reference to the

profits and gains of that year and not by reference to

those of any other year or period.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, a dividend paid

by a body of persons, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, shall, to the extent to which it is

paid out of such profits and gains as are mentioned in

subsection (1) of this section, be deemed, for all the

purposes of the Income Tax Acts, to represent income

of such an amount as would, after such deduction of

1 ax as is authorised by the provisions of the said Rule 20,

be equal to the net amount received:

Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall not apply to a preference dividend to which section

twelve of the Finance Act, 1930, applies, and shall have

effect subject to the provisions of subsection (3)* of

that section.

Part II.

—ront,

Construction

of Rule 20

of General

Rules.

F

82

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1931.

Part II.

— cont.

Amendment

as to

payment of

tax by

instalments.

8 & 0 Geo. 5-

c. 40.

Extension

of s. 18 of

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 14

to profits

from business of air

transport.

Charge of

land value

tax.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

8. Subsection (2) of section one hundred and

fifty-seven of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which provides '

that in the cases to which that subsection applies income

tax shall be payable in two equal instalments), shall

have effect as if for the words "two equal instalments,

" the first on or before the first day of January in that

" year, or on such other day as aforesaid, and the second

" on or before the following first day of July " there

were substituted the following words, " two instalments,

" the first, being an amount equal to three-quarters of

" the tax, on or before the first day of January in that

" year, or on such other day as aforesaid, and the second,

" being an amount equal to one quarter of the tax, on

" or before the following first day of July."

9. Section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1923 (which

gives relief from double taxation in the case of profits

arising from the business of shipping), shall apply in

relation to profits or gains arising from the business of

air transport as it applies in relation to profits or gains

arising from the business of shipping, and accordingly

the said section shall have effect as if—

(1) in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) thereof, after

the words "from the business of shipping, "

there were inserted the words "or from the

business of air transport "; and

(2) after the word "ships, " in subsection (4) thereof,

there were inserted the words "and the expres-

" si on ‘ business of air transport’means the

" business carried on by an owner of aircraft."

Part III.

Land Value Tax.

Charge of Tax.

10. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to exemptions, there shall, in respect of all

land in Great Britain, be charged for the financial year

ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred

and thirty-four, and for each subsequent financial year,

a tax (to be called " land value tax " and hereinafter in

this Part of this Act referred to as " the tax ") at the

rate-of one penny for each pound of the land value of

every land unit.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

83

1931. '

Valuation.

11. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section. Part III,

the Commissioners of Inland Revenue (in this Part of this — cont.

Act referred to as " the Commissioners ") shall, as soon Ascertain-

as may be after every valuation date, cause to be of

ascertained, as at that date, the land value of every land

unit, that is to say, the amount which the fee simple

thereof with vacant possession might have been expected

to realise upon a sale in the open market on the valuation

date upon the assumptions that at that date—

(a) there were not upon or in the unit—

(i) any buildings, erections, or works,

except roads, and except works executed for

agricultural purposes, and except any buildings, erections, and works in so far as they are

necessary for the reclamation of land or the

protection thereof from flooding or for maintaining the stability of the unit;

(ii) anything growing on the unit except

grass, and except any heather, gorse, sedge,

or other natural growth, and, in the case of

agricultural land, except also hedges and trees:

(b) the sale price had been computed without taking

into account—

(i) the value of any minerals, as such, or

the value of any mineral wayleaves;

(ii) the felling value of any trees;

(iii) the value of any shooting or fishing

rights;

(iv) the value of any tillages or manure, or

of any improvements specified in paragraphs

(20) to (27) of the First Schedule to the

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, being tillages, 13 & 14

manure or improvements for which any sum Geo. 5. c. 9.

would by law or custom be payable to an

outgoing tenant:

(c) the sale, save as hereinbefore in this section

expressly provided, included all property and

rights which, if the unit had been conveyed at

the valuation date, would, by virtue of subsection (1) of section sixty-two of the Law*of 15 & 16

Property Act, 1925, have been deemed to be Geo. 5. 0 .20.

84

Part III.

— cont.

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

included in the conveyance there being assumed

to be no contrary intention expressed in tile

conveyance:

(d) the unit was free from any incumbrance (not

including tithe, tithe rentcharge, or other

payment in lieu of tithe) except any of the

incumbrances mentioned in the First Schedule

to this Act.

(2) Where at any valuation date any land unit

comprises agricultural land, the Commissioners shall,

in addition to ascertaining the land value of the unit,

cause to be ascertained the cultivation value at that

date of the agricultural land comprised therein, that

is to say, what would have been the land value of the

agricultural land as ascertained in accordance with the

provisions of the last foregoing subsection if—

(a) there had been a restriction imposed by law on

the user of the agricultural land permanently

prohibiting its use for any purposes other than

agricultural purposes of the class or classes for

which it was actually used at the valuation

date; and

(b) it had not been assumed that there were not

upon or in the unit any agricultural cottages

or agricultural buildings used solely in connection with the agricultural purposes of the

class or classes aforesaid.

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, every piece of

land in separate occupation at the valuation date shall,

for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be a land unit:

Provided that—

(a) where two or more parts of a piece of land

(being a piece of land in separate occupation)

are at the valuation date in different ownership, every such part shall be a land unit,

and any such parts shall be deemed to be in

different ownership notwithstanding that they

may be owned by the same person if those

parts are vested in him for different estates

or in different capacities:

* (b) where any building is divided horizontally

and the several divisions are at the valuation

1931.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

85

date in different separate occupations or in

different ownership, none of the divisions shall

he deemed to lie a land unit, but the site of

{he building (with its curtilage) shall be a land

unit, and this Part of this Act shall apply to

every owner of a division as if he were an

owner of that unit:

(c) where in the case of two or more pieces of

land in different separate occupations but

owned by the same owner the Commissioners

are of opinion that a prudent vendor would

sell the pieces of land as one lot, the Commissioners may, if they think fit, treat those

pieces of land as one land unit, and references in this Part of this Act to a land unit

shall have effect accordingly.

(4) The valuation of a land unit under this section shall be made upon the basis that all land not

comprised in the unit (including any minerals or mineral

wayleaves which are excluded from the unit by reason

of their being in separate occupation or ownership) and

everything thereon and therein was in its actual condition

at the valuation date and that all the circumstances

affecting such land and everything thereon and therein

(including circumstances preventing the obstruction of

access of light and air to the unit) were the actual

circumstances at that date:

Provided that the value of a land unit shall not

be deemed to be increased by reason of any other land

unit being subject to any incumbrance from which that

other unit would, under subsection (1) of this section, be

deemed to be free for the purposes of the valuation

thereof.

(5) If the owner of a land unit furnishes to the

Commissioners his estimate of the land value or of the

cultivation value of the unit, the Commissioners shall

consider it in maldng the valuation thereof.

(6) Where the Commissioners are satisfied that at

any valuation date any land unit is exempt from tax

under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to

exemptions, the unit shall not be valued under this

Part of this Act as at that valuation date, but if tax

becomes chargeable in respect of any such land before

Part III.

— cont.

80

Part III,

— cont.

Recording

and registration of

values.

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

the next subsequent valuation date, the Commissioners

shall cause a valuation of the unit in respect of which

tax has become chargeable to be made as at the

date from which the tax became chargeable, and for

the purposes of any such valuation the foregoing

provisions of this section shall have effect as if references

to that date were therein substituted for references to

the valuation date.

12. — (1) The Commissioners shall keep a record

and make therein, in relation to every land unit valued

under this Part of this Act, entries showing—

(a) the description of the unit;

(b) the amount of the land value thereof;

(c) the amount of the cultivation value of any

agricultural land comprised therein.

(2) The Commissioners shall deposit at the offices

of the Common Council of the City of London, and

of the council of every metropolitan borough, county

borough and county district a land values register

being a copy of so much of the entries in the record

kept under the last foregoing subsection as relates to

land wholly or partly comprised in the area of the

council, and the said registers shall be so deposited,

in the case of those relating to the first valuation made

under this Part of this Act, as soon as practicable after

such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council

declare to be the date at which the valuation of all land

in Great Britain has been substantially completed, and

in the case of the registers relating to every subsequent

valuation, on or before the first day of August next after

the valuation date as at which the valuation was made:

Provided that in the event of its being, in the

opinion of the Commissioners, impracticable to include

in a land values register the necessary entries in respect

of any land unit, the register may be deposited with

the omission of those entries.

(3) As respects every land values register to be

deposited in accordance with the provisions of the last

foregoing subsection, the Commissioners shall—

(a) except where the entries in respect of a land unit

are the same as those inserted in the register

relating to the last preceding valuation, serve

" upon the owner of every land unit in respect of

which entries are inserted or proposed to be

1931. Finance Act, 1931. Ch. 28.

inserted in the register, a copy of the entries

in respect of the unit; and

(b) in the ease of a register relating to any valuation, after the first valuation made under this

Part of this Act, publish, in the London Gazette

and in at least one newspaper circulating in the

area to which the register will relate, not less

than one month’s notice that the register is

about to be deposited.

(4) Where, under the foregoing provisions of this

Part of this Act, a land unit is valued as at a date other

than a valuation date, or where a register is deposited

with the omission of entries in respect of any land unit,

the Commissioners shall, as soon as practicable, serve

upon the owner of the unit a copy of the necessary

entries in respect thereof, and cause the entries to be

inserted in the register.

13. —(1) Where it appears to the Commissioners that

on the first day of January in any year of charge any

piece of land valued under this Part of this Act as a

land unit has become divided into two or more parts in

different ownership (not being horizontal divisions of a

building), the Commissioners shall as soon as practicable

cause to be substituted for the entries in respect of the former unit revised entries showing every such

part as a separate land unit, and showing the land

value, and cultivation value if any, shown by the

entries in respect of the former unit, apportioned

as at that first day of January as between the several

parts thereof according to the respective values of

those parts at that date, and thereupon every such

part shall be deemed to be a land unit notwithstanding

that it was not at the valuation date in separate

occupation or different ownership.

(2) The Commissioners shall serve upon the owner

of any such separate unit, a copy of the revised entries

in respect thereof.

14. —(1) If the owner of a land unit objects to the

land value or to the cultivation value shown by the

entries in respect of the unit inserted or proposed to be

inserted in a land values register, or to the omission

from the entries of any cultivation value, then, vfithin

the period hereafter in this section limited, he may

87

Taht III.

-— tout.

Division of

units and

apportionment of

values.

Objections

to and

appeals

from valuations.

88

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part III. give to the Commissioners notice in writing of his,

—cunt. objection stating the grounds thereof, and his estimate

of the land value of the unit, and of the cultivation

value of any agricultural land comprised therein:

Provided that no objection to revised entries in

respect of any land unit which, before the making of the

revised entries, formed part of a former land unit shall

be entertained under this section except upon the ground

that the value or values of the former unit have been

wrongly apportioned by the Commissioners as between

the several parts thereof.

(2) If the owner of two or more pieces of land in

different separate occupations objects to their having

been treated by the Commissioners as one land unit in

accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act

relating to the ascertainment of values, then, within the

period hereafter in this section limited, he may give to

the Commissioners notice in writing of his objection,

stating the grounds thereof.

(3) No such notice of objection as aforesaid shall be

of any effect unless given by the owner within forty-two

days after service upon him of a copy of the entries in

respect of the unit, or, where no such service is required

by this Part of this Act, within sixty days after the first

day of August on or before which the register is so required to be deposited, or, in either case, within such

further time as the Commissioners may, on application

made within the period aforesaid, allow, but upon any

such objection being made to them within the period

limited by this subsection, the Commissioners shall either

cause the entries objected to to be amended in agreement

with the objector or give notice to him of their refusal to

do so:

Provided that as respects a land unit which, during

any part of the period of sixty days next after any such

first day of August as aforesaid is vested in the Probate

15 & 16 Judge under section nine of the Administration of

Geo. 5. C. 23. Estates Act, 1925, the foregoing provisions of this

subsection shall have effect as if for references therein

to that period there were substituted references to the

period of sixty days next after administration is granted.

(4) Within such time, not being less than forty-two

days, as may be prescribed by rules made under this

1031.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

89

section after a notice of refusal has been served upon any

person under the last foregoing subsection, that person

may appeal from the refusal to one of the panel of

referees appointed under Part I of the Finance (1909-10)

Act, 1910, and the decision of the referee shall, subject

as hereinafter provided, be final:

Provided that immediately after the determination

by the referee of an appeal under this subsection any

party to the appeal may, if dis-satisfied with the determination as being erroneous in point of law, declare his

dissatisfaction to the referee who heard the appeal, and

having done so, may, within such time as may be limited

by rules of court, require the referee to state and sign a

case for the opinion thereon of the High Court, or, where

any party so elects and the land value of the unit in respect

of which the dispute arises does not, as shown in the

entries exceed five hundred pounds, of the county court

for the district in which the unit or any part thereof is

situate.

(5) No person other than the Commissioners and

any person who is the owner of land to which the appeal

relates or the personal representatives of any such person

shall be entitled to be a party to any proceedings in

connection with an appeal under this section with respect

to any land, but all proceedings in connection with any such appeal may be commenced or continued by or

against a person upon whom a notice of refusal has been

served under this section or by or against his personal

representatives, notwithstanding that he or they cease

to be owners of the land or of any part thereof.

(6) The Reference Committees for England and

Scotland constituted by section thirty-three of the

Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, shall make rules subject

to the approval of the Treasury for giving effect to the

provisions of this section relating to appeals to a referee,

and such rules shall in particular make provision—

(a) as to the time within which, and the manner in

which, any such appeal is to be made;

(b) as to the manner in which the referee to whom

any such appeal is to be made is to be

selected;

(c) for the joinder as parties to the appeal, of the

Commissioners, the appellant, and any person

Part HI.

— cord.

1U Eflw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5.C.8.

90

Part III.

— rent.

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

who before the hearing of the appeal applies \o

the Commissioners or to the referee to become

a party to the appeal and is at the date of

hearing the owner of any land to, which the

appeal relates;

(d) for limiting the number of expert witnesses who

may be heard to one on each side except where

the referee otherwise determines;

(e) as to the form in which any decision of the referee

is to be given, and as to the amendment of

any such decision in pursuance of any directions

which, on appeal to any court, may be given by

that court.

(7) A referee shall treat any appeal under subsection (1) of this section as an appeal both against the

land value shown in the entries to which the appeal

relates, and against the cultivation value (if any) shown

therein, or against the omission therefrom of any cultivation value, as the ease may be, and may direct the

Commissioners to cause such alterations as he thinks

proper to be made in the entries appealed against,

whether by increase or decrease of any value shown

therein, and whether in conformity with, or adverse

to, the contention of any party to the appeal:

Provided that in the case of an appeal with respect

to revised entries relating to any land unit which,

before the making of the revised entries, formed part of

a former land unit, a referee shall have power only to

apportion the value or values of the former unit as

between the several parts thereof.

(8) A referee may order that the costs of any appeal

to him incurred by any party to the appeal be paid by any

other party thereto, and any such order as to costs shall

have effect as if it were an order of the High Court, save

that it shall not be enforced as such except by leave of

that court or of a judge thereof.

(9) The Reference Committee for England constituted by section thirty-three of the Finance (1909-10)

Act, 1910, shall, in relation to the powers and duties of the Committee under this Part of this Act, consist of

thejpersons mentioned in that section, together with the

President of the Law Society.

1931.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

91

15. —(1) The Commissioners may cause any entries

inserted or proposed to be inserted in a land values

register to be amended at any time before those entries

cease, linger the provisions of the last foregoing section

and of any rules regulating appeals thereunder and proceedings in connection with such appeals, to be subject

to objection and appeal, or, in the case of revised entries

in respect of any part of a former land unit, at any

time before the revised entries in respect of any other

part of the former unit cease, under the said provisions,

to be so subject.

(2) Where the Commissioners direct any entries

to be amended after service of a copy thereof or

after deposit of the register (as the case may be), the

Commissioners shall serve upon the owner of the land

unit to which the amended entries relate (unless the

amendment is made in agreement with him or pursuant

to the decision of a referee or of the court) a copy of the amended entries, and the provisions of this Part of this Act as to objections and appeals from valuations

shall apply accordingly as respects amended entries of

which a copy is required by this subsection to be served.

(3) Every council at whose offices a land values

register is deposited under this Part of this Act shall

keep the register so deposited until notice is received

by them from the Commissioners that it is no

longer necessary to do so, and any such council

shall, when required to do so by the Commissioners,

make such additions thereto and amendments therein

as the Commissioners direct, and shall at all reasonable

times allow any person who is an owner of any land in

respect of which entries are inserted in the register to

inspect the register and take extracts therefrom free of

charge.

16. — (1) For the purpose of the assessment of the

tax, the land value and cultivation value, if any, of a

land unit shall be taken to be respectively the land

value and cultivation value thereof as shown by the

entries in respect of that unit in force on the first day of

January in the year of charge.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, any entries

(including amended or revised entries) in respect of any

land unit of which copies have been served in accordance

with the requirements of this Part of this Act, or, where

Part III,

— cont.

Amendment

and keeping

of registers.

Values in

force for

assessment

of tax.

92

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part III.

— cont.

Person on

whom tax

to be

chargeable.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 90.

32 & 33

Vict. c. 67.

no such service is required by this Part of this Act, -

wlfich are contained in the deposited register relating to

the unit, shall, for the purposes of the last foregoing

subsection, be in force on the first day of January

in every year of charge during the valuation period

in relation to which the entries are made, and notwithstanding that the copies may have been so served

as aforesaid after any such first day of January shall

be deemed to have been in force on that date:

Provided that, where by reason of any land unit

having become divided into two or more land units

revised entries are substituted for the entries in respect

of the former unit, the revised entries shall not be deemed

to have been in force on any first day of January before

the former unit became so divided.

Assessment, Recovery and Recoupment.

17. The person on whom the tax for any financial year in respect of a land unit shall be chargeable

shall be the person who was the owner of that unit on

the first day of January in the year of charge:

Provided that—

(a) where tax is chargeable for any financial year

in respect of the site of a building (with its

curtilage) which is divided horizontally and

the separate divisions of which are in

different ownership, the Commissioners shall

apportion the amount of the tax as at the

first day of January in that year between

the respective divisions of the building in the

proportion which the annual values of those

divisions bear to one another and the appropriate amount of tax in respect of each such

division shall be chargeable on the person

who was the owner thereof on the said first

day of January.

For the purposes of this proviso, the

expression " annual value" means the net

annual value as appearing in the valuation

list in force under the Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925, or the Valuation (Metropolis) Act,

1869, as the case may be, on the first day of

January in the financial year in question, or

19ol. Finance Act, 1931. Ch. 28.

where no such value appears in the said list,

the net annual value as determined by the

Commissioners:

(b) where, under a mortgage of the estate by

• reference to which the ownership of the land

unit, or of such a division as aforesaid, is

determined for the purposes of this Part of this Act, the mortgagee is in possession of the unit or division or the mortgagee or a

receiver is in receipt of the whole of the rents

and profits incident to the mortgaged estate

on the first day of January in any year of

charge, the tax for that year, or the apportioned part thereof (as the case may be)

shall be chargeable on the mortgagee.

18.—(1) For the purposes of the charge of the tax,

the land value of every land unit not being a unit in

respect of which a cultivation value is shown by the

entries relating thereto shall be reduced either—

(a) by an amount equal to four times the annual

value of the unit for income tax purposes; or

(b) by an amount equal to seven-eighths of the

land value of the unit,

whichever is the less.

(2) For the purposes of the charge of the tax, the

land value of every land unit in respect of which a cultivation value is shown by the entries relating thereto

shall be reduced either—

(a) by the amount of that cultivation value; or

(b) by the amount by which the land value would

have been reduced under the last foregoing

subsection if no cultivation value had been

shown by the entries relating to the unit,

whichever is the greater.

(3) For the purposes of any assessment of land

value tax the annual value of a land unit for income

tax purposes shall be taken to be the annual value of the

lands, tenements and hereditaments comprised in the

unit which has been adopted for the purposes of income

tax under Schedule A of the Income Tax Act, 1918,

for the year comprising the first day of January in the

year of charge to which the assessment of land i r alue‘

tax relates:

93

Part III.

— cont.

Reduction

of land

value for

purposes of

assessment

to tax.

94

Part III.

— cont.

Assessment

and recovery of

tax.

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Provided that, where the area as respects which the

annual value has been so adopted as aforesaid is not '

co-extensive with the area of the unit, the Commissioners shall make such apportionments of annual value

as may be necessary to determine the annual value of the unit, and, in the case of lands, tenements and hereditaments as respects which no such annual value has been

so adopted as aforesaid, the annual value shall be taken

to be of such amount as may be determined by the

Commissioners to be the amount at which the annual

value of the lands, tenements and hereditaments would

have been assessed for the purposes of the said Schedule

if they had been assessed to income tax thereunder and,

in the case of lands, tenements and hereditaments comprising any minerals, if no minerals had been comprised

therein.

19.—(1) The tax chargeable on any person for any

financial year shall be assessed by the Commissioners on

him or oh his personal representatives, and, subject as

hereinafter provided, an assessment expressed to be

made on any person (whether alone or jointly with

others) shall, in the event of his death before the date of

assessment, have effect as an assessment on his personal

representatives:

Provided that, where the tax was chargeable on

any person as joint owner and is by virtue of any trust

or agreement payable in the event of his death by the

survivor or survivors of the joint owners, an assessment

expressed to be made on him shall, in that event, have

effect as an assessment on the survivor or survivors.

(2) An assessment may be made at any time not

later than three years after the end of the year of charge

to which it relates.

(3) The tax assessed shall, if assessed on or before

the first day of June next after the end of the year of

charge, be payable to the Commissioners on the first

day of July next following and, if assessed on some date

later than the said first day of June, be so payable on

the expiration of one month from the date of the

assessment.

(4) Any person aggrieved by any assessment to tax

made- upon him may within forty-two days after the

date of assessment appeal against the assessment to

1931.' Finance Act, 1931. Ch. 28.

the High Court; or, if he so elects and the amount of the

assessment does not exceed one hundred pounds, to the

county court for the district in which the land unit in

respect of which the assessment is made or any part of

that unit is*situate:

Provided that the value of the land unit in respect

of which the tax was assessed shall not be called in

question on an appeal under this subsection.

(5) The amount of any tax payable shall, notwithstanding any pending objection or appeal which may

affect the assessment thereof, be recoverable as a debt

due to His Majesty from the person on whom it is assessed.

(6) The amount of the tax assessed in respect of any

land shall, as from the date on which it becomes payable,

be a charge on that land, but, for the purposes of the

Land Charges Act, 1925, no such charge shall be deemed

to be a land charge of a class which may be registered

under that Act, and for the purposes of the Land Registration Act, 1925, any such charge shall be deemed to

be included among the interests specified in subsection (1)

of section seventy of that Act:

Provided that any charge imposed by this subsection shall be void as against a purchaser of the estate

by reference to which the ownership of the land was

determined, being a purchaser for money or money’s

worth claiming by virtue of any disposition made before

the amount of the tax in respect of which the charge

arose became payable and after the first day of January

in the year of charge for which that tax is assessed.

(7) The Commissioners shall make such repayments

and assessments (including additional assessments) as

are necessary to give effect to the final settlement of

any valuation or any apportionment of values made under

the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, or to the

final decision on any appeal.

20 . — (1)Where the estate by reference to which

the ownership of a land unit is determined is a term of

years created by a lease at a rent, then, the person on

whom the tax chargeable in respect of the unit is

assessed shall, on paying the tax for any year of charge,

be entitled to recover from the person who was the

reversioner on the first day of January in that year a

sum equal to one-twelfth of the amount of a year’s

95

Part In.

— com.

15 <fc 16

Geo.5. c. 22.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 21.

Recoupment of tax

to leaseholders by

lessors.

96

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part III.

•— cont.

rent calculated at the annual rate in force under the

lease or to the whole amount of the tax so paid, whichever is the less, and any sum so recoverable from any

person may be deducted from the instalment of rent,

if any, payable to him next after the date on which the

tax is paid.

(2) Where under the last foregoing subsection or

under this subsection any sum is recovered from a

reversioner and the estate of the reversioner or, in the

case of a reversioner being a mortgagee, the mortgaged

estate, was also a term of years created by a lease at a

rent, he shall be entitled to recover from the person who

was the reversioner in respect of that lease on the first

day of January in the year of charge a sum equal to

one-twelfth of the amount of a year’s rent calculated

at the annual rate in force under that lease or to the

whole amount of the sum so recovered, whichever is the

less, and any sum recoverable under this subsection

from any person may be deducted from the instalment

of rent, if any, payable to him next after the date on

which the first mentioned sum was recovered.

(3) The provisions of the last two foregoing subsections shall have effect notwithstanding any agreement

made before the passing of this Act.

(4) In this section, the expression "reversioner "

means as respects any lease, the person who would have

been chargeable to the tax as the owner of the unit

or as mortgagee if that lease and all under-leases had

been surrendered.

(5) The provisions of this Part of this Act as to

the service of copies of entries inserted, or proposed to

be inserted, in a land values register on the owner of a

land unit, as to objections to, and appeals from, valuations by the owner of the unit, as to the inspection and

taking extracts from a land values register, and as to

the service of documents, shall, as respects a land unit

owned by a lessee, apply to any such reversioner as

aforesaid, and accordingly references in the said provisions to an "owner" shall be deemed to include

references to any such reversioner:

Provided that no such reversioner as aforesaid shall

be entitled to be served with copies of any entries unless

before the date of the service of copies of those entries

1931. Finance Act, 1931. Ch. 28.

o» the owner of the land unit, he has, by notice in

writing delivered to the Commissioners required copies

of all entries in respect of the unit to be served upon him.

21. Where any tax assessed on a mortgagee under

the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act is paid

by him or any sum is recovered from a mortgagee under

the last foregoing section, the amount of the tax or sum

so paid or recovered shall be a charge on the mortgaged

estate as an addition to the mortgage money but with

priority over all other charges on that estate and with

interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum.

22. —(1) Where any person other than a mortgagee,

being a person oil whom the tax chargeable in respect of

any land unit is assessed, or from whom any sum is

recovered under the provisions of this Act relating to

recoupment of tax to leaseholders by lessors, or whose

estate is charged under the last foregoing section, was

not throughout the year of charge entitled to the absolute beneficial interest in the relevant estate, then,

subject to the terms of any trust or agreement, the

ultimate incidence of the tax, or of any sum so recovered

or charged, shall, as between the persons interested in

that estate, be regulated in like manner as if the tax

had been—

(a) where the estate is a term of years, rent accruing during the year of charge under the lease

whereby the term was created:

(b) where the estate is an estate in fee simple, a

perpetual rentcharge issuing out of the land

and accruing during the year of charge.

For the purposes of this subsection the expression

" the relevant estate " means—

(a) as respects a person on whom the tax chargeable

in respect of a land unit is assessed, the estate

by reference to which the ownership of the land

unit is determined:

(b) as respects a person from whom any sum is

recovered under the provisions of this Act

relating to recoupment of tax to leaseholders

by lessors, the estate by reference to which the

liability to suffer recovery under the s?fid

provisions is determined:

G

97

Part III.

- flint

Tax paid by

mortgagee

charged on

mortgaged

estate.

Ultimate

incidence

of tax

assessed on

persons not

having

whole beneficial interest.

98

Part III.

— card.

Procedure

as to assessment and

collection.

II & 12

Geo. 5. c. 32.

Exemptions.

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(c) as respects a person whose estate is charged

under the last foregoing section, the mortgaged

estate.

(2) In relation to any year of charge intv'hich a land

unit becomes, or ceases to be, exempt from tax under

the provisions of this Part of this Act, this section shall

have effect as if for references to the year of charge there

were substituted references to that part of the year in

respect of which the tax is chargeable.

(3) Where any amount paid by way of tax (either

directly or by means of recovery) by any person falls, by

virtue of the provisions of this section, to be borne by

some other person, the person by whom that amount

was paid shall be entitled to recover it from that other

person.

23.—(1) The Commissioners may make regulations

with respect to the assessment and collection of the tax,

and any such regulations may in particular apply with

modifications for the purposes of this Part of this Act

any of the enactments relating to the assessment and

collection of income tax and provide for the assessment

of the tax by officers appointed by them for that

purpose.

(2) Where the amount of tax payable for any year

in respect of a land unit is less than fifty pounds, the

tax may, without prejudice to any other remedy, be

recovered summarily as a civil debt, and section twenty-

nine of the Finance Act, 1921, (which relates to evidence

of payment of wages in proceedings under subsection (2)

of section one hundred and sixty-nine of the Income

Tax Act, 1918, for recovery of income tax) shall apply

in the case of proceedings under this subsection and as if

references therein to wages included references to salaries,

fees and other emoluments.

Proceedings under this subsection shall be commenced in the name of some person authorised in that

behalf by the Commissioners.

Exemptions and Beliefs

. 24.—(1) No tax shall be chargeable in respect of

any land unit not subject to a lease granted for a term

1!M.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

99

exceeding fifty years which has commenced, for any Past III.

period during winch the unit— ~ ont -

(a) is owned by any Government department or is

owned by any public officer or body on behalf

of His Majesty for Government purposes, or is

owned by trustees in trust for naval, military or

air force purposes, or is owned by His Majesty

in right of the Crown;

(b) is owned by any local authority or by any

drainage board constituted under the Land 20 & 21

Drainage Act, 1930, or to be treated under that Geo.S. c. 44.

Act as having been so constituted or by a body

of persons authorised by any special Act or

order having the force of an Act, to construct,

erect, or maintain as its principal business, any

embankment or sea or river wall;

(c) is owned by the National Trust incorporated by

the National Trust Act, 1907; 7 Edw. 7.

c. cxxxvi.

(d) is owned by a body of persons authorised by

any special Act or order having the force of an

Act to construct, erect or carry on as its

principal business any railway, canal, inland

navigation, dock, harbour, tramway, gas, electricity, water, or other public undertaking;

(e) is owned by a body of persons carrying on as its

principal business the provision of houses for

the working classes and prohibited by its

constitution or rules from issuing any share or

loan capital with interest or dividend at a

rate exceeding five per cent, per annum or such

higher rate as may for the time being be prescribed by the Treasury as respects that body

under the enactments relating to housing or

town planning;

(f) is owned by any persons entitled to claim, in

respect of the unit or of any part thereof or in

respect of the rents or profits of the unit or of

any part thereof, exemption from income tax

under Schedule A of the Income Tax Act,

1918, by virtue of section thirty-seven or

thirty-eight of that Act, or section thirty of the Finance Act, 1921, or allowance in respect

100

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

of such income tax by virtue of No. VI. of that

Schedule;

(g) is owned by a registered friendly society:

Provided that this subsection shall not 1 apply to a

land unit which is the site of a building (with its

curtilage) divided horizontally the separate divisions of

which are owned by different persons.

(2) No tax shall be chargeable in respect of any land

unit for any period during which the unit—

(a) is used as a playing field under some agreement

with the owner which as originally made or as

subsisting at the date of the commencement

of this Act could not be determined for a

period of at least five years, or if there is evidence

that other circumstances render it probable

that the land will continue to be so used for

a period of one year or more;

(b) is used as a park, garden, or open space which

is open to the public as of right;

(c) is used wdiolly or mainly for the purpose of

public religious worship;

47 & 48 Vict,

c. 72.

(i d) is used as a churchyard or burial ground;

(e) is land wdiich is a disused burial ground within

the meaning of the Disused Burial Grounds

Act, 1884, on which no building has been

erected:

Provided that, where any land unit which has been

exempt from tax by reason of paragraph (a) of this

subsection ceases to be so exempt, the tax chargeable in

respect of the unit for the first complete year of charge

for wdiich the tax becomes chargeable in respect thereof

shall be multiplied by five or by the number of complete

years of charge during which the unit has been so exempt

as aforesaid, whichever is the less.

(3) No tax shall be chargeable in respect of any land

unit for any period during which there is neither a person

who w ould be chargeable to the tax in respect thereof nor

a person from whom any part of the tax would be

recoverable under the provisions of this Part of this Act

relating to the recoupment of tax to leaseholders by

lessors, except a person who would be entitled to relief

1031. Finance Act, 1931. Pit. 2S.

fy>m the tax, or from the part so recoverable under the

provisions of subsection (1) or (2) of the section of this Act next following.

(4) WlfcTe by reason of the foregoing provisions of this section there is exemption from tax for some part

only of a year of charge, tax shall be chargeable in a proportionate amount in respect of the other part of the

year, and, in relation to the year of charge in which any

land unit becomes or ceases to be exempt from tax under

the said provisions, this Part of this Act shall have effect

as if for references to the person who was the owner or

mortgagee of the unit on the first day of January in

that year there were therein substituted references to

llie person who was the owner or mortgagee thereof

immediately before or immediately after (as the case

may be) the unit became or ceased to be so exempt.

(5) Where any land unit has, at a date as at which

it is to be valued or a value is to be apportioned thereto

under this Part of this Act, no land value or, in the case

of agricultural land, no land value in excess of the

cultivation value, no tax shall be chargeable in respect

of that unit until the year of charge beginning next

after the next subsequent valuation date.

25.—(1) Where the ownership of any land unit

subject to one or more leases granted for a term

exceeding fifty years which has commenced is such that

the unit would have been exempt from tax under the

last foregoing section if the unit, though in that ownership, had not been subject to any such lease as aforesaid,

the person who was the owner of the unit during

any period during which the unit was in such

ownership shall be entitled to relief from the tax

chargeable in respect of the unit for that period,

except in so far as the whole or any part of the tax is

recoverable by him under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the recoupment of tax to leaseholders

by lessors:

Provided that in relation to a land unit which is the

site of a building (with its curtilage) divided horizontally

the separate divisions of which are owned by different

persons, this subsection shall apply as respects the

divisions which are in such ownership, whether or not

the unit or any such division is subject to one or more

such leases as aforesaid.

101

Part ITI.

— cont.

Relief from

tax in

certain

cases.

102

Part III;

— cont.

Tax not to

be included

among impositions

payable by

lessees.

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(2) Where the person from whom any part of the

tax chargeable in respect of a land unit is recovered b$r

a leaseholder under the provisions of this Tart of this Act relating to the recoupment of tax to leaseholders by

lessors, is a person who, if he had been the oWner of the

unit, would have been entitled to relief under the last

foregoing subsection or would not have been chargeable

to tax, then as respects the part of the tax so recovered

from him the provisions of the said subsection shall

apply as if he had been the owner.

(3) If any person by whom the tax for any year is

borne proves to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

that the aggregate amount of the tax for that year borne

by him in respect of all the land units in respect of which

the tax is so borne does not exceed ten shillings he shall

be entitled to relief from the tax for that year.

For the purposes of this subsection, the amount of

tax for any year borne by a person means the amount

which, having regard to the provisions of this Part of this Act as to recoupment of tax to leaseholders by lessors,

as to tax paid by mortgagees being charged on the

mortgaged estate and as to the ultimate incidence of

tax assessed on persons not having a whole beneficial

interest, is ultimately borne by him, but shall not include

any tax which he is entitled to recover from any other

person.

(4) The Commissioners may give effect to any relief

under this section either by repayment or by discharge

of the whole or part of the assessment as the case may

require.

(5) Any claim to relief under this section may be

made at any time before the expiration of twelve months

from the date of assessment and any person aggrieved

by a refusal of the Commissioners to admit such a claim

may appeal against the refusal in the same manner as

a person aggrieved by an assessment may appeal against

the assessment.

Supplemental.

26. Where by any lease granted before or after the

passing of this Act provision is made that any taxes or

other impositions shall be payable by the lessee, that

provision shall not apply in respect of the tax.

1931!

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

103

27.—(1) The Commissioners may if they think fit by Part - 111 -

x*otice in writing require the owner or occupier of any land, *p '

or any person paying or receiving rent in respect of any Commis-

land (either on his own behalf or on behalf of any other siohers to

person), to. furnish to them, within thirty days after obtain in-

service upon him of any such notice or vdthin such formation,

extended time as the Commissioners may allow, returns

showing such particulars as it may be within his power

to furnish as to—

(a) the ownership, tenure, situation and character

of the land, together with any further details

necessary for the purposes of the identification

thereof;

(b) any rent payable to or by him and the lease

under which it is payable;

(c) the name and address of any person to whom

he pays, or on whose behalf he receives, rent;

(d) the consideration, if any, paid by him after the

eighteenth day of July, nineteen hundred and

twenty-three, for his estate or interest in the

land and the date when he acquired that estate

or interest;

(e) any tithe, tithe rent charge, or other payment in

lieu of tithe issuing out of or charged upon the

land and any of the incumbrances mentioned in

paragraphs (a) to (g) of the First Schedule to

this Act.

(2) Any person authorised in writing by the Commissioners for that purpose shall have a right, on

production of his authority, to enter on and inspect at

all reasonable times any land for the purpose of obtaining

any information required by the Commissioners for the

discharge of their functions under this Part of this Act.

(3) If any person fails to make a return which he is

required under this section to make, or wilfully omits

to show in any such return any particulars within his

power to furnish which he may under this section be

required to show, or wilfully delays or obstructs any

person authorised by the Commissioners hr the exercise of

any power conferred on him by this section, he shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds.

104

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part III.

— cont.

Production

to Oom- t

missionors

of instruments transferring land.

54 & 65 Vict,

c. 39.

28.—(1) On the occasion of—

(a) any transfer on sale of the fee simple of land',

(b) the grant of any lease of land for a term

of seven or more years;

(c) any transfer on sale of any such lease;

it shall be the duty of the transferee, lessee, or proposed

lessee to produce to the Commissioners the instrument

by means of which the transfer is effected, or the lease

granted or agreed to be granted, as the case may be, and to

comply with the requirements of the Second Schedule

to this Act, and if he fails so to produce any such

instrument within thirty days after the execution thereof

or, in the case of an instrument first executed at any

place out of Great Britain after the instrument is first

received in Great Britain, or fails to comply with the

requirements of the said Schedule, he shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(2) Where in accordance with the provisions of the

last foregoing subsection any agreement for any lease of

land for a term of seven or more years has been produced

to the Commissioners, and the requirements of the said

Second Schedule with respect thereto are complied with,

it shall not be necessary under this section to produce

to the Commissioners the instrument granting the lease

in pursuance of the agreement or to comply with the

requirements of the said Schedule with respect thereto,

unless that instrument is inconsistent with the agreement, but the Commissioners shall, if any such instrument is produced to them and application is made for

that purpose, denote on the instrument that the instrument has been so produced.

(3) This section shall not apply with respect to

any instrument which relates solely to incorporeal hereditaments or to a grave or right of burial, or which is

a mining lease only or an instrument by means of

which the transfer of a mining lease only is effected.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in section twelve of the Stamp Act, 1891, no instrument required by this

section to be produced to the Commissioners shall be

deemed, for the purposes of section fourteen of that Act,

to be duly stamped unless it is stamped with a stamp

denoting that the instrument has been so produced.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

105

19.fl.

(5) This section shall come into operation on the Part III,

►first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-one. — cant.

29. — (1) For the purposes of the provisions of this Service of

Part of this Act as to the service of copies of entries documents,

inserted or proposed to be inserted in a land values

register, the expression "owner " means, in relation

to any land unit, the person who at the date of service

is the owner of that unit, but includes also—

(a) in relation to any copy served after any first

day of January on which the entry wall be in

force, the owner on that date; and

(b) (except in the case of revised entries) in relation

to any land unit which has become divided

into two or more parts in different ownership,

the owner of any such part,

and for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act as to objections and appeals from valuations,

the expression "owner " shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Any document issued by or on behalf of the

Commissioners under this Part of this Act may be served

on any person by delivering it to him or sending it by

post to his usual or last known address, or, if his address

is not known and cannot reasonably be ascertained, by

leaving the document addressed to him with the occupier

of any land to which the document relates, or, if no such

occupier can be found, by causing it to be exhibited in

some conspicuous place on the land, and where any such

document is required to be served on any owner whose

identity cannot reasonably be ascertained, the document,

if so left or exhibited as aforesaid, shall be deemed to

be addressed to the person who is the owner if it is

addressed " the owner " without further name or

description.

(3) Where two or more persons together constitute

the owner or mortgagee of any land unit, any document

required by or under this Part of this Act to be served

by the Commissioners on the owner or mortgagee

thereof shall be deemed to have been duly served on

all those persons if it has been duly served upon any

one of them or upon their agent authorised in that

behalf, unless before the date of service any of the

persons constituting the owner or mortgagee has, by

notice in waiting delivered to the Commissioners; required all documents in respect of the unit to be served

10G

Part IIT.

— covt.

Miscellaneous provisions.

Pi finition

of owner.

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Ge6. 5.

upon all those persons, and delivered with the notice

a list of their names and addresses.

30. —(1) Section two hundred and sixteen of the

Income Tax Act, 1918 (which provides that want of

form or errors shall not invalidate assessments &c.) shall

apply as respects assessments and other proceedings

purporting to be made in pursuance of this Act as it

applies to assessments and other proceedings purporting

to be made in pursuance of that Act, but as if the

references therein to profits and to the general Commissioners respectively were omitted therefrom.

(2) Any copy of entries inserted or proposed to be

inserted in a land values register or of an assessment

being a copy signed by any officer of the Commissioners

authorised by them in that behalf and produced by any

officer of the Commissioners shall be received in evidence,

and any such copy purporting to be so signed as aforesaid

shall be deemed to be so signed and to be a true copy

unless the contrary is proved.

(3) Any appeal to the High Court under this Part

of this Act shall be to a single judge of the High Court

to be nominated by the Lord Chancellor for that

purpose, and either party shall have a right of appeal

from a decision of a county court under this Part of this Act direct to the Court of Appeal.

31. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the expression "owner " means—

(a) in relation to any land subject to a lease granted

for a term exceeding fifty years which has commenced, the estate owner in respect of the

term, or, if there are two or more such leases,

the estate owner in respect of the term which

will first expire; and

(b) in relation to any other land, the estate owner

in respect of the fee simple of the land;

and "owned" and "ownership" have corresponding

meanings:

Provided that—

(a) where the estate owner is the public trustee or

is the official trustee of charity lands or

• other trustee on or for charitable, ecclesiastical, or public trusts or purposes, and that

1931.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

107

trustee is not entitled to act in the trust,

then, for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act as to the service of

copies of entries inserted or proposed to be

‘inserted in a land values register, as to

objections to and appeals from valuations,

as to the assessment and recovery of tax,

appeals against assessment, and exemptions

and relief, the person hereinafter mentioned

shall, instead of the trustee, be deemed to

be the owner, that is to say—

(i) where the estate owner is the public

trustee, the person in receipt of the rents

incident to the public trustee’s estate, or,

if there are no rents incident thereto, the

person in occupation of the land;

(ii) where the estate owner is the official

trustee of charity lands or such other

trustee as aforesaid, the managing

trustees or committee of management of the charity; and

(b) where under section nine of the Administration of Estates Act, 1925, the estate of

any person who died intestate is vested in

the Probate Judge, that judge shall not be

deemed to be the owner of any land unit

comprised in the estate, but upon administration being granted in respect thereof the

administrator shall be deemed for the purposes of the charge of the tax to have been

the owner as from the date of the death.

(2) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression "estate owner " has the same

meaning as in the Law of Property Act, 1925,

so, however, that in relation to an agreement

for a lease, that expression means the person

entitled to have vested in him the legal term

agreed to be created:

(b) a lease granted for a term exceeding fifty years

shall if it be nob terminable at the option of the lessor before the expiration of fifty years

be deemed to be such a lease notwithstanding

that the lease is terminable at the option

Part ITI.

— cont.

108

Cir. 28.

Finance Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part JII. of the lessee before the expirai ion of that

—cent period:

(c) a lease which contains an obligation to renew

the lease for specified periods ova specified

conditions at the option of the lessee shall be

deemed to be a lease granted for a term

ending with the last of such periods, and the

term of a lease granted pursuant to any such

obligation shall be deemed to include the

term under the lease containing that obligation:

(d) a lease which is, or takes effect as, a lease for

a term of years determinable after the death

or marriage of any person and a lease

terminable at the option of the lessor before

the expiration of fifty years shall be deemed

to be a lease for a term not exceeding fifty ’

years.

General 32. In this Part of this Act, except where the

definitions, context otherwise requires, the following expressions

have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them,

that is to say—

19 & 20

Geo. 5.0. 17.

ISfc lit

Geo. 5. c. 44.

" Agricultural land" means land and buildings with

respect to which, by reason of subsection (2) of

section sixty-seven of the Local Government

Act, 1929, no particulars are included in any

valuation list, or which are deemed under that

subsection to have no rateable value for the

purposes of the list, but also includes any

farmhouse occupied in connection with such

land as aforesaid and any agricultural cottage

so occupied which is on or contiguous to that

. land; and, in relation to any land occupied

by or on behalf of the Crown, means any

premises which if in rateable occupation would

be agricultural hereditaments as defined by

the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment)

Act, 1928, and includes any such farmhouse

or agricultural cottage as aforesaid:

"Agricultural buildings" and "cottage garden"

have respectively the same meanings as in the

Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act,

1928:

1931.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

109

" Agricultural cottage " means, in relation to any

land, a house used as a dwelling-house of

a person who is employed in agricultural

operations on that land in the service of the

occupier thereof and is entitled, whether as

tenant or otherwise, so to use the house only

while so employed:

" Agricultural purposes" means purposes of the

following classes, that is to say :—

(a) the use of land as arable, meadow or

pasture ground, or for a plantation or a

wood or for the growth of saleable underwood, or, in relation to land exceeding

one quarter of an acre, for poultry

farming:

(b) the use of land as market gardens,

nursery grounds, or orchards:

(c) the use of land as cottage gardens exceeding one quarter of an acre, or as

allotments, including allotment gardens

within the meaning of the Allotments

Act, 1922,

and includes all purposes directly connected

with any such class as aforesaid:

" Farmhouse " means, in relation to any land,

a house used as the dwelling-house of the

person who is primarily engaged in carrying

on or directing agricultural operations on that

land:

"Lease" includes an underlease or other tenancy

and an agreement for a lease, underlease or

tenancy, but does not include a mortgage; and

"lessee" and "grant" have corresponding

meanings:

"Local authority" means any body having power

to levy a rate or to issue a precept to a rating

authority and includes the corporation for

which any such body acts for executive purposes; and "rate" and (except in relation

to London) "rating authority" have the same

meanings respectively as in the Rating and

Valuation Act, 1925:

Part III.

— cont.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 51.

110

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part III " Minerals " includes all minerals and substances

— coni. in or under land of a kind ordinarily worked

for removal by underground or by surface

working:

° i

" Mineral wayleave " has the same meaning as in

the Finance (1909-1910) Act, 1910:

" Mortgage " has the same meaning as in the Law

of Property Act, 1925:

" Playing field" means land used mainly or exclusively for the purposes of open air games

or recreation other than horse racing, polo,

coursing, dog racing, motor racing, or motorcycle racing:

" Road " does not in relation to any land unit

include any road which the occupier alone is

entitled to use, but save as aforesaid, includes

any carriageway or footway, whether a street,

lane, mews, square, court, alley, passage, or

of whatsoever other nature, and whether a

thoroughfare or not:

" Valuation date " means, as respects the first

valuation made under this Part of this Act, the

first day of January, nineteen hundred and

thirty-two, as respects the second valuation

the first day of August, nineteen hundred

and thirty-six, and, as respects every subsequent valuation, the fifth anniversary of the

last preceding valuation date:

u Valuation period " means, in relation to any

entries inserted or proposed to be inserted in a

land values register for the purposes of the first

valuation made under this Part of this Act, the

period beginning on the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and thirty-three, and ending

on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and thirty-seven, and, in relation to any

such entries for the purposes of any subsequent

valuation, the period beginning at the end of the last foregoing valuation period and ending

on the fifth anniversary of the end of that

period:

" Works " docs not include works of excavation or

filling executed for the purpose of bringing the

configuration of the soil to its actual formation,

1931.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

Ill

but, save as aforesaid, means all works exe- Part hi.

cuted as improvements (not being buildings or — cont -

erections), and includes fixtures, ditches, fence *

walls and other fences.

33. The provisions of this Part of this Act apply Application

to land belonging to any Government Department or to Crown

belonging to any public officer or body on behalf of His lands -

Majesty for government purposes or belonging to His

Majesty in right of the Crown, and in relation to any

such land bind the Crown and, for the purposes of the

said provisions, the officer or body having the management of any such land shall represent His Majesty.

34. Any expenses incurred by the Commissioners in Provisions

connection with the valuation of land for the purposes of as to ex-

this Part of this Act and any remuneration payable by P enses '

virtue of the provisions of this Part of this Act to referees

appointed under section thirty-four of the Finance

(1909-10) Act, 1910, shall be paid out of moneys provided

by Parliament.

35. In the application of this Part of this Act to Application

{Scotland— to Scotland.

(a) the Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1922, shall be 12 & 13

substituted for the Allotments Act, 1922, and Gen. 5.0.52

the First Schedule to the Agricultural Holdings *

(Scotland) Act, 1923, as originally enacted, shall e0 ‘ c '

be substituted for the First Schedule to the

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923:

(b) " agricultural land" means land which is shown

in the valuation roll as agricultural lands and

heritages:

(c) " Agricultural buildings" means buildings (other

than dwelling-houses) included in any agricultural lands and heritages:

(d) references to the Edinburgh Gazette shall be

substituted for references to the London

Gazette:

(e) "local authority" means a county town or

district council, for any reference to the council

of a county borough there shall be substituted

a reference to a town council, and for any

reference to the council of a comity district

there shall be substituted a reference to a

district council:

112

Part III.

— cont.

20 & 21

Geo. 5 c. 20.

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

if) "easement" means "servitude", "tithe",

means " teind ", " mortgage" means " heritable

security ", and " mortgagee, " " mortgaged

estate " and " mortgage debt " shall be construed accordingly; "incumbrance" means

" burden " and includes a burden or charge

incident to tenure; "agreement" includes

" feu charter ", and any reference to a feu

charter includes a reference to a feu disposition;

and any reference to a drainage rate made under

the Land Drainage Act, 1930, shall be construed

as a reference to a rate leviable in pursuance of the Land Drainage (Scotland) Act, 1930:

(g) for any reference to property and rights which

would by virtue of subsection (1) of section

sixty-two of the Law of Property Act, 1925,

have been deemed to be included in a

conveyance of land, there shall be substituted

a reference to such property and rights as would

have been included in a disposition of the land

in common form:

(h) any order of a referee as to costs shall be

enforceable as a recorded decree arbitral:

(i) the Court of Session shall be substituted for the

High Court provided that in the application of

subsection (4) of section fourteen of this Act for

any reference to the High Court there shall be

substituted a reference to the judges of the

Court of Session named for the purpose of hearing

appeals under the Valuation of Lands (Scotland)

Acts, and an appeal shall lie to the House of

Lords from any decision of the Court of Session

or of the said judges under this Part of this Act:

(j) the sheriff court shall be substituted for the

county court and an appeal shall lie from any

decision of the sheriff court under this Part of this Act to the aforesaid judges in the case of a

decision under section fourteen of this Act and

to the Court of Session in any other case.

(k) for the purposes of section eighteen of this Act—

(i) for the references to lands, tenements,

and hereditaments there shall be substituted

references to lands and heritages;

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

113

1931.

(ii) where the annual value of any lands

and heritages has boon assessed on the basis

that local rates in respect thereof a repayable

by the landlord, that value shall be reduced

‘to such amount as would have been assessed

if those rates had been payable by the

occupier^:

(l) "owner"—

(i) in relation to any land subject to a

lease granted for a term exceeding fifty years

which has commenced means the tenant

under the lease, or where there are two or

more such leases means the tenant under the

lease which will first expire;

(ii) in relation to any other land means, in

the case of land subject to a life-rent, the

life-renter, and in the case of land under

an entail, the institute or heir of entail in

possession, and in any other case, the owner

of the fee:

(m) the provisions of paragraphs (6), (c) and (d) of

subsection (2) of section thirty-one of this Act

shall apply for the purposes of the immediately

preceding paragraph of this section in like

manner as they apply for the purposes of the

said section thirty-one:

(n) for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the proviso

to subsection (1) of section seventeen of this Act

the expression "annual value" means the

gross annual value appearing in the valuation

roll in force on the first day of January in the

year in question or where no such value appears

in the said valuation roll the gross annual value

as determined by the Commissioners:

(o) where the person on whom the tax chargeable in

respect of any land unit is liable in payment in

respect of that unit of any feu duty he shall on

paying the tax for any year of charge be entitled

to recover from the person who was the superior

on the first day of January in that year a sum

equal to one twelfth of the feu duty payable in

respect of that year or to the whole amount of the tax so paid, whichever is the less, and any

sum so recoverable from any person may* be

deducted from the instalment of feu duty, if

Id

Part III.

— out.

m

Ch. 28.

Finance, Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part III.

— cont.

any, payable to him next after the date on which

the tax is paid. Provided that, where two or

more land units are subject to a feu duty which

has not been allocated, the sum recoverable as

aforesaid from the person to wholn such feu

duty is payable shall be, in respect of each unit,

either one twelfth of such part of the total feu

duty as bears the same proportion thereto as

the land value of that unit bears to the total of the land values of all the units subject to the

feu duty, or the whole amount of the tax paid

in respect of the unit, whichever is the less:

(p) where under the last foregoing paragraph or under

this paragraph or under section twenty of this Act any sum is recovered from a person

who is himself liable in payment in respect

of the land unit of any feu duty, he shall

be entitled to recover from the person who

was on the first day of January in the year of

charge the superior in the feu charter or contract

under which such feu duty is payable a sum

equal to one twelfth of such feu duty payable

in respect of that year or to the whole amount

of the sum so recovered, whichever is the less,

and any sum recoverable under this paragraph

from any person may be deducted from the

instalment of feu duty, if any, payable to him

next after the date on which the first mentioned

sum was recovered:

(q) the provisions of the last two foregoing paragraphs shall have effect notwithstanding any

agreement made before the passing of this Act:

(r) the provisions of subsection (5) of section twenty

of this Act shall apply to any person to whom

any feu duty is payable in respect of a land

unit in like manner as they apply to the reversioner therein mentioned:

(s) any reference in this Part of this Act to the

provisions relating to the recoupment of tax to

leaseholders by lessors shall be deemed to

include a reference to the provisions of paragraphs (o) and (p) of this section, and any

reference to recovery by a leaseholder under the

193!.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

115

first-mentioned provisions si i all be construed Part III.

accordingly: — c ° 7lt -

(t) for the purposes of sections twenty-four and

twenty-five of this Act any land unit in respect

of which a feu duty is payable shall be deemed to

be subject to a lease granted for a term exceeding

fifty years which has commenced, and any

reference in the said sections to any such lease

shall be construed accordingly:

(u) section twenty-six of this Act shall apply to a

feu charter or contract and to the feuar or

vassal thereunder in like manner as it applies

to a lease and to the lessee thereunder:

(v) in the foregoing provisions of this section

references to a feu contract, a superior, a feuar,

and a feu duty shall be deemed to include,

respectively, references to a contract of ground

annual, a creditor therein, a debtor therein, and

a ground annual:

(w) section twenty-eight of this Act shall apply on

the occasion of any grant of a feu or of the

creation of a ground annual in like manner as

it applies on the occasion of a transfer on sale,

and the expression "transferee " shall be construed accordingly and the said section shall not

apply with respect to any instrument relating

solely to shooting or fishing rights, or to a

servitude:

(x) regulations may be made by the Commissioners

for dispensing with the production of any

instrument and the furnishing of particulars

thereof under section twenty-eight of this Act in

cases where arrangements are made for obtaining such particulars through any register of

sasines, and where provision is made for dispensing with such production or furnishing of

particulars, it shall be the duty of the Keeper of the General Register of Sasines, and of the

keeper of any local register of sasines to furnish to the Commissioners particulars of instruments presented for registration or registered

in their respective registers as may be prescribed by regulations of the Commissioners,

and in any such case the provisions of subsection (4) of the said section twenty-eight shall not apply:

11(1

Part III.

— cont.

Advances to

road fund

for meeting

expenditure

in connection with

expedited

schemes.

9 Edw. 7.

e. 47.

2S. Finance, Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(y) the Court of Session shall have power by Act of

Sederunt to make rules with regard to appeals

to that court or to the judges of that court

referred to in paragraph (i) of this section or

to the sheriff court under this part of this Act:

(z) subsection (3) of section thirty of this Act

shall not apply.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

36. — (1) The Treasury may at any time within the

financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

nineteen hundred and thirty-two, advance to the Road

Fund out of the Consolidated Fund of the United

Kingdom or the growing produce thereof (in addition to

any advances made to the Road Fund under section

twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1928) such further

sums, not exceeding in the aggregate nine million

pounds, as may be required for the purpose of making

any payments falling to be made out of the Road Fund

on account of expenditure incurred in respect of the

construction or improvement of roads within the

meaning of the Development and Road Improvement

Funds Act, 1909, including any such construction or

improvement undertaken in pursuance of schemes

expedited on account of the existing conditions of

employment, which cannot be met out of the income

of the Road Fund.

(2) Any sums advanced under this section, together

with interest thereon, or on such part thereof as is for

the time being outstanding, at such rate as may be fixed

by the Treasury, shall be charged on the Road Fund,

and the said sums shall be repaid out of the Road Fund

to the Exchequer by such instalments and at such dates

between the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

thirty-six and the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and forty-one, as the Treasury may determine.

Any interest chargeable as aforesaid shall be paid

annually on such date as the Treasury may determine.

(3) For the purpose of providing for the issue of

sums out of the Consolidated Fund under this section,

or'for the repayment to that Fund of all or any part

of any sums so issued, or for the paying off of any

1931. Finance Act, 1931. Ch. 28.

securities issued under this section, in so far as no other

provision is made for the purpose, the Treasury may

borrow money by means of terminable annuities for

a term not exceeding nine years, or by the issue of such

other securities, being securities repayable not later than

the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

forty-one, as they think proper, and all sums so

borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(4) The principal of and interest on any securities

and any annuities issued under this section shall, unless

otherwise provided for, be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the

growing produce thereof.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, money in

the hands of the National Debt Commissioners for the

purpose of the reduction of the National Debt shall not

be applied in purchasing, redeeming or paying off any

securities issued under this section.

37.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

the power to appoint collectors of taxes shall be transferred to and vest in the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue.

(2) All collectors of taxes, whether appointed by the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue either before or after

the commencement of this Act or by any other commissioners before the commencement of this Act, shall hold

office during the wall and pleasure of the Commissioners

of Inland Revenue, and shall be paid such remuneration

as the Treasury may determine.

(3) There shall be delivered by the Commissioners

of Inland Revenue to every collector of taxes, whether

appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or

otherwise, a warrant for collecting and levying the tax

charged, and every such warrant shall extend to the

collection of the sums specified in all duplicates of

assessment which may from time to time be delivered

to the collector, and to any arrears of tax due at the

date of the warrant.

(4) The provisions of this section shall apply in

relation to collectors of land tax as they apply in

relation to collectors of taxes.

(5) This section shall not apply to collectors in 5nd

for Scotland, Northern Ireland or the division of the

117

Part IV.

— con!.

Collectors of

taxes and

collectors of

land tax.

118

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— writ.

Repeal

of s. 47 of

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 28.

Amendment

of a. 48 of

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 28.

Exemption

from death

duties in

case of land

given to

National

Trust.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 32.

City of London or to the appointment of collectors by,

or to collectors appointed by, any commissioners acting

under section sixty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1918.

(6) This section so far as it relates to collectors of

taxes shall be construed as one with the Income Tax

Acts, and so far as it relates to collectors of land tax

shall be construed as one with the Acts relating to the

land tax.

38 . Section forty-seven of the Finance Act, 1930

(which provides for temporary additions to the new

Sinking Fund in the financial year ending the thirty-first

day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, and the

two next subsequent financial years) shall cease to have

effect.

39 . No issue shall be made out of the Consolidated

Fund under section forty-eight of the Finance Act, 1930

(which provides in the case of a deficit in any year for

the redemption in the next year of a corresponding

amount of debt), in respect of the deficit for the year

ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred

and thirty-one.

40 . — (1)Where any estate or interest in land—

(a) is given, devised, or bequeathed by any person

to, and so as to become indefeasibly vested

in, the National Trust and is held by that

Trust inalienably for the public benefit; or

(b) is given, devised, or bequeathed by any person

to, and so as to become indefeasibly vested

in, the Commissioners of Works, or a local

authority, and accepted by the Commissioners

or authority under section two of the Ancient

Monuments Consolidation and Amendment

Act, 1913;

the Treasury may, if that person dies after the commencement of this Act, and the estate or interest was the

whole estate or interest of that person in the land, remit

any duties leviable on or with reference to the death of

that person, and no property the duties in respect of which

are remitted under this section shall be aggregated with any other property for the purpose of fixing the rate of

any estate duty.

(2) In this section the expression "National Trust "

means the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

119

Natural Beauty incorporated by the National Trust

Act, 1907.

41 . Where the holder of a war savings certificate

or a national savings certificate is at the time of his

death domiciled in the Channel Islands or the Isle of

Man, his rights under the certificate shall, for the purposes of the enactments relating to estate duty payable

in Great Britain, be deemed to be property situate out

of Great Britain.

42. For the definition of "dealer " in subsection (3)

of section forty-two of the Finance Act, 1920, there shall

be substituted the following definition :—

" The expression ‘ dealer’means a person who,

being a member of a stock exchange in Great

Britain, is recognised by the committee of that

exchange as carrying on the business of a

dealer."

Provided that if His Majesty in Council is pleased

to declare that the Parliament of Northern Ireland have

so amended the said section forty-two in its application

to Northern Ireland as to extend the benefits thereof

to all persons who are dealers within the meaning

of the foregoing definition, the said definition shall

thereafter have effect as if for the words "Great

Britain " there were substituted the words "the United

Kingdom."

43 . — (1)Notwithstanding anything in any enactment

relating to savings certificates, or in any regulation made

under any such enactment or any conditions relating to

the issue of any savings certificates, the Treasury may

from time to time direct that the currency of any savings

certificates to which the direction applies shall be prolonged to such extent and on such conditions as to

interest and otherwise as may be specified in the direction:

Provided that nothing in this section shall—

(a) prejudice the right of any holder of a savings

certificate, if he so desires, to have the amount

payable under the certificate paid to him on

or before maturity; or

(6) authorise the prolongation beyond the thirty-

first day of March, nineteen hundred and

forty, of the currency of any savings certificate

issued on or before the thirty-first day of

March, nineteen hundred and twenty-two.

Part IV.

— cont.

.Exemption of

savings certificates held

by persons

domiciled

in Channel

Islands or

Isle of Man

from estate

duty.

Amendment

of s. 42 of

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c.18.

Prolongation of

currency of

savings

certificates.

120

Part IV.

— conf.

]G & 17 ,

Geo. 5. c. 22.

Construction, short

title, application and

repeal.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 30.

Ch. 28. Finance Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(2) It is hereby declared that the power of the

Treasury under subsection (2) of section forty-six of the

Finance Act, 1926, to make arrangements for enabling the

holders of any savings certificates to exchange them for

other securities, includes power to make arrangements for

enabling the holders of savings certificates of any issue

to exchange them for savings certificates of a later issue.

(3) In this section the expression "savings certificate" means a war savings certificate or a national

savings certificate, and the expression "currency " in

relation to a savings certificate means the period at the

expiration of which the certificate is required to be

redeemed or repaid.

44.—(1) Part I of this Act, so far as it relates to

duties of customs, shall be construed as one with the

Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and so far as it relates

to duties of excise shall be construed as one with the

Acts which relate to those duties and to the management

thereof.

(2) Part II of this Act shall be construed as one

with the Income Tax Acts.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment

shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as

amended by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

(4) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act,

1931.

(5) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate to

matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to

Northern Ireland.

(6) The enactments set out ha Part I of the Third

Schedule to this Act and, except so far as relates to the

division of the City of London, the enactments set out

in Part II of the said Schedule, are hereby repealed to

the extent mentioned in the third column of that

Schedule.

1031.

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

121

SCHEDULE S.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section, n

anil 27.

Incumbrances from which Land is not deemed to

BE FREE FOR PURPOSES OF VALUATION.

1. Such of the following incumbrances as would be binding

on a purchaser (being, where notice is material, a purchaser with

notice) in the event of the sale assumed for the purposes of

subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act, that is to say:—

(a) easements, including rights of withdrawing support and

any rights or advantages in the nature of easements

exercisable under any Act and rights or advantages in

the nature of easements which, by reason of their being

assumed to be included in a conveyance of another

land unit, are treated as easements in the valuation

thereof:

(b) rights of common, customary rights, public rights,

or rights of sheepwalk:

(c) liability to repair highways by reason of tenure:

(d) liability to repair the chancel of any church:

(e) liability in respect of the repair or maintenance of

embankments or sea or river walls:

(f) liability to pay any drainage rate made under the Land

Drainage Act, 1930, or any other enactment or award:

(g) restrictions on user which have become operative

imposed by or in pursuance of any Act or by any

agreement (not being a lease to which the unit

is subject):

Provided that where by or in pursuance of any Act or by

any agreement provision is made that a restriction on user shall

become operative when any buildings, erections or works on or in

a land unit cease to be thereon or therein, the restriction shall not be deemed to have become operative at the date as at which

the valuation of the unit is made by reason of its being assumed

for the purposes of the valuation that no such buildings, erections

or works were upon or in the land.

2. Any incumbrance created by a lease relating to minerals

or mineral way-leaves comprised in the land unit in so far as

tin* incumbrance affects rights of support or rights to receive

compensation for damage to the surface.

Ch. 28.

Finance Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Section 28. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Requirements in connection with production

op Instruments of Transfer.

1. Any person required by section twenty-eight of this Act

to produce any instrument to the Commissioners may, at his

option, either—

(a) furnish to the Commissioners with the instrument, a

document (signed by the transferee or lessee or by

some person on his behalf and showing his address),

giving particulars—

(i) of the description of the instrument;

(ii) of the date of the instrument;

(iii) of the names and addresses of the transferor

and transferee or lessor and lessee;

(iv) of the situation of the land to which the transaction relates, including any dimensions stated in the

instrument, and, if necessary for the identification of the land, a description of the boundaries thereof, or a

plan;

(v) of the estate or interest transferred, including,

where the transaction is the assignment or grant of a

lease or the transfer of a fee simple subject to a lease,

the term of the lease, the date of the commencement

of the term, and the rent reserved;

(vi) of the consideration, if any, other than the

rent shown under the last paragraph, showing

separately any capital payment, any mortgage debt

released, any mortgage debt covenanted to be paid,

any periodical payment (including any charge) covenanted to be paid, any terms surrendered, and any

land exchanged;

(vii) of any minerals, mineral rights, sporting righi s,

timber or easements reserved, and of any restrictions,

covenants, or conditions affecting the value of the

estate or interest transferred or granted; or

(b) furnish to the Commissioners with the instrument, a

copy of the instrument for retention by them; or

(c) furnish on demand to the Commissioners such information

as to the transfer effected or agreed to be effected, or the

lease granted or agreed to be granted, by the instrument,

as he may, within the period of six months next after

the instrument is produced to the Commissioners, be

required by them to furnish:

Finance Act, 1931.

Ch. 28.

123

1931.

Provided that if any of the particulars mentioned in the

sub-paragraphs hereinbefore contained, numbered (iv) and (v),

are not set out in the instrument and the requirements of

sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph are not complied with, the

person producing the instrument shall furnish therewith to the

Commissioners a document (signed by the transferee or lessee,

or by some person on his behalf and showing his address) giving

such of those particulars as are not so set out.

2. Any person producing any instrument to the Commissioners in accordance with the requirements aforesaid who does

not comply with the requirements of sub-paragraph (a) or of

sub-paragraph (b) of the last foregoing paragraph shall be deemed

to have elected to comply with the requirements of paragraph (c)

thereof.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Part I.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

' 13 & 44 Vict,

c. 19.

The Taxes Management Act, 1880.

1

In subsection (1) of section

eighty-six the words "by

" the Land Tax and

" General Commission-

" ers " and the words

" from the said respective

" Commissioners."

S & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 40.

The Income Tax Act,

1918.

Subsection (3) of section

ninety from the woids

"the division or" to the

end of the subsection.

17 & IS Geo. 5.

c. 10.

The Finance Act, 1927

Subsection (1) of section

thirty.

20 & 21 Geo. 5.

c 28.

The Finance Act, 1930

In subsection (4) of section

twenty-nine the words

from "and at the end"

to the end of the subsection and subsection (5) of the said section; section

forty-seven.

2nd Sen,

- colli.

124

Ch. 28, 29.

Finance Act, 1931.

Part II.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

43 & 44 Vict,

c. 19.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 40.

Tho Taxes Management Act, 1880.

The Income Tax Act,

1918.

Section seventy-seven; in

subsection (2) of section

eighty-three the words

" together with warrants

" for collecting the same

" in the prescribed form "

and in subsection (3) of

section eighty-three tho

words " and warrants."

Section seventy-one, from

" except in " to the end;

section seventy-two so far

as it authorises the

appointment of collectors

by Commissioners acting

under section seventy of the Act; sections eighty-

three and eighty-seven;

subsection (1) of section

eighty-eight; in subsection (2) of section one

hundred and fifty-three

the words "together with

" a warrant in the pre-

" scribed form for col-

" lecting and levying

" the tax charged " and in

subsection (3) of the said

section one hundred and

fifty-three the words "and

" warrants."

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine

hundred and thirty-two, and to appropriate the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Id 1st July 19dl.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TT7E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

\V the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

1031.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

125

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

session of Parliament., have resolved to grant unto Your

Majesty the. sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty-two, the sum of two

hundred and ninety-one million three hundred and

sixty-six thousand eight hundred pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or sums not exceeding in the whole two hundred and

ninety-one million three hundred and sixty-six thousand

eight hundred pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and thirty-two, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act,

1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not

apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later

than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the

money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer,

and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund,

and be available in any manner in which such Fuyd is

available.

Issue of

£291, 366, 800

out of the

Consolidated Fund.

Power for

the Treasury to

borrow.

>10 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

12G

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Appropriation of sums

voted for

supply services.

54 & 05 Vict,

c. 24.

Treasury

may, in certain cases of

exigency,

authorise

expenditure

unprovided

for; provided that

the aggregate grants

for the navy

services,

army ser •

vices and air

services respectively

he not exceeded.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this

section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge,

for the National Debt.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts

mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the

supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears

by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of

five hundred and eleven million nine hundred and

twenty-five thousand and forty-one pounds thirteen

shillings and sevenpenee are appropriated, and shall

be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date

of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said

Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed in

Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed

hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as

if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the

Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any

money directed under section two of the Public Accounts

and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in

aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified

in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set

forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. —(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on

naval, military and air services respectively is not made

to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act

for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any

vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum

realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote

over the sum which may be applied under this Act as

appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the

Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up

any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department,

or in defraying expenditure in the same department

which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to

the service of the department by this Act, and which

it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone

until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the

usual course.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

127

193 f.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the

sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary

application of a surplus under this section, and showing

the circumstances under which the sanction of the

Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House

of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the naval,

military and air services for the year, in order that any

temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the

Treasury under this section may be submitted for the

sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas surpluses arising on certain votes for

navy services have been applied as shown in the statement set out in Schedule (C), Part I, to this Act, and

whereas the sums granted by this Act for navy services

for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty, have been similarly

applied, and whereas under the powers given for the

purpose by the Appropriation Acts, 1929 and 1930,

surpluses arising on certain votes for the army and air

services respectively have been applied as shown in the

statement set out in Schedule (C), Parts II and III to

this Act.

It is enacted that the application as shown in the

said schedules of surpluses and of the sum now granted

is hereby sanctioned.

6. —(1) A person shall not receive any payment out

of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act

for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-

effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant

of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by

the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the

production of a declaration under this section in respect

of any payment if such a declaration has been subscribed

within a period of seven calendar months preceding the

date of the payment.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the

purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in

any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Sanction

for navy,

army and air

expenditure

for 1029

unprovided

for.

19 & 20

Geo. 6. o. 22.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 27.

Declaration

required

in certain

casea before

receipt of

sums appropriated.

(Short litle.

128

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Gift). 5.

Section 3.

Section 3.

A B 8 T R A C T

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

£ s. d.

Grants out of the ('onsolidated Fund fill, 925, 041 13 7

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriations of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1929 and 1930.

s.

d.

d.

Part

1 .

Navy Excess,

1929

122, 770

1

11

yy

2.

Civil Departments Excesses,

1929

11

8

14, 017

1

3

343, 771

yy

3.

Navy (Supplementary), 1930

495,000

0

0

* -329, 500

0

0

y>

4.

Civil (Supplementary), 1930

12, 898,000

0

0

701, 380

0

0

13, 804, 541

13

7

386, 497

1

3

1931.

l

1

Part

5.

Navy

51, 605,000

0

0

3, 074, 560

0

0

y>

6 .

Army

Army (Ordnance

39, 930,000

0

0

6, 709,000

0

0

Factories)

100

0

0

2, 573, 700

0

0

y>

7.

Air Force -

18, 100,000

0

0

3, 097, 200

0

0

109, 635, 100

0

0

15, 454, 460

0

0

* Deficit.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

129

1931.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriations op Grants— cont .

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

s.

d .

s.

d .

Part 8. Civil, Class I. -

2, 131, 824

0

0

2, 708, 357

0

0

, 9. Civil, Class II. -

5, 920, 328

0

0

768, 200

0

0

, 10. Civil, Class III. -

16, 343, 194

0

0

2, 359, 230

0

0

, 11. Civil, Class IV. -

58, 380, 598

0

0

6, 101, 501

0

0

, 12. Civil, Class V. -

119, 397, 538

0

0

8, 116, 572

0

0

, 13. Civil r Class VI. -

9, 019, 234

0

0

3, 284, 009

0

0

, 14. Civil, Class VII.-

8, 933, 189

0

0

1, 337, 030

0

0

, 15. Civil, Class VIII.

52, 680, 151

0

0

1, 226, 633

0

0

, 16. Civil, Class IX. -

82, 477

0

0

146, 840

0

0

, 17. Civil, Class X. -

45, 446, 287

0

0

6, 473, 638

0

0

Total, Civil £

318, 334, 820

0

0

32, 522, 010

0

0

Part 18. Revenue De-

partments, &c. -

70, 090, 580

0

0

2, 904, 103

0

0

Grand Total £

511, 925, 041

13

7

51, 267, 070

1

3

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended

31st day of March 1930—

on

the

s.

d.

Under Act 21 Geo. 5. c. 10

For the service of the year ended

on

the

471, 541

13

7

31st day of March 1931—

Under Act 21 Geo. 5. c. 1

For the service of the year ended

on

the

10, 500,000

0

0

31st day of March 1931—

Under Act 21 Geo. 5. c. 10

For the service of the year ending on the

2, 893,000

0

0

31st day of March 1932—

Under Act 21 Geo. 5. c. 10

206, 693, 700

0

0

Under this Act -

291, 366, 800

0

0

Total

£511, 925, 041

13

7

Sched. (B.)

Appropriations of

Grants.

Sched. (A.)

I

130

Cit. 29.

SCHED, (B)

Part 1.

Navy 1

Excesses,

1929.

SCHED. (B).

Part 2.

Civil

Departments

Excesses,

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULE (B).— Part 1.

Navy Excesses, 1929.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Sum granted to make good excesses of Navy expenditure

beyond the Grants for the year

£ .9. d.

£ s. (l .

ended 31st March 1930

122, 770 1 11

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 2.

Civil Departments Excesses, 1929.

Sums granted to make good Excesses on certain Grants for

Civil Departments for the Year ended 31st March 1930.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

CLASS II.

Diplomatic and Consular

Services -

£ s. d.

5, 523 3 4

£ S. d.

CLASS VI.

Office of Commissioners of

Crown Lands -

74 3 1

CLASS VIII.

Merchant Seamen’s War

Pensions -

907 15 2

Ministry of Pensions -

342, 266 10 1

14, 617 l 3

348, 771 11 8

14, 617 1 3

1931!

Appropriation Art, 1931.

Ch. 29.

131

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 3.

Navy (Supplementary), 1930.

Sum granted to meet Expenditure not provided for in the

grant for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day

of March 1931.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Navy

Services

(Supplementary),

1930.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Vote 1.—Wages, &c., of Officers and

Men of the Royal Navy, and

Royal Marines, &c.

60,000

, 2.—Victualling and Clothing for

the Navy -

Or. 117,000

* -25,000

, 8.—Shipbuilding, Repairs, Main-

tenance, &c.—

Section I.—Personnel -

Cr. 45,000

Section II.—Materiel -

Cr. 5, 500

* — 290,000

Section III.—Contract Work

559,000

5,000

, 9.—Naval Armaments -

171,000

* -25,000

, 10.—Works, Bu'ldings and Repairs

at Home and Abroad

Cr. 107,000

* - 9,000

, 11.—Miscellaneous Effective Ser-

vices ----

Cr. 23,000

12, 500

, 12.—Admiralty Office -

Cr. 20,000

2,000

, 13.—Non-Effective Services (Naval

and Marine)—Officers

7, 500

14. —Non-Effective Services (Naval

and Marine)—Men

15,000

495,000

* -329, 500

* Deficit.

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

low

Sched. (fe.) SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 4.

Part 4. _

Civil

(Supplementary), Civil (Supplementary), 1930.

1930.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the

charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for

the year ended on the 31st day of March 1931, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL.

Class I.

For the Salaries and Expenses of the

House of Commons -

8, 800

For a Grant in Aid of the Government j

Hospitality Fund

11,000

For the Salaries of the Establishment

under the Public Works Loan Commission and the Expenses of the Commission .

10

Class II.

For the Expenses in connection with His

Majesty’s Embassies, Missions, and

Consular Establishments Abroad, and

other Expenditure chargeable to the

Consular Vote; Relief of Refugees from

the Near East; certain special Grants,

including a Giant in Aid; Sundry

Services arising out of the War; and a

Loan to the European Commission of the Danube .....

02, 900

* — 40,000

For sundry Colonial and Middle Eastern

Services under His Majesty’s Secretary

of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and grants

in aid.

400,000

43,000

Carried forward £

482, 710

3,000

* Deficit.

urn:

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

133

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 4 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

482, 710

3,000

SCHED. (B.)

ART 4.

Civil

(Supplementary),

1930.

Class III.

For the Salaries of the Law Officers

Department; the Salaries and Expenses of the Departments of His

Majesty’s Procurator-General and of the Solicitor for the Affairs of His

Majesty’s Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; the Costs of Prosecutions, of

other Legal Proceedings, and of

Parliamentary Agency -

6,000

16,000

Class V.

For the payment of Old Age Pensions, for

certain Administrative Expenses in

connection therewith, and for Pensions

under the Blind Persons Act, 1920 -

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and subordinate

departments, including the Exchequer

contribution to the Unemployment

Fund, grants to associations, local

education authorities and others under

the Unemployment Insurance, Labour

Exchanges and other Acts; expenses

of the Industrial Court; contribution

towards the expenses of the International Labour Organisation (League

of Nations); expenses of training and

transference of workpeople and their

families within Great Britain and

oversea (including expenditure additional to that authorised under Section 2 (1) of the Labour Exchanges

Act, 1909), and sundry services, including services arising out of the war -

Carried forward - - £

350,000

10, 500,000 750,000

__________ •

11, 338, 710 769,000

134

Ch. 29.

Ajtpropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4

Civil

(Supplementary),

1930.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 4 — continued.

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward

Class VI.

Sums Lot exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

11, 338, 710

769,000

For the Salaries and Expenses of the

Mines Department of the Board of

Trade ----

14, 100

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries,

Expenses under the Agricultural Wages

(Regulation) Act, 1924, a Grant under

the Agricultural Credits Act, 1928,

Loans to Co-operative Marketing Societies, Grants for Agricultural Education and Research, Grants for Eradication of Tuberculosis in Cattle, Grants

for Land Improvement, Grants in Aid

of the Small Holdings Account, and

other Grants including certain Grants

in Aid; and the Salaries and Expenses

of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew -

80,000

For a Subsidy on Sugar and Molasses

manufactured from Beet grown in

Great Britain -

600,000

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland,

including Grants for Land Improvement, Agricultural Education and

Training, Loans to Co-operative Societies, a Grant under the Agricultural

Credits (Scotland) Act, 1929, a Grant

in respect of the Hebridean Drifter Service, and certain Grants in Aid -

I

Carried forward £

10,000

12, 042, 810

769,000

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

135

19ol.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 4— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward -

12, 042, 810

769,000

Class VII.

For Expenditure in respect of Employment Exchange and Insurance Buildings, Great Britain (including Ministries

of Labour and Health and the Department of Health for Scotland)

85,000

For Expenditure in respect of Sundry

Public Buildings in Great Britain, not

provided for on other Votes, including

Historic Buildings, Ancient Monuments

and Brompton Cemetery -

00,000

For expenditure in respect of Public

Buildings Overseas -

49, 500

For Expenditure in respect of Customs

and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post

Office and Telegraph Buildings in

Great Britain, certain Post Offices

abroad, and for certain Expenses in

connection with Boats and Launches

belonging to the Customs and Excise

Department.

19, 500

For expenditure in respect of royal parks

and pleasure gardens -

42,000

- -

For Rates and Contributions in lieu of

Rates, &c., in respect of Property in

the occupation of the Crown for the

Public Service, and for Rates on Buildings occupied by Representatives of

British Dominions and of Foreign

Powers; and to pay the Salaries and

Expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department, and a

Grant in Aid of the Expenses of the

London Fire Brigade -

70,000

Carried forward - - £

12, 368, 810

7<39,000

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4.

• Civil

(Supplementary),

1930.

136

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 GecJ. 5.

SCHED, (B.)

Past 4.

Civil *

(Supplementary),

1930.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 4 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

0

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward

12, 368, 810

769,000

Class VII— cont.

For Stationery, Printing, Paper, Binding

and Printed Books for the Public Service; for the Salaries and Expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry

Miscellaneous Services, including Reports of Parliamentary Debates -

24,000

66,000

For Expenditure in respect of Public

Works and Buildings in Ireland -

5,000

5,000

Class VIII.

For War Pensions and Allowances (including cost of Treatment) to Merchant

Seamen and Fishermen and their Dependants and the Administrative Expenses connected therewith

2, 700

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for sundry

Contributions in respect of the Administration of the Ministry of Pensions

Act, 1910, the War Pensions Acts, 1915

to 1921, and sundry Services

246, 500

3, 500

For the Expenses of Pensions, Compensation Allowances and Gratuities

awarded to retired and disbanded

members and staff of the Royal Irish

Constabulary, and to widows and

children of such members, including

Annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of Commutation

of Compensation Allowances and

certain extra-Statutory Payments

4,000

, Carried forward - - £

12, 651, 010

843, 500

J 931.

137

Appropriation Act, 1931. Ch. 29.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 4 — continued.

_!_

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

CIVIL — cont.

Brought forward -

Class IX.

12, 651, 010

843, 500

ror Expenditure arising out of Contracts

dated 9th April 1918 and 3rd March

1922, entered into with the Zinc Producers’ Association Proprietary, Limited, to give effect to agreements made

in 1916 and 1917 for the purchase of

Zinc Concentrates -

246, 990

* —142, 120

12, 898,000

701, 380

Deficit.

Sched. (B.)

Part 4.

Civil

(Supplementary).

1930.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 5.

NAVY.

schedule or Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1932; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1. For wages, &c., to 94, 200 officers,

seamen, and boys, and royal

marines; and civilians employed

on fleet services -

3. For victualling and clothing for

the navy, including the cost of

victualling establishments at

13, 686,000

64, 136

home and abroad -

3. For medical services, including the

cost of medical establishments at

3, 401, 200

676, 538

home and abroad ...

400, 500

66, 053

Carried forward - - £

17, 487, 700

806, 727

Sched. (B.)

Part 6.

Navy.

138

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Sc’HED. (B.)

Part 5.

Navy. 1

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 5— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

17, 487, 700

806, 727

4. For the fleet air arm ...

1, 126,000

5. For educational services -

232,000

67, 677

6. For scientific services -

7. For the royal naval reserve, the

royal fleet reserve, and the royal

482, 500

73, 217

naval volunteer reserve, &c.

8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c.,

at dockyards and naval yards at

389, 700

346

home and abroad -

, Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance,

&c., at dockyards and naval

6, 427,000

124, 678

yards at home and abroad -

, Sect. 3. For contract work for ship-

4, 683, 870

1, 152, 430

building, repairs, &o. -

4, 456, 200

66, 470

9. For naval armaments

10. For works buildings, and repairs at

home and abroad, including the

cost of superintendence, purchase

of sites, grants and other charges

3, 433, 500

368, 060

connected therewith -

11. For various miscellaneous effective

2, 288, 500

285, 350

services ----

661, 230

69,000

12. For the Admira’ty Office

13. For non-effective services (naval

1, 141, 200

13, 473

and marine)—officers -

14. For non-effective services (naval and

3, 127, 500

18, 667

marine)—men - -

15. For civil superannuation, compen-

4, 650, 400

25 050

sation allowances and gratuities -

1, 017, 700

3, 415

Total, Navy Services £

51, 605,000

3.074, 560

1031.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

139

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 6.

SCHED. (B.)

.Part 6.

Army.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on 31st day of March 1932; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c., of His Majesty’s

Army (to a number not exceeding

148, 800) at home and abroad

(exclusive of His Majesty’s Indian

Possessions other than Aden)

2. For the Army Reserve, Supplementary Reserve, Territorial Army,

Officers’ Training Corps, and

9, 343,000

2, 767,000

Colonial Militia, &c. -

5, 543,000

39,000

3. For medical services ...

972,000

39, 800

4. For educational establishments

850,000

133,000

5. For quartering and movements

6. For supplies, road transport, and

1, 394,000

735,000

remounts ....

4, 338,000

349,000

7. For clothing ----

1, 111,000

120,000

8. For general stores - -

9. For warlike stores, including technical

1, 355,000

1

196,000

establishments -

2, 211,000

753,000

Carried forward £

27, 117,000

5, 131, 800

140

Ch. 20.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B

Part 6.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 6— continued.

i

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

27, 117,000

5, 131, 800

No.

10. For works, buildings, and lands,

including military and civilian

staff and other charges in connection therewith -

2, 676,000

260,000

11. For miscellaneous effective services -

558,000

544,000

12. For the War Office ...

829,000

8,000

13. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective charges for officers

3, 987,000

283, 100

14. For the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, and

Kilmainham hospital, out-pen-

sions, rewards for distinguished

service, widows’ pensions, and

other non-effective charges for

warrant officers, non-commissioned

officers, and men, &c.

4, 517,000

482,000

15. For civil superannuation, compensation, additional allowances,

gratuities, injury grants, &c.

246,000

100

Total, Army Services £

39, 930,000

6, 709,000

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the ordnance factories, the cost of

productions of which will be charged

to the army, navy, air force and

Indian, Dominion and Colonial Governments -

100

2, 573, 700

Total Army Services'!

(including Ordnance >£

39, 930, 100

9, 282, 700

Factories) J

1931.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

141

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 7. SCHED. (B.)

_ Part 7.

Air.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Ant Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1932, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

No.

1. For the pay. &c., of 32,000 of all

ranks of the Air Force (exclusive

of those serving in His Majesty’s

Indian Possessions, other than

Aden). 3, 907,000 065,000

2. For the quartering, stores (except

technical), supplies, and transport 1, 721,000 127,000

3. For technical and warlike stores

(including experimental and research services) - 7, 672,000 1, 790,000

4. For works, buildings, repairs, and

lands, including civilian staff, and

other charges connected therewith 1, 790,000 256,000

5. For medical services ... 302,000 19,000

6. For educational services - 484,000 11,000

7. For auxiliary and reserve forces - 599,000 200

8. For Civil Aviation ... 470,000 181,000

9. For the meteorological and miscellaneous effective services - - 245,000 25,000

10. For the Air Ministry ... 656,000 3,000

11. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective services ... 254,000 20,000

Total Am Services - £ 18, 100,000 3, 097, 200

142

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 GeL. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil.

Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1932, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices of the House of Lords

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

52, 799

21, 400

House of Commons -

3. For expenses under the Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to

364, 864

13, 500

1928 .

4. For the salaries and other expenses

in the department of His Majesty’s

Treasury and subordinate depart-

240,000

ments.

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s most

319, 543

21, 124

Honourable Privy Council -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

8, 099

6,000

office of the Lord Privy Seal

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Charity Commission for England

5, 723

and Wales ....

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

38, 327

3, 700

Civil Service Commission -

27, 151

34,000

Carried forward £

1, 056, 506

99, 724

SCHEDULE (B.)~ Part 8.

CIVIL.— Class I.

1931.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

143

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

1, 056, 506

99, 724

No.

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Comptroller

and Auditor General -

140, 750

8, 824

10. For making good the deficiency on

the Income Account of the Fund

for Friendly Societies -

6, 076

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Government

Actuary .....

34, 389

1, 650

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Government

Chemist .....

64, 344

1, 519

13. For a grant-in-aid of the Govern-

ment Hospitality Fund

12,000

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses

of coinage, and the expenses of the preparation of medals, dies

for postage and other stamps, and

His Majesty’s seals ...

200,000

2, 525,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office ...

3, 599

23, 584

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Savings Committee

82, 876

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

Public Record Office and of the

Office of Land Revenue Records

and Inrolments -

38, 386

588

Carried forward - £

1, 638, 926

j 2, 660, 889

SCHED. (B.)

ART 8.

Civil.

Class I.

144

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 8 —continued.

Part C. ' '

Civil.

Class X. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 1, 038, 926 2,000, 889

No.

18. For the salaries of the establishment

under the Public Works Loan

Commission and the expenses of the Commission - 100 23, 200

19. For making the payment due to the

Local Loans Fund in respect of

advances in Northern Ireland and

to make good certain sums written

off from the assets of the Local

Loans Fund - 151, 902 —

20. For the salaries and other expenses

of Royal Commissions, Committees, and Special Inquiries, &c.,

including provision for Shorthand

and the expenses of surplus stores,

&c., liquidation - 44,000 10, 090

21. For certain miscellaneous expenses,

including certain grants-in-aid

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries - 5, 926 12, 350

22. For His Majesty’s foreign and other

secret services 180,000 —

23. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish office and subordinate offices, expenses under the

Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900,

expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act,

1899; a subsidy for transport

services to the Western Highlands

and Islands; and a grant in lieu

of Land Tax .... 75, 842 1, 768

24. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain Miscellaneous advances - ... 35, 128 —

Total, Civil, Class I. - £ 2, 131, 824 2, 708, 357

1931.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

145

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil.

Class II.

CIVIL.— Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1932, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for Foreign

Affairs. 188, 943 107, 861

2. For the expenses in connection with

His Majesty’s embassies, missions,

and consular establishments

abroad, and other expenditure

chargeable to the Consular Vote,

certain special grants, including a

grant in aid, sundry services

arising out of the War and a

loan to the European Commission

of the Danube - 1, 114, 644 447, 195

3. For a contribution towards the expenses of the League of Nations

and for other expenses in connection therewith, including British

Representation before the Permanent Court of International

Justice ---- 117, 500 —

Carried forward - £ 1, 421, 087 555, 056

K

146

Ch. 26.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9..

Civil.

Class II.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 9 — continued.

Sums nut exceeding

Brought forward

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Dominion

Affairs -

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1, 421, 087

61, 714

555, 056

46, 624

5. For Bundry Dominion services, including a grant-in-aid and for

expenditure in connection with

ex-service men in the Irish Free

State and for a grant-in-aid to the

Irish Free State in respect of compensation to transferred officers -

09, 030

12, 180

6. For a grant in aid of the Empire

Marketing Fund -

659,000

7. For the expenses connected with

Oversea Settlement, and expenses

arising out of the Empire Settlement Act, 1922 -

264, 750

8. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for the Colonies

149, 180

70,000

3, 070

9. For sundry Colonial and Middle

Eastern services under His

Majesty’s Secretary of State for the

Colonies, including certain non-

effective services, and grants in aid

(including a supplementary sum

of £105,000) -

Carried forward - £

1, 715, 716 81, 270

4, 370, 486 768, 200

1931 *

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

147

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

SCBED. (B.)

fART 9.

Civil.

Class IT.

Brought forward

4, 370, 486

768, 200

No.

10. For a Grant in Aid of the Colonial

Development Fund and for Grants

towards Interest on certain Overseas Loans -

758, 342

11. For a contribution towards the cost

of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for India in

Council, including a grant in aid

together with a sum due to the

Government of India in respect

of the Navy, Army, and Air Force

Insurance Fund (including a

supplementary sum of £50,000) -

189, 500

12. For certain salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land

in the United Kingdom, and a

grant in aid of the Imperial War

Graves Commission Fund, formed

under Royal Charter, 21st May

1917, and a contribution towards

an endowment fund ...

Total, Civil, Class II. - £

602,000

5, 920, 328

768, 200

148

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil *

Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1932, viz. :—

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10.

CIVIL.— Class III.

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of His Majesty’s Secretary of

State for the Home Department

and subordinate offices, including

liquidation expenses of the Royal

Irish Constabulary and contributions towards the expenses of

probation.

2. For the expenses of the maintenance

of criminal lunatics in the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum -

3. For the salaries of the Commissioner

and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the

Receiver for the Metropolitan

Police District, bonus to Metropolitan Police Magistrates, the

contribution towards the expenses

of the Metropolitan Police, the

salaries and expenses of the

Inspectors of Constabulary, and

other grants in respect of Police

Expenditure, including places of

detention, a grant in aid of the

Police Federation and a contribution towards the expenses of the

International Criminal Police

Commission -

« Carried forward - - £

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

457, 434

51, 910

68, 466

4, 652

10, 854, 129

210

11, 380, 029

56, 772

193L

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

149

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 10 — continued. Sched. (B.)

PART 10.

-Civil.

Sums not exceeding Class III.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 11, 380, 029 56, 772

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Prison Commissioners

and of the prisons in England and

Wales. 952, 089 217,000

5. For grants in respect of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in

reformatory and industrial schools,

in England and Wales, and whilst

under supervision in auxiliary

homes or elsewhere; also for the

payment of salaries and other

expenses in connection with the

collection of parental contributions

towards the maintenance of such

children. 213, 153 16, 530

6. For such of the salaries and expenses

of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal

as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, including bonus on

certain statutory salaries, and a

grant in aid, and the salaries and

expenses of pensions appeals tribunals ..... 100 484, 543

7. For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts,

including bonus to County Court

Judges ..... 100 726, 833

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Land Registry - - 100 176, 746

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Public Trustee - - 100 229, ij95

Carried forward £ 12, 545, 671 1, 908, 019

150

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Ad, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 10S

Civil.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10 — continued.

Sums hot exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

12, 545, 671

1, 908, 019

No.

10. For the salaries of the law officers

department, the salaries and expenses of the departments of His

Majesty’s Procurator-General and

of the Solicitor for the Affairs of

His Majesty’s Treasury, and of the department of the Director of

Public Prosecutions, the costs

of prosecutions, of other legal

proceedings, and of Parliamentary

Agency.

j

150, G38

i

41, 073

11. For certain miscellaneous legal

expenses, for the salaries and expenses of arbitrators, &c., under

the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919,

and for a grant in aid of the expenses of the Law Society -

37, 560

4, 200

12. For the salary and expenses of the

Inspector of Constabulary, grants

in respect of Police expenditure

and a grant in aid of the Police

Federation in Scotland

1, 109, 958

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

Prisons Department for Scotland

and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of

criminal lunatics, defectives, and

inmates of the State inebriate

reformatory and the preparation

of judicial statistics -

129, 528

19, 138

l

Carried forward £

13, 973, 355

1, 972, 430

ion?.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

151

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 10— continued. SCHED. (B.)

' T> a nm 1 A

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appro r>riations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

13, 973, 355

1, 972, 430

No.

14. For the expense of the maintenance

of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial

schools, and in auxiliary homes

in Scotland, including the expenses of collection of parental

contributions ....

53, 968

4, 400

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Scottish Land Court,

including bonus to members of the

Court.

8, 370

290

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s department and

other law charges, the salaries

and expenses of the Courts of

Law and Justice and of pensions

appeals tribunals in Scotland,

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries ----

60, 387

143,000

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices in His Majesty’s General

Register House, Edinburgh -

100

66, 981

18. For the cost of certain Northern

Ireland services, including expenditure in connection with ex-

service officers and men in Northern

Ireland, and bonus on certain

statutory salaries -

11, 976

6, 404

Carried forward £

14, 108, 156

2, 19?, 505

Ch. 20.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Ge<5. 5.

ir, 2

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil. *

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

14, 108, 156

2, 193, 505

No.

19. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of

Judicature and Court of Criminal

Appeal of Northern Ireland,

and of the Land Registry of

Northern Ireland, as are not

charged on the Consolidated Fund,

and other expenses ...

16, 220

30, 975

20. For the salaries and expenses of the Land Purchase Commission,

Northern Ireland, including the

payment of land purchase annuities in Northern Ireland and the

expenses of certain land purchase

services in the Irish Free State

reserved as an imperial liability -

2, 218, 818

134, 750

Total, Civil, Class III. - £

16, 343, 194

2, 359, 230

1931. '

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

153

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 11.

Civil.

Class IV.

CIVIL.— Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1932, viz. :—

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the

various establishments connected

therewith, including sundry grants

in aid ----

2. For the salaries and other expenses

of the British Museum, including

a grant in aid -

3. For the salaries and other expenses

of the British Museum (Natural

History), including a grant in aid

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Imperial War Museum, including

a grant in aid of purchases -

5. For the salaries and expenses in

respect of the London Museum,

Lancaster House, including a

grant in aid -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, and of the

National Gallery of British Art,

Millbank, including a grant in aid

for the purchase of pictures -

Carried forward - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

48, 362, 377

5.311, 870

181, 471

33, 439

103, 771

1, 970

11, 959

960

5, 757

1, 290

32, 680

3, 505

48, 698, 015

i

5, 353, 034

154

Ch. 20.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Grio. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Tart Ik

Civil.

Class IV.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 11 — continued.

No.

7.

8 .

9.

10 .

11 .

12 .

13 .

Sums i\ot exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward ...

48, 098, 015

5, 353, 034

For the salaries and expenses of the

National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase

of portraits -

8, 088

1, 020

For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection ...

10, 585

1, 890

For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c., and other

grants ----

240, 084

For grants in aid of the expenses of

certain Universities, Colleges.

Medical Schools, &c., in Great

Britain and for grants to the

Universities of Scotland under

the Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929 .

1, 830,000

For public education in Scotland,

and for the Royal Scottish

Museum, Edinburgh, including

sundry grants in aid -

7, 582, 020

740, 150

For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland,

the Scottish National Portrait

Gallery, and the Museum of

Antiquities, including certain

grants in aid -

9, 999

209

For the salaries and expenses of the

National Library, Scotland, including a giant in aid

1, 201

5, 138

Total, Civil, Class IV. £

58, 380, 598

0, 101, 501

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

155

193f.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12

Civil.

Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1932, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including

grants and other expenses in

connection with Housing, certain

grants to local authorities, &c.,

grants in aid in respect of benefits

and expenses of administration

under the National Health Insurance Acts, certain expenses in

connection with the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts and other

services ----

19, 616, 212

1, 182,000

1a. For special grants in respect of

employment schemes in necessitous areas in England and Wales

125,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Control, England, including expenses under the

Lunacy and Mental Treatment

Acts and the Mental Deficiency

Acts, and grants in respect of the

maintenance of certain ex-service

mental patients - -

147, 620

23, G20

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Registrar

General of Births, &c. -

328, 948

26, 500

Carried forward £

20, 217, 780

1, 232, 120

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12.

CIVIL.— Class V.

150

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Gf.6. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12 *

Civil.

Class V.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

No. Brought forward

4. For the salaries and expenses of the audit staff under the National

Health Insurance Acts, 1924 to

1928 .

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies -

6. For the payment of Old Age Pensions, for certain administrative

expenses in connection therewith,

and for pensions under the Blind

Persons Act, 1920 ...

7. For payment to the Treasury Pensions Account in accordance with

the provision of the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1929

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including

the Exchequer contribution to

the Unemployment Fund, giants

to associations, local education

authorities and others under the

Unemployment Insurance, Labour

Exchanges and other Acts; expenses of the Industrial Court;

contribution towards the expenses

of the International Labour Organisation (League of Nations),

expenses of training and transference of workpeople and their

families within Great Britain and

Oversea (including expenditure

additional to that authorised

under section 2 (1) of the Labour

Exchanges Act, 1909), and sundry

services, including services arising

• out of the war -

Canned forward £

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

20, 217, 780

1, 232, 120

102, 650

45, 102

3, 710

5, 100

38, 234,000

3,000

10,000,000

44, 860,000

6, 708,000

113, 525, 532

7, 951, 930

1931.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

157

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grant*.

in Aid.

Brought forward

113.525, 532

7, 951, 930

No.

9. For grants to local authorities, &c.,

in pursuance of Part II. of the

Development (Loan Guarantees

and Grants) Act, 1929, and for

payments in respect of certain

grants made prior to 31st day of

August 1929, in respect of employment schemes ...

3,000,000

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for

Scotland, including grants and

other expenses in connection with

housing, certain grants to local

authorities, &c., grant in aid of the Highlands and Islands medical

service, grants in aid of benefits

and expenses of administration

under the National Health Insurance Acts, certain expenses in

connection with the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, and other

services ----

2, 727, 203

162, 132

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

General Board of Control for

Scotland, including expenses under

the Lunacy (Scotland) and Mental

Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, and

grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service mental

patients ----

16, 929

510

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland

67, 874

2,000

13. For special grants in respect of employment schemes for necessitous

areas in Scotland -

60,000

Total., Civil, Class V. £

119.397, 53.8

8, 116, 572

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil.

Class V.

158

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 13.

Part 13.‘

Civil. -

Class VI.

CIVIL— Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1932, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Committee of Privy

Council for Trade, and subordinate

departments, including certain

Services arising out of the War - 204, 115 375, 007

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Trade under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1914 and 1926, and

the Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926 ... 160 158, 926

3. For the salaries and expenses of

certain services transferred from

the Mercantile Marine Fund and

other services connected with the

Mercantile Marine, including the

Coastguard, Genera! Register and

Record Office of Shipping and

Seamen, Merchant Seamen’s Fund

Pensions and grants to the General

Lighthouse Fund and other Lighthouse Authorities ... 350, 209 283, 614

817, 547

Carried forward

554, 424

1931/

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

159

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 13— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B)

Part 13.

Civil.

Class VI.

Brought forward

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Overseas Trade,

including grants in aid of the

Imperial Institute and the Travel

Association of Great Britain

5. For guarantees in respect of exports

of goods wholly or partly produced

or manufactured in the United

Kingdom and for the salaries and

expenses of the Export Credits

Guarantee Department

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

Mines Department of the Board of

Trade .

7. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Commissioners of

Crown Lands, including bonus to

Commissioner and Secretary

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and

Fisheries and of the Royal Botanic

Gardens, Kew, including grants

and grants in aid in respect of

Agricultural Education and Research, Eradication of Diseases of

Animals, and Fishery Research;

and grants, and grants in aid,

loans, and expenses in respect of

Improvement of Breeding, &c., of

Live Stock; Land Settlement,

Cultivation, Improvement, Drainage, &c.; Regulation of Agricultural Wages, Agricultural

Credits, Co-operation, and Marketing; Fishery Development; and

sundry other services.

Carried forward - £

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

554, 424

817, 547

424, 507

95, 450

100

103, 378

320, 521

82, 142

32, 214

2, 310, 152

039, 401

1

3, 041, 018

1, 827, 978

1(30

Ch. 20.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13

Civil.

Class VI

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 13 — continued.

Brought forward

No.

9. For a subsidy on sugar and molasses

manufactured from beet grown in

Great Britain (including a supplementary sum of £225,000) -

10. For the expenses of the survey of

Great Britain and of minor

services connected therewith (including a supplementary sum of

£29, 700).

11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry

Fund -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport under

the Ministry of Transport Act,

1919, expenses of the Railway

Rates Tribunal under the Railways Act, 1921, expenses under

the London Traffic Act, 1924,

expenses in respect of advances

under the Light Railways Act,

1896, expenses of maintaining

Holyhead Harbour, advances to

meet deficit in Ramsgate Harbour

Fund, advances to Caledonian

and Crinan Canals, and for expenditure in connection with the

Severn Barrage Investigation

13. For a grant in aid of the Development Fund -

Carried forward

Sums uot exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

3, 641, 918

1, 827, 978

2, 375,000

163, 870

105, 930

665,000

103, 522

353, 785

500,000

7, 509, 310

2, 287, 693

1931. '

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

1G1

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 13 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

7, 509, 310

2, 287, 693

No.

14. For grants to public utility undertakings in Great Britain

400,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the

Geological Survey of Great Britain,

and Museum of Practical Geology

and a grant in aid ...

456, 004

196, 229

16. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts,

including the salaries of the

central office and the cost of

provision and management of

licensed premises ...

100

619, 395

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Agriculture for

Scotland, including grants for

land improvement, agricultural

education and research, loans to

co-operative societies, a grant

under the Agricultural Credits

(Scotland) Act, 1929, a grant in

respect of the Hebridean Drifter

Service and certain grants in aid

572, 313

151, 330

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland,

including expenses of marine

superintendence, and grant in

aid of piers or quays; also loans to

herring fishermen ...

81, 507

29, 362

Total, Civil, Class VI. £

9, 019, 234

3, 284, 009

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Civil.

Class VI.

L

1G2

Ch. 20.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Gilo. 5.

Sched. (fe.) SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 14.

Past 14.

Civil. -

Class VII.

CIVIL.— Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of

payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1932, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of Art and

Science buildings, Great Britain -

2. For expenditure in respect of

Houses of Parliament buildings -

3. For expenditure in respect of

Housing Estates under the

management of the Office of

Works -

4. For expenditure in respect of Employment Exchange, and Insurance buildings, Great Britain

(including Ministries of Labour

and Health and the Department of

Health for Scotland) -

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, including the whole additional cost of

a new Sheriff Court House at

Edinburgh -

6. For expenditure in respect of

Osborne -

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Commissioners of His

Majesty’s Works and Public

Buildings -

Carried forward £

476, 200

116, 430

39, 320

650

13, 590

24, 540

716,000

8, 035

116, 650

15, 930

1,000

5, 250

573, 260

185, 600

2, 028, 060

264, 395

193>.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Cit. 29.

193

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 14 — continued .

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

No.

8. For expenditure in respect of

sundry public buildings in Great

Britain, not provided for on

other Votes, including Historic

Buildings, Ancient Monuments

2, 028, 060

264, 395

and Brompton Cemetery -

9. For expenditure in respect of public

1, 227, 250

188, 655

buildings overseas -

10. For expenditure in respect of royal

250, 360

10, 500

palaces, including a grant in aid -

11. For expenditure in respect of

Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and Telegraph

buildings in Great Britain, certain

Post Offices abroad, and for certain expenses in connection with

boats and launches belonging to

the Customs and Excise Department (including a supplementary

87, 150

11, 855

sum of £78,000) ...

12. For expenditure in respect of royal

1, 269, 900

25, 755

parks and pleasure gardens -

13. For rates and contributions in lieu

of rates, &c., in respect of property

in the occupation of the Crown

for the Public Service, and for

rates on buildings occupied by Representatives of British Dominions

and of Foreign Powers, and to pay

the salaries and expenses of the

Rating of Government Property

Department, and a grant in aid

of the expenses of the London

220, 070

47, 420

Fire Brigade ....

1, 997, 167

25, 975

Carried forward - - £

7, 080, 557

574, 555

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14.

Civil.

Class VII.

104

Ch. 20.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14.

Civil.

Class VII.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 15.

Civil.

Class VIII.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 14— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Brants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

7, 080, 557

574, 555

No.

14. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the

public service, for the salaries and

expenses of the Stationery Office,

and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates -

1, 726, 982

720,000

15. For the expense of constructing

a new harbour of refuge at

Peterhead ----

32,000

16. For expenditure in respect of public

works and buildings in Ireland

93, 650

42, 475

Total, Civil, Class VII. £

8, 933, 189

1, 337, 030

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 15.

CIVIL.— Class VIII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the suras which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1932,

viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For War pensions and allowances

(including cost of treatment) to

merchant seamen and fishermen

and their dependants, and the

administrative expenses connected

therewith.

357, 488

Carried forward - £

357, 488

1931.

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

105

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 15— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grant?. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 357, 488 —

No.

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for

sundry contributions in respect

of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916,

the War Pensions Acts, 1915

to 1921, and sundry services - 50, 039,000 22,000

3. For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and

disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and

to widows and children of such

members, including annuities to

the National Debt Commissioners

in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain

extra-statutory payments - - 670, 680 1, 141, 883

4. For superannuation, compensation,

compassionate and additional

allowances and gratuities under

sundry Statutes, compassionate

allowances, gratuities and supplementary pensions awarded by

the Treasury, and, under the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920,

by the Civil Service Committee - 1, 612, 983 62, 750

SCHED. (B.)

Part 15.

Civil.

Class VIII.

Total, Class VIII.

£ 52, 680, 151 1, 226, 633

166

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Ge^. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part Id*!

Civil.

Class IX.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 16.

CIVIL.— Class IX.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1932, viz.

Suma not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

clearing office for enemy debts (including enemy property department), shipping liquidation, and

certain other services arising out

of the war.

2. For expenditure arising out of

contracts dated 9th April 1918,

and 3rd March 1922, entered into

with the Zinc Producers’ Association Proprietary, Limited, to

give effect to agreements made in

1916 and 1917, for the purchase

17, 190

109, 203

of Zinc Concentrates -

65, 287

37, 577

Total, Class IX. - - £

82, 477

146, 840

193 k

Appropriation Act, 1931.

Ch. 29.

167

SCHED. (B.)

Part 17.

Civil.

Class X.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1932, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For grants to local authorities in

England and Wales, authorised by

Part VI of the Local Government

Act, 1929 - -

39, 760,000

5, 790,000

2. For grants to local authorities in

Scotland authorised by the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1929

5, 686, 287

683, 638

Total, Class X. £

45, 446, 287

6, 473, 638

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 17.

CIVIL.—Class X.

168

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 18.

Revenue

Departments, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments,

&c., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in

course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day

of March 1932, viz :—

Sums not exceeding

i

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department -

4, 845, 500

213, 400

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department (in-

eluding a supplementary sum of

£290,000).

7, 013, 080

174, 0C0

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Post Office, including Telegraphs

and Telephones -

58, 232,000

2, 516, 703

Total, Revenue Departments - £

70, 090, 580

2, 904, 103

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 18.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Appropriation Act, 1931

Ch. 29,

169

193

1

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part I. SCHED. (C.)

Part I.

Navy

Services.

Section 5.

Navy Services, 1929,

Votes.

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ t. d.

£ *. d.

£ a. d.

£ a. d.

1. Wages, &c. ...

60, 071 6 6

7, 758 14 7

2. Victualling ...

47, 655 10 6

3. Modicol Establishments

3, 233 8 8

5. Educational Services -

645 4 10

6. Scientific Services

619 17 3

7. Royal Naval Reserve

175 14 0

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs Main-

tenanee, &c .—

I. Personnel -

9, 124 0 8

II. Materiel ...

133, 073 10 8

III. Contract Work -

44, 844 2 0

18, 072 8 6

9. Naval Armaments

347, 296 12 8

22, 937 8 0

10. Works, Buildings and Re-

pairs ... -

161, 022 14 10

11, 052 9 11

11. Miscellaneous Effective

Services ...

41, 446 6 4

37, 735 7 0

12. Admiralty Office

8, 489 1 3

647 6 5

13. Non - effective Services—

Officers ...

8, 626 11 0

1, 270 2 5

14. Non - effective Services—

Men -

20, 134 5 11

3, 020 19 6

lo. Civil Superannuation, &c. -

13, 672 10 8

2, 128 11 1

Balances Irrecoverable and

Claims abandoned

1, 239 3 7

Navy Votes generally

707, 260 1 3

690, 842 13 9

00

1-

GO

r S

<N

707, 260 1 3

82, 996 12 3

Excess Vote

122, 770 1 11

096, 842 13 9 216, 184 1 8 830, 030 3 2 82, 996 12 3

£913, 026 16a. 6 d.

£913, 026 16a. M.

Ch. 29.

Appropriation Act, 1931. 21 & 22 Gib. 5.

SCHED. (C.)

Part II.

Army

Services.

Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part II.

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Army Services, 1929,

Votes.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Appropriation Act, 1931

Ch. 29,

171

1931 J .

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part III.

SCHED. (C.)

Part III.

Air Services.

Section 5.

Air Services, 1929,

Votes.

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ s. J.

£ «. d.

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

1. Pay, &c. of the Air Force -

--

33, 204 9 9

5, 382 4 10

2. Quartering Stores (except

Technical), Supplies and

Transport

531 2 8

6, 941 15 3

3. Technical and Warlike

Stores (including Experi-

mental and Research Ser-

vices) ....

12, 500 3 11

1, 827 4 5

4. Works, Buildings and

Lands ....

25, 032 1 9

30, 489 11 4

6. Medical Services

21, 871 10 7

4, 207 12 4

6. Educational Services -

22, 411 19 11

330 14 8

7. Auxiliary and Reserve

Forces ....

24, 317 14 9

1, 470 2 0

8. Civil Aviation •

1, 707 10 5

3, 723 10 3

9. Meteorological and Miscel-

laneous Effective Services

3, 769 15 0

2, 701 5 1

10. Air Ministry ...

1, 437 10 10

1, 024 14 2

11. Half - Pay, Pensions and

other Non-effective Sor-

vices -

2, 834 9 3

205 9 0

Balances Irrecoverable and

Claims Abandoned

2, 384 9 0

64, 240 9 5

4, 065 17 6

95, 195 6 10

52, 546 13 5

Total Deficits:

Total Surpluses:

£08, 300

0s. lid. |

£147, 742 0s. 3d.

Net Surplus:

£79, 435 13s. 4 d.

172

Cir. 30.

Probation of 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

Probation

officers.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 17.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 59

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the law relating to Probation of

Offenders in Scotland.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, -—(1) For the purposes of the Probation of

Offenders Act, 1907 (in this Act referred to as " the

principal Act "), one or more salaried probation officers

shall be appointed for every probation area, and it

shall be the duty of such probation officers to undertake

the supervision of persons in respect of whom supervision is required by a probation order whether made

by a court of summary jurisdiction, by the sheriff, or by

the High Court of Justiciary:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in any

probation area where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that no salaried probation officer

is necessary.

(2) The probation committee of a probation area

shall pay such sums by way of salary or remuneration

to the salaried probation officers appointed for the

area and the probation committee may pay to such

probation officers, and to any voluntary probation

officers named in probation orders made by the sheriff

or by any court of summary jurisdiction in the area

or made by the High Court of Justiciary in respect of

persons who have been committed for trial in the area,

such sums on account of expenses incurred by those

officers in the performance of their duties as, subject to

the provisions of this Act with respect to scales of

salaries, remuneration and expenses, may be agreed

upon between the committee and the local authority

concerned, or, failing agreement, may be determined by

the Secretary of State.

(3) (a) For the purposes of the Local Government

and other Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1922, a salaried

probation officer for any probation area shall be deemed

1931. J

Probation of

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

Ch. 30.

tt> be an officer in the permanent service of the local

authority for the area occupying a post which the local

authority may designate as an established post for the

said purposes;

(b) In the application of the last foregoing paragraph

to a probation area which comprises in whole or in part

the areas of two or more local authorities there shall be

substituted for the local authority for the area—

(i) in the case where the aforesaid Act of 1922 applies

to only one of such authorities, that authority;

(ii) in the case where the said Act apph'es to more

than one of such authorities, such one of the

authorities to whom the Act applies as may be

agreed between them or, failing agreement, be

determined by the Secretary of State;

(c) Any equivalent contribution under section

eighteen of the aforesaid Act of 1922 which is payable

in pursuance of this subsection in respect of a salaried

probation officer for any probation area shall be paid

by the probation committee for the area and shall be

included among the expenses to which subsection (1)

of section six of this Act applies;

(d) References in this subsection to the Local Government and other Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1922, and

to the equivalent contribution under section eighteen

thereof, shall be deemed to include, respectively, references to any provisions in a local Act or in any scheme

thereunder relating to the superannuation of the officers

or servants of a local authority and to any payment in

pursuance of such provision or of any scheme thereunder

similar to the said equivalent contribution. Provided

that for the purposes of any such Act or scheme which

contains no provision for the designation of posts as

established posts a salaried probation officer shall be

deemed to be an officer or servant of the local authority

if the local authority so determine.

(4) In addition and without prejudice to the provisions of section four of the principal Act (which relates

to the duties of probation officers) it shall be the duty of a

probation officer, subject to the discretion of the court,

to perform such other duties in connection with the

probation of offenders as may be prescribed.

m

Ch. 30.

Probation of 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

Probation 2. — (1) Subject as hereinafter provided, each large

areas. burgh and each county inclusive of every small burgh

situate therein shall be a probation area:

Provided that—

(i) for the purposes of this subsection the counties

of Perth and Kinross shall be deemed to be

one county and the counties of Moray and

Nairn shall be deemed to be one county;

and

(ii) the Secretary of State, if the circumstances

seem to him to render such a course expedient, may by Order direct that any two

or more of the areas aforesaid be combined,

in whole or in part, to form one probation

area or that any county (including as aforesaid) shall be divided into two or more

probation areas.

(2) Before making any order under the immediately

preceding subsection, the Secretary of State shall give to

each sheriff having jurisdiction in any part of the area

to which the proposed order will apply, and to the local

authority of any county or burgh to which the proposed order will apply, an opportunity of making any

representations which they may desire to make with

respect to the proposed order.

(3) In this section the expression "sheriff " does not

include sheriff substitute.

Probation 3.— (1) There shall be a probation committee for

committees. ever y probation area.

(2) The probation committee shall consist (in addition

to the members ex officio under the next succeeding subsection) of such number of persons as may be prescribed

(not being less than five nor, except where, in the opinion

of the Secretary of State, the circumstances of the area

otherwise require, more than fifteen), and such persons

(of whom at least one shall be a woman) shall be appointed,

in accordance with rules made by the Secretary of State,

by the local authority for the probation area or, where

the probation area comprises in whole or in part the

areas of two or more local authorities, by these local

authorities.

10314

Probat ion of

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

Ch. 30.

175

(3) The sheriff of each county wholly or partly comprised in a probation area, and any one or more sheriffs substitute having jurisdiction in any such county whom the sheriff may nominate for the purpose, shall be members ex officio of the probation committee for that area.

(4) It shall be the duty of the probation committee for a probation area—

(a) to appoint, subject to the approval of the

Secretary of State, salaried probation officers

for the probation area;

(b) to supervise the work and receive the reports of

probation officers;

(c) to comply with any rules made under this Act so

far as relating to probation committees; and

(d) to perform such other duties in connection with

the probation of offenders as may be prescribed

or as the Secretary of State may by order direct.

4.- — (1) Where a court makes a probation order, it

may, as in its discretion it shall think fit, nominate a

salaried or a voluntary probation officer, or a salaried

and a voluntary probation officer to act jointly, and any

salaried probation officer so nominated shall, where the

probation order is made by the sheriff or by a court of

summary jurisdiction, be selected from among the probation officers for the probation area in which the order is

made and, where the probation order is made by the High

Court of Justiciary, be selected from among the probation

officers appointed for the probation area in which the

offender was committed for trial:

Provided that—

(a) if the court making the order thinks it desirable

so to do, having regard to the place of

residence of the offender or for any other

special reason, the court may nominate as the

salaried probation officer to act under the

order either alone or jointly with a voluntary

probation officer a salaried probation officer

for any other probation area.

(2) Where the circumstances permit, the court shall

nominate a probation officer who is a woman to supervise

Selection of

probation

officers.

17G

Ch. 30.

Provision as

to employment of

certain

persons as

probation

officers.

Salaries and

expenses.

Probation of 21 & 22 Gtfo. 5.

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

an offender who is a woman and a probation officer

experienced in dealing with children or young persons

to supervise an offender who is under the age of seventeen

years.

(3) The court by which a probation order has been made shall, where the probation officer named in the probation order dies or is unable for any reason to carry out his duties, or where the court for any reason considers it desirable that another probation officer should be nominated in the place of the officer named in the order, nominate another probation officer to act under the order.

5. —(1) It shall be lawful to appoint as a salaried

probation officer for any area or to nominate in a probation order as a voluntary probation officer a person who

is the agent of a voluntary society.

(2) In this section the expression "voluntary

society" means a society carrying on mission work

in connection with police courts or other work in

connection with the supervision and care of offenders

or in connection with social service.

(3) It shall not be lawful to appoint as a salaried

probation officer for any area or to nominate in a

probation order as a voluntary probation officer a person

who is or has at any time been a member of a police force.

6. —(1) The sums required to meet—

(a) any expenses incurred by a probation committee in respect of (i) the salaries or remuneration payable to salaried probation officers,

and (ii) expenses of probation officers; and

(b) any other expenses of a probation committee

which may be incurred in accordance with

rules made by the Secretary of State

shall be defrayed, in accordance with the rules so made,

by the local authority for the probation area:

Provided that, where a probation area comprises

in whole or in part the areas of two or more local

authorities, the sums to be defrayed as aforesaid by

the local authority shall be apportioned between the

several local authorities in such manner as may be

1931. *

Probation of

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

Ch. 30.

177

agreed upon between them or, in default of agreement,

according to the rateable valuation in the valuation

roll of the respective areas of the local authorities so

far as within the probation area.

(2) It shall be lawful for a local authority to contribute towards the expenses of maintaining persons who have been released on a probation order containing a condition as to residence and towards any travelling expenses incurred in respect of such persons.

(3) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the expenditure of local authorities under this Act, including any contribution under the immediately preceding subsection, such sums as the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury may direct and subject to such conditions as he may with the like approval determine.

7. —(1) Any power exerciseable by a court with

regard to an offender bound by a bond to appear before

such court for conviction and sentence or for sentence

may be exercised by any court before which the offender

is charged with the commission of another offence, or

which has jurisdiction in the place where the offender

for the time being resides, provided that where the

court before which the offender is so bound to appear

is the High Court of Justiciary or a sheriff court, such

power as aforesaid shall not be exerciseable by any

court of summary jurisdiction other than the sheriff

court.

(2) Any power which a court is empowered to

exercise on being satisfied that an offender has failed

to observe any conditions of his bond (other than a

power to vary the terms of the bond or to nominate

another probation officer) may be exercised notwithstanding that the period of duration of the bond has

expired.

8. —(1) Section one of the principal Act shall

have effect as if there were substituted in subsections (I) and (2) of the said section for the words

" release the offender on probation " the words

" deal with the offender in the manner hereinafter

set forth." '

M

Exercise of

powers of

courts with

regard to

offenders.

Amendments of

Act of 1907

as to

powers of

courts, &c.

178

Ch. 30.

Probation of 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

(2) Section one of the principal Act shall hate

effect as if the following subsection w'ere substituted

for subsection (3):— ,

" (3) The court where it makes an order

under this section—

(a) may further order that the offender,

or the parent or guardian of an offender

being a child or a young person, shall

pay the costs of the proceedings or such

damages for injury or compensation for

loss (not exceeding, in the case of a

court of summary jurisdiction, ten pounds,

or, if a higher limit is fixed by any enactment relating to the offence, that higher

limit) as the court thinks reasonable or

both such costs and damages or compensation;

(b) may further, in the case where the

offender is a child or young person, impose

a fine on the parent or guardian of the

child or young person:

Provided that the court shall not order payment of any costs, damages, compensation or fine

by a parent or guardian unless it is satisfied that

the parent or guardian has conduced to the commission of the offence by neglecting to exercise

due care of the child or young person."

(3) A person in respect of whom an order has been

made by a court of summary jurisdiction under subsection (1) of section one of the principal Act shall

have the like right of appeal against such order as in

the case of a conviction.

(4) The period of supervision to be specified in a

probation order shall be not less than one year and

accordingly subsection (1) of section two of the principal

Act shall have effect as if after the word "period" there

were inserted the words "(which shall not be less than

one year) ".

(5) The court before which an offender is bound

by his bond to appear for conviction and sentence

or for sentence, if satisfied by information on oath

193 lj Probation of Ch. 30. 179

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

that the offender has failed to observe any of the

conditions of his bond—

(a) may, without the necessity of summoning the

offender or his cautioners (if any) to appear

before it, vary the terms of the bond by

extending the duration thereof, provided that

the duration of a bond shall not exceed three

years from the date of the original order and

that the obligation of any cautioner shall not

be extended except with his consent;

(b) may, instead of sentencing the offender for the

original offence and without prejudice to the

continuance in force of the bond, or to any

variation of the terms thereof in pursuance of the immediately preceding paragraph, impose

on him in respect of such failure a penalty not

exceeding ten pounds, and, where the offender

is a child or young person, order that the fine

be paid by the parent or guardian of the child

or young person.

(6) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the

court before which an offender is bound by his bond to

appear for conviction and sentence or for sentence that

the offender has failed to observe any of the conditions

of his bond, and where it appears to the court that the

offender is not less than sixteen nor more than twenty-one

years of age, and where the court is of opinion having

regard to the whole circumstances of the case that the

offender should be so dealt with, the court may pass

a sentence of detention for a term of not less than two

years nor more than three years in an institution established in Scotland under Part I of the Prevention of 8 Edw. 7.

Crime Act, 1908, provided that where the court is a c. 59.

court of summary jurisdiction other than the sheriff

court, it shall in lieu of the power to pass such sentence

as aforesaid have power to remit the offender to the

sheriff court in manner provided by section nine of the

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, and the 8 Edw. 7.

sheriff court shall on such remit being made have the c 65.

like power in regard to such offender as if he had been

bound to appear before that court for conviction and

sentence or for sentence.

180

Power to

make rules.

Local

authorities

and expenses.

Construction.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. c. 25.

Ch. 30. Probation o f 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

9. The Secretary of State may make rules for

carrying this Act into effect and in particular—

(a) for prescribing, subject to the provisions of this Act, the constitution, procedure, 'powers and

duties of probation committees and the tenure

of office of the members thereof;

(b) for fixing scales of salaries and remuneration to

be paid in the case of salaried probation officers

and of the expenses to be allowed to those

officers and to voluntary probation officers

and for regulating any other expenditure of

probation committees;

(c) for prescribing the qualifications of salaried

probation officers and the terms and conditions

on which they shall hold their appointments,

and, subject to the provisions of this Act, the

duties of probation officers;

(d) for requiring probation committees to furnish

reports with respect to the probation of offenders

in their area;

(e) for empowering local authorities to appoint

the officials (other than probation officers) of

probation committees;

(f) for the auditing of the accounts of probation

committees;

(g) for prescribing anything which under this Act

is to be prescribed.

10. The local authority for the purposes of this Act

shall be, in the case of a large burgh, the town council

thereof, and in the case of a county, including every

small burgh situate therein, the county council, and any

expenses incurred by a county or town council under this Act shall be defrayed out of such rate payable by owners

and occupiers in equal proportions as the council may

determine.

11 . —(1)In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, " large burgh " and " small burgh " have the like

meaning as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929;

"probation officer" includes salaried probation officer

and voluntary probation officer; " salaried probation

officer" means a probation officer appointed under

1931.

Probation of

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931.

Ch. 30.

181

section three of this Act, whether he is or is not restricted

by the terms of his appointment from engaging in other

business or femployment; " voluntary probation officer "

means a person (other than a salaried probation officer)

named in a probation order as a person under whose

supervision the offender is to be; " child" means a

person under the age of fourteen years; " young person "

means a person who is not less than fourteen nor more than

seventeen years of age; " committed for trial " means

committed until liberation in due course of law; and

any reference to a probation order made by the sheriff

shall be construed as a reference to a probation order

made by the sheriff sitting with a jury.

(2) This Act and the principal Act as it applies

to Scotland shall be construed as one.

(3) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any statutory provision shall be

construed as a reference to the statutory provision as

amended by any subsequent Act, including this Act.

12.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Probation of

Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931, and shall extend to

Scotland only.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-two.

(3) The provisions of the principal Act specified in

the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Principal Act repealed.

Subsections (2) to (6) of section three. In section eight,

paragraphs (1), (2), (3) and (5), and in paragraph (4) all the

words after " recognizance."

Citation,

commencement and

repeal.

Section 12.

182 Ch. 31. Marriage (Prohibited 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Degrees of Relationship) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the marriage of

persons with their nephew or niece by marriage.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, as follows:—

Marriage 1.—(1) Section one of the Deceased Wife’s Sister’s

with certain Marriage Act, 1907 (hereinafter referred to as " the

to be voidas principal Act "), shall have effect as if there were

a civil con- inserted therein after the words "or between a man and

tract except his deceased brother’s widow " the words "or between

" a man and any of the following persons; that is to

" say:—

" (1) his deceased wife’s brother’s daughter;

" (2) his deceased wife’s sister’s daughter;

" (3) his father’s deceased brother’s widow;

" (4) his mother’s deceased brother’s widow;

" (5) his deceased wife’s father’s sister;

" (6) his deceased wife’s mother’s sister;

" (7) his brother’s deceased son’s widow;

" (8) his sister’s deceased son’s widow."

(2) Section four of the principal Act shall have

effect as if there were therein substituted for the words

" with his deceased wife’s sister or his deceased brother’s

" widow " the words "which would have been void or

" voidable but for the provisions of this Act as amended

" by any subsequent enactment."

(3) The principal Act shall, so far as it relates to

marriages authorised by this Act, have effect as though

it had been passed at the date of the passing of this Act.

, 2. Section one hundred and eighty-four of the

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925

(which relates to the re-marriage of divorced persons).

in certain

cases.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 47.

Consequential

amendment of

193 L,

Marriage (Prohibited Ch. 31 32.

Degrees of Relationship) Act, 1931.

183

shall have effect as if for the proviso to subsection (1)

thereof there were substituted the following proviso

(that is to say) :—

" Provided that it shall not be lawful for a

" man to contract any marriage which, upon the

" decease of any person, would be authorised by

" the Marriage (Prohibited Degrees of Relation-

" ship) Acts, 1907 to 1931 (as amended by any

" subsequent enactment) but which would other-

" wise have been void or voidable bj^ reason of

" affinity, during the lifetime of that person."

15 & 1G

Geo. 5. c. 49.

s. 184.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Marriage Short title.

(Prohibited Degrees of Relationship) Act, 1931, and this Act and the Marriage (Prohibited Degrees of Relationship) Acts, 1907 and 1921, may be cited together as the

Marriage (Prohibited Degrees of Relationship) Acts,

1907 to 1931.

(2) References in this Act to the principal Act shall

be construed as references to that Act as amended by the

Deceased Brother’s Widow’s Marriage Act, 1921, and 11 & 12

this Act shall be construed as one with those Acts. Geo. 5.0.24.

(3) Subsection (3) of section one of the Deceased

Brother’s Widow’s Marriage Act, 1921, is hereby repealed.

(4) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to repeal subsection (3) of section sixty-

one of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, and to

correct an error in section one hundred of

that Act.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Repeal of

s. 61 (3) of

20 & 21

Geo. 5. o. 43.

1. Subsection (3) of section sixty-one of the Road

Traffic Act, 1930 (which provides that certain motor

vehicles if used or allowed to be used without reward

for carrying eight or more passengers are to be treated

as contract carriages) shall cease to have effect.

184

Ch. 32, 33.

Road Traffic 21 & 22 C*eo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1931.

Correction

of clerical

error in 1

s. 100 of

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 43.

Short title.

Short title.

Interpretation.

Constitution and

general

functions

of Registration Council.

2. In paragraph (e) of section one hundred of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 (which provides for the

application of Part IV of the said Act to Scotland) for

the reference to section ninety of the said Act there

shall be substituted a reference to section ninety-one

thereof.

3. This Act may be cited as the Road Traffic

(Amendment) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to provide for the registration of architects

and for purposes connected therewith.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, as follows:—

1. This Act may be cited as the Architects (Registration) Act, 1931.

2. In this Act unless the context otherwise

requires—

The expression "the Council" means the Architects ’

Registration Council of the United Kingdom

established for the purposes of this Act.

The expression "registered person" means a person

registered under this Act.

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

regulations made by the Council under this Act.

The expression "the Register" means the Register

kept in pursuance of this Act.

3.—(1) For the purposes of this Act there shall

be established an Architects’ Registration Council of the

United Kingdom (in this Act referred to as" the Council ")

which shall be a body corporate by that name, with

perpetual succession and a common seal and power to

acquire and hold land without licence in mortmain.

1031.

Architects (Registration)

Act, 1931.

Cn. 33.

185

(2) The provisions contained in the First Schedule

to this Act shall have effect with respect to the constitution and proceedings of the Council. The seal of the

Council shall be authenticated in manner prescribed by

the Council, and any document purporting to be sealed

with the seal so authenticated shall be receivable as

evidence of the particulars stated in that document.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Council within six

months from the commencement of this Act to set up and

thereafter maintain a register to be called " the Register of

Registered Architects " and to cause to be entered therein

the name and address of every person entitled to be

registered under this Act, and to cause to be removed

therefrom—

(a) the names of all registered persons who have

made application to the Council in the prescribed manner, requesting the Council to

remove their names from the Register; and

(b) the names of all registered persons who shall

have died and any names or particulars inaccurately entered in the Register;

and from time to time to cause to be made any necessary

alterations therein.

(4) The Council shall not later than twenty-seven

months from the commencement of this Act and annually

thereafter publish and offer for sale at the prescribed price

copies of the Register, setting forth the names of the registered persons in alphabetical order according to their surnames, with their respective regular business addresses, and

a copy of the Register certified by order of the Council or

by any officer of the Council duly authorised in that behalf,

to be a correct copy, shall be prim a facie evidence that

any person named therein is registered in accordance with

the provisions of this Act: Provided always that in the

case of a person whose name does not appear on such copy,

a certificate under the hand of any officer of the Council,

duly authorised in that behalf, of the entry of the name

of such person in the Register, shall be prima facie

evidence that such person is registered in accordance

with the provisions of this Act. Such certificate shall

remain the property of the Council and be surrendered

by the holder to the Council upon publication of the

name in or upon removal of the name from the

Register.

180

Officers and

servants of

Council.

Board of

Architectural Education and

Admission

Committee.

Qualifications for

registration.

Ch. 33. Architects (Registration) 21 & 22 Ge«. 5.

Act, i931.

If the holder refuses so to surrender such certificate *

to the council on demand, he shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

4. The Council shall from time to time appoint such

officers and servants as shall be necessary for the purposes

of this Act and may assign to such officers and servants

such duties as the Council shall consider desirable for the

purposes of this Act, and every person so appointed

shall be removable by the Council, and shall be paid by

the Council such salary, emoluments and benefits as the

Council may think fit.

5. —(1) For the purposes of this Act there shall

be appointed annually by the Council—

(a) a board of architectural education (in this Act referred to as "the Board") constituted

in accordance with the Second Schedule to

this Act; and

(b) a committee (in this Act referred to as "the

Admission Committee") constituted in accordance with the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Board to recommend

to the Council—

(a) the recognition of any examinations in architecture the passing of which ought, in the opinion

of the Board, to qualify persons for registration

under this Act; and

(b) the holding of any examinations in architecture

which ought, in the opinion of the Board, to

be passed by applicants for registration under

this Act;

and to hold examinations in architecture in accordance

with this Act.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Admission Committee

to consider every application for registration under this Act and to report thereon to the Council as to whether

or not the applicant is, in the opinion of the Committee,

qualified for registration.

6. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a

person shall, on application made to the Council in the

prescribed manner and on payment of the prescribed

fee, be entitled to be registered under this Act, if the

1031. Architects (Registration) Ch. 33. 187

Act, 1931.

Council are satisfied on a report of the Admission

Committee—

(a) thtit he is an architect member of the Royal

Academy or of the Royal Scottish Academy; or

(b) that his application for registration was made

within two years from the commencement of this Act and that at the commencement of this Act he was, or had been, practising as an

architect in the United Kingdom; or

(c) that he has passed any examination in architecture which is for the time being recognised

by the Council; or

(i d)that he possesses the prescribed qualifications.

(2) The Council shall cause a written notice of their

decision on any application for registration to be served

on the applicant within the prescribed period after the

date of decision.

(3) Where the Board recommend to the Council the

recognition of any examination in architecture, the

Council shall recognise that examination for the purpose

of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section.

(4) For the purpose of paragraph (d) of subsection

(1) of this section, the prescribed qualifications may

include the passing of any examinations in architecture,

the holding of which may have been recommended to the

Council by the Board, and in that event the Council shall

direct the Board to hold those examinations, and those

examinations shall be held by the Board accordingly

at least once in each year and at such times and places

as the Board may determine. Save as aforesaid, the

Council shall not prescribe as a qualification for registration the passing of any examination held by or under

the authority of the Council or the Board.

7.—(1) If any registered person is convicted of a Removal of

criminal offence, or if the committee appointed for the name from

purposes of this section, after an inquiry held thereunder Register f °r

in respect of any registered person, report to the Council

that that person has been guilty of conduct disgraceful p TO f e ssi< , nal

to him in his capacity as an architect, the Council gray, misconduct,

subject to the provisions of this section, cause the name

of that person to be removed from the Register, and where

188 Ch. 33. Architects (Registration) 21 & 22 GEb. 5.

Act, 1931.

the name of any person is duly removed from the Register

under this subsection, he shall, during such period thereafter as the Council may determine on the occasion

of the removal, be disqualified for registration under

this Act:

Provided that the Council may at any time, either

of their own motion or on the application of the person

concerned, cause his name to be restored to the Register,

either without payment of a fee or on payment of such

fee not exceeding the fee payable for registration under

this Act as the Council may determine.

(2) For the purposes of this section there shall,

subject as hereinafter provided, be appointed annually

by the Council a committee (in this Act referred to as

" the Discipline Committee") consisting of eight persons,

of whom four shall be registered persons nominated by

the Council (including one person who is practising as

an architect in Scotland), one shall be nominated by the

Commissioners of Works, one shall be nominated by

the Minister of Health and two shall be nominated

by the President of the Law Society, and it shall be the

duty of the said Committee, if so directed by the Council,

to inquire into, and report to the Council on, any case in

which it is alleged that a registered person has been

guilty of conduct disgraceful to him in his capacity as

an architect:

Provided that, in the case of any inquiry under

this section in respect of a registered person who is a

member of any of the bodies referred to in the First

Schedule to this Act, the council or other governing body

of each such body of which the registered person is a

member shall (except where the Discipline Committee

already includes a member of that body) be entitled to

nominate one person for membership of that Committee,

and upon the name of any person duly nominated as

aforesaid being submitted to them in the prescribed

manner, the Council shall appoint that person to be an

additional member of the Discipline Committee for the

purposes of the inquiry and of the report of the Committee

in connection therewith.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Council to direct the

Discipline Committee to hold an inquiry under this

section in any case in which it appears to the Council

that such an inquiry is necessary.

Architects (Registration)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 33.

189

193 V

(4) Where the Council direct the Discipline Com-

x^ttee to hold any inquiry under this section in respect

of a registered person, the Council shall forthwith cause

to be served on that person a written notice of the

proposed inquiry, specifying the time and place at which

it is to be held and the subject matter thereof, and that

person shall, on application made in the prescribed manner

and within the prescribed period from the date of the

service of the said notice, be entitled to be heard by the

Discipline Committee at the inquiry, either in person or

by counsel or a solicitor.

(5) Where the Council intend to remove the name of

any person from the Register in pursuance of this section,

then, before so doing, the Council shall cause a written

notice of their intention to be served on that person

and shall, on application made by that person in the

prescribed maimer within three months from the date

of the service of the said notice, consider any representations with regard to the matter which may be made by

him to the Council, either hi person or by counsel or a

solicitor.

8. Where the Council cause the name of any

person to be removed from the Register, they shall

forthwith cause written notice of the removal to be

served on that person, and where, in connection with the

removal, the Council have determined that the person

in question shall, during any period, be disqualified for

registration, the determination of the Council shall be

specified in the said notice:

Provided that nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in a case where the Council cause

the name of any person to be removed from the Register

in consequence of the death of that person.

9. Any person aggrieved by the removal of his

name from the Register, or by a determination of the

Council that he be disqualified for registration during

any period, may, within three months from the date on

which notice of the removal or determination was served

on him, appeal to the High Court or Court of Session

against the removal or determination, and on any such

appeal the Court may give such directions hi the matter

as they think proper, and the order of the Court shall

be final.

Notice of

removal of

name from

Register.

Right of

appeal

against

removal of

name from

Register.

190 Ch. 33. Architects (Registration) 21 & 22 Gsp. 5.

Act, 1931.

Use of title 10 . Any registered person shall be entitled to taka

' ' Registered an q use the name or title of " Registered Architect, "

re i ec . ] 3U t a person shall not practise under any name, title or

style containing the words "Registered Arehit'ect, " unless

he is a registered person, and any unregistered person who

so practises or wilfully pretends to be a registered person,

or takes or uses the name or title of a Registered

Architect or any name, title, style or description implying

that he is a registered person, shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds

for the first offence and one hundred pounds for every

subsequent offence:

Provided that—

(a) where a contravention of this section by an} 7

person is occasioned by the fact that his name

has been removed from the Register it shall

be a good defence to any proceedings in respect

of the contravention to prove that at the time

when it is alleged to have been committed—

(i) notice of the removal had not been

served in accordance with this Act; or

(ii) the time for appealing to the High

Court or Court of Session against the removal

had not expired; or

(iii) an appeal to the High Court or Court

of Session against the removal had been duly

brought and had not been determined; and

(b) nothing in this section shall affect the validity as

between contracting parties of any act of any

person under any customary form or conditions

of a building contraot.

Removal of 11 . For the purpose of maintaining the Register

name from y ie Council may at any time by notice in writing served on

failure to an y registered person inquire if such person has changed

notify his regular business address, and if no answer shall be

change of received within six months from the sending of such

address. notice, the Council shall send to the said person a further

notice by post as a registered letter, and if no answer

shall be received within three months from the sending

of such further notice, the Council may remove the name

of such person from the Register.

Penalty for 12 . If any person shall wilfully procure or attempt

registration to P rocure himself to be registered under this Act by

1931. Architects (Registration) Ch. 33. 101

Act, 1931.

making or producing or causing to be made or produced by false

any false or fraudulent representation or declaration, representa-

either verbally or in writing, the person so offending, lon ’

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding fifty pounds.

13.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, Regulations,

regulations made by the Council shall or may, as the & c -

case may be, prescribe anything which is by this Act

required or authorised to be prescribed, and may further

make provision—

(a) prescribing the fee (hereafter in this section

referred to as " a retention fee ") to be paid in

respect of the retention of any name in the

Register during any calendar year subsequent

to that in which the name was entered in the

Register, and the fees to be paid by candidates

for any examination held under this Act;

(b) prescribing the information to be furnished to

the Admission Committee or the Council in

connection with any application for registration

under this Act;

(c) providing (subject to such restrictions or conditions as may be prescribed) for the delegation to

committees of any of the functions of the

Council other than functions under section

six or section seven of this Act;

(d) regulating the meetings and procedure (including

quorum) of the Council, the Board and any

committee appointed under this Act;

(e) for the filling of casual vacancies in the Council,

the Board and any such committee as aforesaid;

(f) generally for carrying out or facilitating the

purposes of this Act:

Provided that no regulations affecting the Board or

the Admission Committee shall be made by the Council

without consultation with the Board or the Admission

Committee, as the case may be.

(2) No regulations made under this Act shall be of

any force or validity unless and until they have been

approved by the Privy Council, and the Privy Council

shall, before giving their approval, cause the regulations

192

Ch. 33.

Provision of

scholarship

and maintenance

grants.

Supply of

regulations

and forms.

Architects (Registration) 21 & 22 Geo. o.

Act, 1931.

to be published and give persons to whom the regulations

are applicable an opportunity of making representations

to the Privy Council thereon.

(3) The powers conferred on the Privy Council by

this section may be exercised by any two or more of the Lords and others for the time being of His Majesty’s

Most Honourable Privy Council.

(4) Any act of the Privy Council under this section

shall be sufficiently signified by an instrument signed

by the clerk of the Privy Council, and every order and act

signified by an instrument purporting to be so signed

shall be deemed to have been duly made and done by

the Privy Council, and every instrument purporting

to be so signed shah be received in evidence in all courts

and proceedings without proof of the authority or

signature of the clerk of the Privy Council or other proof.

(5) If any registered person, within the prescribed

period after the date on which the Council have caused

to be sent to him a written demand for payment of any

retention fee payable by him, fails to pay that fee to the

Council, the Council may cause his name to be removed

from the Register, but if, -within the year in respect of

which the fee is payable or within such longer period as

the Council may allow, the said person pays to the

Council the retention fee, together with such additional

sum (if any) by way of penalty as may be prescribed,

his name shall be restored to the Register, and, if the

Council so direct, the restoration shall have effect as from

the date on which his name was removed from the

Register.

14 . At least half the total amount of the fees

received in each calendar year by the Council under this Act shall be devoted, in such manner and on such

conditions as the Council may determine, to the provision

of scholarships and maintenance grants for the assistance

of students in architecture whose means appear to the

Council to be insufficient to enable them to pursue their

studies.

15 . The Council shall on payment of the prescribed

charges supply a copy of any regulations made under

this Act and of any forms prescribed by such regulations

to any person applying for the same.

15131.

Architects (Registration)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 33.

193

16 . — (1) Any notice or document required by or for Service of the purposes of this Act to be sent may be sent by post, documents,

and when sent to any registered person shall be deemed

to be properly addressed if addressed to him at his

address in the Register.

(2) Any notice relating to the refusal to register any

person, or to the removal from the Register of the name

of any registered person, shall be sent by post as a

registered letter.

17 . Nothing in this Act shall prevent a body Saving for

corporate, firm or partnership from carrying on business co-operative

under the style or title of Registered Architect: societies, &c.

(a) if the business of the body corporate, firm or

partnership so far as it relates to architecture is

under the control and management of a superintendent who is a registered person and who does

not act at the same time in a similar capacity

for any other body corporate firm or partnership;

and

(b) if in every premises where such business as

aforesaid is carried on and is not personally

conducted by the superintendent such business is

bona fide conducted under the direction of the

superintendent by an assistant who is a registered

person.

18 . — (1)Save as otherwise provided in this Act, this Act shall come into operation on the first day of January,

nineteen hundred and thirty-two.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland

unless and until provision to that effect is made by an

Order of His Majesty in Council made in pursuance of

a resolution passed by both Houses of the Parliament

of Northern Ireland, and any such Order may make such

adaptations of this Act in its application to Northern

Ireland as may appear to His Majesty in Council to be

necessary.

(3) In the event of this Act being so extended to

Northern Ireland, then, for the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, this Act shall be 10 & 11

deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day. Geo. 5. c. 67

Commencement of

Act and

application

of Act to

Northern

Ireland.

N

194

Ch. 33.

Sections 3

and 7.

Architects (Registration)21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Constitution of the Council.

i. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the Council

shall be composed of the following persons, that is to say :—

(i) one member appointed by the Council of the Royal

Institute of British Architects in respect of every

five hundred architect members of that Institute,

being fellows, associates or licentiates thereof;

(ii) one member appointed by the Council of the Incorporated Association of Architects and Surveyors in

respect of every five hundred architect members of

that Association, being fellows, associates or licentiates

thereof;

(iii) one member appointed by the Council of the Faculty

of Architects and Surveyors in respect of every five

hundred architect members of that Faculty;

(iv) one member appointed by the Council of the Architectural Association (London) in respect of every five

hundred architect members of that Association, not

being student members;

(v) one member appointed by the Council of the Association

of Architects, Surveyors and Technical Assistants in

respect of every five hundred architect members of

that Association;

(vi) one member appointed jointly by the councils or other

governing bodies of the provincial associations of the

bodies mentioned in the foregoing sub-paragraphs, in

respect of every five hundred persons who are architect

members of one or more of those associations but

are not architect members of any of the bodies so

mentioned;

(vii) one member (being a registered person) elected in

the prescribed manner in respect of every five hundred

registered persons, not being architect members of

any of the bodies referred to in the foregoing provisions

of this Schedule;

1931 j Architects (Registration) Ch. 33. 195

Act, 1931.

(viii) one member appointed by the Council of the Ulster 1st Sch.

Society of Architects (Incorporated); —cont.

(ix) five members appointed as follows:—

One by the President of the Board of Education.

One by the Minister of Health.

One by the Commissioners of Works.

One by the Department of Health for Scotland.

One by the Governor of Northern Ireland:

Provided that—

(a) for the purpose of the first constitution of the Council,

the provisions of sub-paragraph (vii) of this paragraph

shall not apply, and in lieu of the members to be

elected under that sub-paragraph the Secretary of

State shall, after consultation with the councils

of the several bodies referred to in sub-paragraphs

(i) to (v) of this paragraph, appoint five members,

being persons who appear to the Secretary of State

to be in practice as architects but are not architect

members of any of the bodies referred to in sub-

paragraphs (i) to (vi) of this paragraph; and

(b) a member shall not be appointed by the Governor

of Northern Ireland until this Act has come into

operation in Northern Ireland.

2. The coimcil of each of the following bodies shall be entitled

to appoint as a member of the Council one person, not being a

registered person :—

The Chartered Surveyors’ Institution.

The Institution of Structural Engineers.

The Institution of Municipal and County Engineers.

The Society of Engineers.

The Institute of Builders.

The National Federation of Building Trades Employers.

The National Federation of Building Trades Operatives.

3. For the purpose of computing the number of persons in

respect of whom members of the Council are to be appointed

or elected under sub-paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) or (vii)

of paragraph 1 of this Schedule—

(a) any fraction of five hundred shall be reckoned as five

hundred; and

(b) regard shall be had only to persons ordinarily resident

in the United Kingdom; and

(c) in relation to any of the bodies referred to in sub-paragraphs (i) to (vi) of the said paragraph, any person

being an honorary, corresponding or retired mem6er

of that body shall be deemed not to be a member thereof.

196 Ch. 33. Architects (Registration) 21 & 22 G*:o. 5.

Act, 1931.

1st Sen. 4. —(1) For the purpose of the first constitution of th ! e

—conn Council, the Secretary of State shall appoint a committee consisting of nine members, of whom six shall be persops who appear

to the Secretary of State to represent the bodies referred to

in sub-paragraphs (i) to (vi) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule,

and three shall be persons who have been appointed as members

of the Council by the Secretary of State under proviso (a) to

that paragraph, and it shall be the duty of that committee to

determine for the said purpose, in accordance w T ith this Schedule,

the number of persons in respect of whom members of the Council

are to be appointed under each of the said sub-paragraphs, and to

summon the first meeting of the Council.

(2) The council or other governing body of each of the

bodies referred to in the said sub-paragraphs shall furnish to

the said committee such information as the committee may

reasonably require for the purpose of performing their duties.

(3) Any determination of the said committee under the

foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall be final and conclusive

and not subject to review in any court.

(4) The quorum of the said committee shall be such number

as may be determined by the committee.

(5) Without prejudice to the provisions of section thirty-

seven of the Interpretation Act, 1889, the functions of the said

committee shall be exerciseable as from the passing of this Act.

5. Where, by virtue of the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any of the bodies referred to in sub-paragraphs

(i) to (vi) of that paragraph is on any occasion required to

appoint two or more persons as members of the Council, those

persons shall be appointed by that body simultaneously.

6. Every member of the Council shall hold office until the

expiration of one year from the date of his appointment or

election, as the case may be, so however that a member may at

any time resign his office, and a member ceasing to hold office

shall be eligible for subsequent appointment or election.

7. The powers of the Council may be exercised notwithstanding any vacancy in their number.

1931<i Architects (Registration) Ch. 33.

Act, 1931.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Constitution of the Board of Architectural

Education.

1. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule the Board shall

be composed of the following persons, that is to say :—

One person nominated by each of the Governing Bodies

of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge and London,

and three persons nominated by the Standing Committee

of Vice-Chancellors and Principals of the Universities of

Great Britain and Ireland.

Three persons nominated by the Royal Society of Teachers,

being persons who appear to that Society to represent

teaching bodies.

One person nominated by the governing body of each of the following schools of architecture :—-

The Liverpool School of Architecture, University of

Liverpool.

The Bartlett School of Architecture, University of

London.

The School of Architecture, Victoria University,

Manchester.

The Architectural Association School of Architecture, London.

The Glasgow School of Architecture.

The School of Architecture, Edinburgh College of

Art.

The School of Architecture, Robert Gordon’s

Colleges, Aberdeen.

The School of Architecture, Leeds College of Art.

The Welsh School of Architecture, Technical

College, Cardiff.

The Birmingham School of Architecture.

Four persons nominated jointly by the governing bodies

of the following schools of architecture :—

The Department of Architecture, University of

Sheffield.

The Cambridge University School of Architecture.

The School of Architecture, Armstrong College,

Newcastle-on-Tyne.

The School of Architecture, Royal West of England

Academy, Bristol.

198 Ch. 33. Architects (Registration)21 & 22 Glo. 5.

Act, 1931.

The Department of Architecture, Northern Polytechnic, London.

The School of Architecture, Leicester College of

Arts and Crafts.

The School of Architecture, Municipal School of

Arts and Crafts, Southend-on-Sea.

The Nottingham School of Architecture.

The School of Architecture, The Polytechnic,

Regent Street, London.

The Director of Education of the School of Architecture of the Architectural Association London.

Pour persons nominated by the Association of Technical

Institutions, being persons who appear to that

Association to represent technical institutions teaching

architecture and of whom two are members of

London institutions and two are members of provincial

institutions.

One person nominated by the National Society of Art

Masters, being a person who appears to that Society to

represent the art schools teaching architecture.

One person nominated by the National Association of

Principals of Technical Institutions.

One person nominated by the Association of Teachers in

Technical Institutions.

Two persons nominated by each of the following bodies :—

The Institute of Builders.

The National Federation of Building Trades

Operatives.

One person nominated by each of the following bodies :—

The Headmasters’ Conference.

The Incorporated Association of Headmasters.

The Association of Head Mistresses.

The Association of Architects, Surveyors and

Technical Assistants.

The Royal Society of Arts.

The Royal Incorporation of Architects in Scotland.

The Ulster Society of Architects (Incorporated).

The British School at Rome, Faculty of Architecture.

The Royal Academy of Arts.

The Union of Educational Institutions.

The Workers Educational Association.

The Central Education Committee of the Cooperative Union.

2nd Sch.

— coni, i

1031. Architects (Registration) Ch. 33. 100

Act, 1931.

The Education Officer of the London County 2nd Sch -

Council. cont '

The Master of the Art Workers’ Guild.

The President of the Town Planning Institute.

The President of the Architectural Association

(London).

Twenty-four registered persons nominated by the Council:

Provided that so much of this paragraph as requires the

nominees of the Council to be registered persons shall not apply

in relation to the first appointment of the Board.

2. If it appears to the Board to be desirable that any school of

architecture, not being a school specified in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, should be represented on the Board, then,

subject as hereinafter provided, the Board may nominate for

membership thereof one person recommended to it by the

governing body of that school, and upon the name of any person

duly nominated as aforesaid being submitted to the Council in the

prescribed manner, the Council shall appoint that person to be a

member of the Board:

Provided that the number of members appointed under this

paragraph shall not at any time exceed the prescribed number.

THIRD SCHEDULE. Section 5.

Constitution of the Admission Committee.

The Admission Committee shall be composed of—

(1) one person nominated by each of the following

bodies :—

The Institution of Municipal and County

Engineers.

The Society of Engineers.

The Chartered Surveyors’ Institution.

The Institution of Structural Engineers.

The Institute of Builders; and

(2) not less than twelve or more than eighteen registered

persons, of whom four shall be nominated by the

Royal Institute of British Architects, four by the

200

3rd Sen.

—cont.

Increase of

customs

duty on

hydrocarbon oils.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 42.

Continuation of certain duties.

Ch. 33, 34. Architects (Registration) 21 & 22 Geq. 5.

Act, 1931.

Incorporated Association of Architects and Surveyors, '

one by the Faculty of Architects and Surveyors, and

the remainder by the Council:

Provided that so much of paragraph (2) of this Schedule as

requires the persons nominated thereunder to he registered

persons shall not apply in relation to the first appointment of the

Admission Committee.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend the law with respect to Customs

in the Isle of Man.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) As from the first day of May, nineteen

hundred and thirty-one, the rate of the customs duty

payable under section four of the Act of 1930 on hydrocarbon oils shall be increased from fourpence per gallon

to sixpence per gallon.

(2) The rate of the rebate to be allowed under

subsection (2) of the said section on the delivery for

home consumption of any goods other than light oils

shall be increased from fourpence per gallon to sixpence

per gallon.

2. The duties of customs set out in the first column

of the following table, imposed on goods removed or

imported into the Isle of Man by the respective enactments set out in the second column of that table, shall

continue to be payable as from the first day of August,

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 34.

201

1931,

nineteen hundred and thirty-one, until the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and thirty-two :—

Table.

Duty. Enactment imposing duty.

Additional duties on ale or beer- Section 3 of the Act of 1930.

Duty on buttons ... Section 17 of the Act of 1928. 18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 38.

Duties on cinematograph films - Section G of the Act of 1925 as 15 & 1G

amended by section 12 of the Geo. 5. c. 50.

Act of 1927 and section 14 of 17 & 18

the Act of 1928. Geo. 5. c. 20.

Duties on (docks and watches and Section 6 of the Act of 1925.

component parts of clocks and

watches.

Duties on cocoa .... Section 4 of the Act of 1924. 14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 24.

Duty on enamelled hollow-ware- Section 17 of the Act of 1928.

Duties on hops and extracts, Section 5 of the Act of 1925.

essences and other similar

preparations (other than hop

oil) made from hops.

Duty on hop oil - - Section 3 of the Act of 1929. 20 & 21

Geo. 5. <•. 1

Duties on matches ... Section 7 of the Act of 1927.

Duty on mechanical lighters, and Section 8 of the Act of 1928.

component parts of mechanical

lighters.

Duties on motor cars, including Section 6 of the Act of 1925 as

motor bicycles and motor tri- amended by section G of the

cycles, and their accessories and Act of 192G and section 11 of 10 & 17

component parts. the Act of 1927. Geo. 5. c. 27.

Duties on— Section 0 of the Act of 1925.

(a) musical instruments, including gramophones, pianolas,

and other similar instruments;

(b) accessories and component

part s of musical instrunn nts,

and records ard other means of

reproducing music.

Duty on translucent or vitrified Section 14 of the Act of 1927.

pottery.

Duties on silk or artificial silk - Section 7 of the Act of 1925 as

amended by section 8 of the Aet

of 192G.

202

Ch. 34, 35.

Interpretation and

short title.

IsIp, of Man (Customs)21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

Duty.

Enactment imposing duty.

Duties on spirits

Section 2 of the Act of 1930.

Duty on sweets -

Section 2 of the Act of 1929.

Duties on tobacco

Section 6 of the Act of 1927.

Duties on wines -

Section 1 of the Act of 1927.

3. — (1) In this Act a reference to an Act of any

year shall be deemed to be a reference to the Isle of

Man (Customs) Act of that year.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to provide for the making of advances to

certain companies in respect of sugar manufactured by them in Great Britain during a period

of one year beginning on the first day of October,

nineteen hundred and thirty-one, from beet

grown in Great Britain; to provide for the

recovery in certain events of the whole or

some part of the advances so made, and for

the remission of any balance thereof not so

recovered; and for purposes incidental to, or

consequential upon, the matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1931.]

WHEREAS His Majesty’s Government have, subject

I f to the approval of Parliament, offered to grant

assistance by way of advances, to the extent and subject

to the conditions mentioned in this Act, to such persons

engaged in the manufacture in Great Britain of sugar

from beet grown in Great Britain as might be prepared

to* accept those conditions, and the said conditions have

Ch. 35.

203

103 J. British Sugar

Industry (Assistance) Act, 1931.

‘been accepted by the companies specified in the First

Schedule to this Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and

to the satisfaction of such requirements as to proof

and otherwise as may be prescribed, the Minister of

Agriculture and Fisheries (in this Act referred to as " the Minister ") shall, out of moneys provided by Parliament,

make advances to the companies specified in the first

column of the First Schedule to this Act in respect of

sugar manufactured by them from home-grown beet

during the period of one year commencing on the first day

of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, in the

factories specified in the second column of the said

Schedule.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding

subsection, the maximum quantity of sugar in respect of

which advances may be made under this section shall,

in the case of each scheduled factory, be three hundred

thousand hundredweights, and if during the above

mentioned period of one year a greater quantity of sugar

is manufactured from home-grown beet at any such

factory, advances shall be made in respect of the earliest

output therefrom.

(3) A scheduled company which owns two or more

scheduled factories may, with the consent of the Minister,

elect that all those factories shall be treated for the

purposes of this Act as a combination of factories, and

two or more scheduled companies may, w'itlx the like

consent, elect that all the scheduled factories owned by

those companies shall be so treated, and, where such an

election is 30 made, the maximum quantity of sugar in

respect of which advances may be made to the company

or companies in question shall be three hundred thousand

hundredweights multiplied by the number of factories

included in the combination, and if a greater quantity

of sugar is manufactured from home-grown beet at those

combined factories, advances shall be made in respect of the earliest output therefrom.

Provision

for the

making of

advances to

certain

manufacturers of

British beet

sugar.

204

Hit. 35.

British Sugar 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Industry (Assistance) Act, 1931.

Where two or more companies have combined, under *

this subsection, the advances payable in respect of their

combined factories shall be paid to them in such proportions as they may agree, or as, in default of agreement,

may be determined by the Minister.

(4) An advance shall not be made under this section

to any company unless the Minister is satisfied, as

respects all sugar manufactured, or to be manufactured,

by the company from home-grown beet during the year

commencing on the first day of October, nineteen hundred

and thirty-one, that the price paid, or agreed to be paid, to

the grower of the beet represents a rate not less than the

price per ton specified in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(5) The amount of the advance to be made in respect

of each hundredweight of sugar in respect of which an

advance may be claimed under this section shall be

calculated in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act by reference to the market

price of imported sugar, and shall in no case exceed one

shilling and threepence per hundredweight.

(6) A calculation of the amount payable under this

section to a scheduled company shall be made in respect

of the output of each week, and payment shall be made

so soon as may be after the amount payable has been

ascertained.

Provisions

with respect

to repayment of

advances.

15 Geo. 5.

e. 12.

2.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have

effect with respect to the manner in which, and the

extent to which, advances made to a company under

the last preceding section shall be repayable.

(2) Until the total amount of the advances made

to any company is repaid, deductions calculated in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Third Schedule

to this Act shall, while the market price of imported

sugar is sufficiently high to bring those provisions into

operation, be made from any subsidies payable to the

company under the British Sugar (Subsidy) Act, 1925, in

respect of sugar manufactured during the period of two

years beginning on the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and thirty-two.

(3) If within the period of three years commencing

on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

thirty-one, a winding up order is made, or a resolution for

a voluntary winding up is passed, with respect to the

1931.

British Sugar

Industry (Assistance) Act, 1931.

Ch. 35.

205

' company, or possession is duly taken of any of the

company’s property by or on behalf of the holders of any

debentures secured by a floating charge, or a receiver or

manager of the company’s business is duly appointed,

the total amount of the advances made to the company

shall, so far as not previously repaid under the last

preceding subsection, become due and payable to the Minister by the company.

(4) Save as aforesaid, the advances shall not be

repayable.

3. For the purpose of facilitating the administration Administra-

of this Act, any subsidy payable to a scheduled company tive pro-

under the British Sugar (Subsidy) Act, 1925, hi respect Y^i 0113 as

of sugar manufactured from home-grown beet at a

scheduled factory in Scotland during the period of three

years commencing on the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and thirty-one, shall be paid by the Minister

instead of by the Department of Agriculture for Scotland.

4. — (1) If it is found at any time that any company Repayment

has obtained any payment by way of advance under this of advances

Act to which, or to any part of which, the company was improperly

not lawfully entitled, the amount of that payment or of and' 1 penalty

that part of the payment may, without prejudice to the for false *

criminal liability, if any, of any person for any untrue statements,

statement or untrue representation, be recovered by the &<-'•

Minister summarily as a civil debt.

(2) If for the purpose of obtaining payment of an

advance for any company any person makes any untrue

statement or untrue representation, he shall, in respect

of each offence, be liable on summary conviction to a

penalty of fifty pounds, unless he proves that he did not

know and could not with reasonable diligence have

ascertained that the statement or representation was

untrue.

5. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, interpre-

the following expressions have the meanings hereby tation.

respectively assigned to them, that is to say, —

" Home-grown beet" means beet grown in Great

Britain;

" Manufactured " includes refined;

" Polarisation" means the polarisation indicated

by sugar when tested by a polariscope;

I' 06 Ch. 35. British Sugar 21 & 22 Ge«. 5.

Industry (Assistance) Act, 1931.

" Prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the'"

Minister after consultation "with the Treasury;

and

" Scheduled company " and " scheduled factory "

mean respectively a company or factory mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act.

[Short title.] 6. This Act may be cited as the British Sugar

Industry (Assistance) Act, 1931.

SCHEDULES.

Section 1(1). FIRST SCHEDULE.

List of Companies and Factories.

Name of Company. Name of Factory.

Anglo-Scottish Beet Sugar Corporation, Ltd.

Second Anglo-Scottish Beet Sugar

Corporation, Ltd.

West Midland Sugar Co., Ltd.

United Sugar Co.. Ltd. -

Shropshire Beet Sugar Co., Ltd. -

British Sugar Manufacturers, Ltd. -

Lincolnshire Sugar Co., Ltd. -

Second Lincolnshire Sugar Co., Ltd.

Yorkshire Sugar Co., Ltd.

Col wick, Nottinghamshire.

Spalding, Lincolnshire.

Poppleton, Yorkshire.

Felstead, Essex.

Cupar, Fife.

Kidderminster, Worcestershire.

Bury St. Edmunds, Suffolk.

Allscott, Shropshire.

Wissington, Norfolk.

Bardney, Lincolnshire.

Brigg, Lincolnshire.

Selby, Yorkshire.

Section 1 (4). SECOND SCHEDULE.

Minimum Price of Beet.

For the purposes of subsection (4) of section one of this Act the minimum price of beet shall be 38a. per ton, calculated

in accordance with the following rules :—

1. Price means the price payable as in respect of beets

properly topped and washed, delivered into the factory sidings

or flumes and having a sugar content of fifteen and one-half

per cent.

1931^ British Sugar Ch. 35.

Industry (Assistance) Act, 1931.

2. Where the sugar content of any beets is greater or less

than fifteen and one-half per cent, there shall be made an addition

to or deduction from the minimum price at the rate of threepence

in respect of each 0-1 per cent, above or below fifteen and one-half,

as the case may be.

3. The sugar content of beets shall be ascertained by means

of the cold water digestion method.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Rules fob Calculating Advances and Deductions.

General.

1. In this Schedule—

" relevant market price " in relation to any sugar means

such sum as the Minister may determine in the

prescribed manner and certify to be the average price

per hundredweight at which, during the fortnight

preceding the week in which the manufacture of the

sugar was completed, a person who required sugar

shipped during the calendar month next following the

calendar month within which the last day of that

fortnight fell, could have purchased raw cane sugar,

first runnings, basis ninety-six degrees polarisation,

c.i.f. London and/or Liverpool, under the contract

terms of the United Terminal Sugar Market Association

of London;

" week " and " fortnight " mean respectively a period of

seven days and a period of fourteen days, commencing

on a Sunday;

" basic price " in relation to a scheduled company,

means seven shillings and ninepence increased by

an amount equivalent to nine-hundredths of the

value of the buildings and plant, machinery and other

equipment, whether fixed or not, erected or installed

by the company in question in connection with the

manufacture of sugar, molasses and other products

from home-grown beet divided by such number as

the Minister may determine to be the number of

hundredweights of sugar, of ninety-eight degrees

polarisation, which the company could manufacture

from home-grown beet at its scheduled factories

during a period of ninety working days, if sufficient

beet were available to keep the factories employed

during that period; and

207

2nd Sen.

— cant.

Sections 1

(5), 2 (2).

20S

Ch. 35.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

British Sugar 21 & 22 Gr.o. 5.

Industry (Assistance) Act, 1931.

for the purposes of the foregoing definition, the value of the buildings, plant, machinery and equipment of a

company shall be taken to be their value as shown in

the company's audited balance sheet as at the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

thirty-one, reduced by the amount of any provision

for their depreciation and obsolescence which was

made in that balance sheet by way of a depreciation

reserve or otherwise, and subject to any necessary

apportionments being made to the satisfaction of the Minister as respects any buildings, plant, machinery

or equipment erected or installed otherwise than in

connection with the manufacture of products from

home-grown beet;

" the Act of 1925" means the British Sugar (Subsidy)

Act, 1925.

2. The Minister after consultation with such persons, if any,

as he may think fit, and with the Treasury, shall determine in

accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Schedule a

basic price for each scheduled company, and the Minister’s

certificate as to any such basic price and as to the correctness

of any other calculation required to be made for the purposes of this Schedule shall be final and conclusive.

Calculation of Advances.

3. If the relevant market price is or exceeds seven shillings

and ninepence, no advance shall be made.

4. If the relevant market price is less than seven shillings

and ninepence, but is not less than six shillings and sevenpence

the advance to be made in respect of any sugar shall be an amount

equivalent to one seventy-eighth part of the subsidy payable in

respect of that sugar under the Act of 1925 multiplied by the

number of pence (a fraction of a penny being treated for this

purpose as a complete penny) by which the relevant market price

falls short of seven shillings and ninepence.

5. If the relevant market price is less than six shillings and

sevenpence, the advance to be made in respect of any sugar shall

be an amount equivalent .te fifteen seventy-eighth parts of the

subsidy payable in respect of that sugar under the Act of 1925.

Calculation of Deductions.

6. No deduction shall be made from the subsidy payable

under the Act of 1925 in respect of sugar manufactured by a

company unless the relevant market price exceeds the basic price

for that company, but if the relevant market price exceeds the

basic price, one seventy-eighth part of the subsidy so payable

shall be deducted for every penny (or fraction of a penny) of the amount by which the one price exceeds the other.

1931

Unemployment

Insurance (No. 3) Act, 1931.

Ch. 3u.

209

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to provide for the amendment, in relation

to certain classes of persons, of the enactments

relating to unemployment insurance with a view

to the elimination of anomalies in the operation

of those enactments, and to provide for facilitating the removal of workers and their dependants

from one place to another.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of removing anomalies which Provisions

have arisen in the operation of the Unemployment with respect

Insurance Acts in connection with the classes of persons 1° benefit

hereinafter in this section mentioned, it shall be the duty " ocial 3

of the Minister, after consultation with the Advisory ci^s'of

Committee constituted for the purposes of this section, persons,

to make as soon as may be after the passing of this Act,

regulations which shall, in relation to the classes of persons

to whom this section applies, impose such additional

conditions and terms with respect to the receipt of benefit

and such restrictions on the amount and period of benefit,

and make such modifications in the provisions of the

Unemployment Insurance Acts relating to the determination of claims for benefit, as may appear necessary

for the purposes aforesaid.

(2) The classes of persons to whom this section

applies are the following :—

(a) persons who habitually work for less than a full

week, and by the practice of the trade in which

they are employed nevertheless receive earnings

or similar payments of an amount greater than

the normal earnings for a full week of persons

following the same occupation in the sanle

district;

0

210

Ch. 36.

Unemployment 21 & 22 Gr t p. 5.

Insurance (No. 3) Act, 1931.

(b) persons whose normal employment is employ *

ment for portions of the year only in occupations

which are of a seasonal nature;

(c) persons whose normal employment is employment in an occupation in which their services

are not normally required for more than two

days in the week or who owing to personal

circumstances are not normally employed for

more than two days in the week;

(d) married women who, since marriage or in any

prescribed period subsequent to marriage, have

had less than the prescribed number of contributions paid in respect of them:

Provided that this class shall not include married

women whose husbands are incapacitated from work or

are unemployed and not in receipt of benefit.

(3) The regulations made under this section in

relation to persons of the class specified in paragraph (a)

of subsection (2) of this section shall not operate so as

to reduce the amount of benefit otherwise payable to

any person in respect of any week by more than the

amount by which the aggregate of the earnings or

similar payments received by him in that week and of the benefit aforesaid exceeds the normal earnings for a

full week of persons following the same occupation in

the same district.

(4) Regulations made in pursuance of this section

may apply either generally to all the persons specified in

subsection (2) of this section or to any class of those

persons or to any portion of such a class, or with respect

to them or any of them, in any specified area.

(5) In the case of a person who, immediately before

the date on which any regulations made in pursuance of this section come into operation, satisfied the requirements

for the receipt of benefit under the law in force immediately before the said date, benefit may, during such

period as may be necessary for the examination of the

qualifications of that person for the receipt of benefit

under the said regulations, but not in any case after the

expiration of three months from the said date, be paid to

him as if the regulations had not been made.

Unemployment

Insurance (No. 3) Act, 1931.

Ch. 36.

211

(6) Before making any regulations under this section,

the Minister shall submit a draft thereof to the Advisory

Committee and that Committee shall forthwith proceed

to take the draft into consideration and shall as soon as

may be make a report thereon to the Minister.

The Minister shall cause every report received by

him from the Advisory Committee to be laid forthwith

before each House of Parliament.

2.—(1) For the purposes of section one of this Act,

there shall within six weeks after the passing of this Act

be established an Advisory Committee which shall be

constituted in the manner provided by this section.

(2) The Advisory Committee shall consist of a

chairman and nine other members (of whom at least

one shall be a woman) who shall be appointed by the Minister, and shall hold office for such period from the date

of their appointment as the Minister may think proper.

(3) Of the said nine members three shall be appointed by the Minister after consultation with the

General Council of the Trades Union Congress, three

after consultation with the National Confederation of

Employers’ Organisations, and one after consultation

with the Treasury.

(4) If any member of the Advisory Committee

becomes in the opinion of the Minister unfit for any

reason to continue to be a member of the Committee, the Minister may terminate his appointment.

(5) Provision may be made by regulations with

respect to proceedings and meetings of the Advisory

Committee (including the method of voting and quorum),

and all matters incidental thereto.

(6) There may be paid to members of the Advisory

Committee and to any persons to whom the Committee

may, with the approval of the Minister, refer questions

for consideration and advice, such travelling and other

allowances, including compensation for loss of remunerative time, as the Minister, with the sanction of the

Treasury, may determine, and any such payments shall

be treated as expenses incurred by the Minister in carrying

the Unemployment Insurance Acts into operation.

Constitution

of Advisory

Committee.

212

Ch. 30.

Schemes for

facilitating

removal of

workers

from one

place to

another,

Expenses of

Minister of

Labour.

Interpretation, application and

short title.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 30.

Unemployment 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Insurance (No. 3) Act, 1931.

3. With a view to promoting employment, the Minister may, on such terms and subject to such conditions as may be determined by schemes made by him,

with the approval of the Treasury, make provision by

way of grant or loan or otherwise for the purpose of

facilitating the removal of workers and their dependants

from one place to another.

4. The expenses incurred by the Minister under

this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by

Parliament.

5. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires—

The expression "benefit" means unemployment

benefit:

The expression "Minister" means the Minister of

Labour:

The expression "the Unemployment Insurance

Acts" means the Unemployment Insurance Acts,

1920 to 1931:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

regulations:

The expression "regulations" means regulations

made under section thirty-five of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

(3) Sections one and two of this Act shall continue

in force until the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred

and thirty-three, and no longer.

(4) This Act may be cited as the Unemployment

Insurance (No. 3) Act, 1931, and shall so far as it relates

to unemployment insurance be construed as one with

the Unemployment Insurance Acts, and be included

among the Acts which may be cited together as the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1931, and any

reference in this Act to the Unemployment Insurance

Acts, or to any of those Acts, or to any provision in any

of those Acts shall, unless the context otherwise requires,

be construed as a reference to those Acts, that Act or that

provision in that Act, as the case may be, as amended by

this Act,

1931.

Adoption of

Children (Scotland) Act, 1931.

Ch. 37.

213

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, with respect to the effect of adoptions under that Act for the purposes of the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, 1925 and 1929.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Where a child was prior to the commencement of the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, (in this Act referred to as the principal Act) in the custody of and

being brought up, maintained and educated by two

spouses jointly as their child under a de facto adoption

and continued until the commencement of the principal

Act to be in the custody of and to be brought up and

maintained and educated by the spouses or the surviving

spouse, then if the child has, whether before or after the

commencement of this Act, been adopted under the provisions of the principal Act by the surviving spouse he

shall, as from the date of such adoption or of the commencement of this Act, whichever is the later, be treated

for the purposes of the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age

Contributory Pensions Acts, 1925 and 1929, as being the

child of those spouses and as not being the child of any

other person:

Provided that—

(i) this section shall not apply in the case of a

child in respect of whom an additional

allowance or orphan’s pension was payable

under the said Acts at the date of Ins

adoption under the principal Act or of the

commencement of this Act, whichever is*the

later; and

Effect of

adoption

order in

certain

cases for

purposes of

Widows’,

Orphans ’

and Old

Age Contributory

Pensions

Acts.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 37.

214 Ch. 37, 38. Adoption of 21 & 22 Gi^o. 5.

Children (Scotland) Act, 1931.

(ii) this section shall not apply in any case whertt

the adoption order was granted on an

application presented after the, thirty-first

day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-two.

[Short title.] 2. This Act may be cited as the Adoption of Children

(Scotland) Act, 1931, and the Adoption of Children

(Scotland) Act, 1930, and this Act may be cited together

as the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Acts, 1930 and

1931.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to extend the purposes for which the

Government of the Isle of Man may borrow

under and in accordance with the Isle of Man

Loans Act, 1880.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The purposes for which the Government of the

Isle of Man may borrow under and in accordance with

the Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880, shall be extended so as

to include the purpose of providing such capital sum as

may be necessary to discharge the liability which that

Government has accepted to make contributions to

His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom in

respect of the cost of the late war.

Short title 2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man

and citation. Loang Act> 193L

v- f 52 oq (2) The Isle of Man Loans Act, 1880, section eight

60 & 61 of the Public Works Loans Act, 1888, section ten of the

Vict. c. 51. Public Works Loans Act, 1897, and this Act may be cited

together as the Isle of Man Loans Acts, 1880 to 1931.

Extension

of powers

to borrow.

43 & 44

Vict. c. 8.

193JL Hmisiny Ch. 3!).

(Rural Authorities) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to enable further assistance to be given to

rural housing authorities in regard to the provision of houses in agricultural parishes in England

and in rural areas in Scotland for agricultural

workers and for persons whose economic

condition is substantially the same as that of

such workers, and in connection therewith to

amend the provisions of section three of the

Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1924, with

respect to the rents of such houses.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—•

1.—(1) The Minister of Health (in this Act referred

to as " the Minister ") may, subject to the provisions

of this Act and on the recommendation of a committee

(hereinafter referred to as " the Committee ") appointed

by him with the approval of the Treasury for the purposes

of this Act, undertake to make special contributions, on

such conditions as he may with the like approval

determine, towards the expenses to be incurred by such

rural district councils as are hereinafter mentioned in

providing houses in the agricultural parishes of their

districts for agricultural workers and persons of substantially the same economic condition, that is to say,

persons whose incomes are, in the opinion of the council

concerned, such that they would not ordinarily pay

rents in excess of those paid by agricultural workers in

the council’s district.

(2) If any member of the Committee becomes, in

the opinion of the Minister, unfit for any reason to

continue to be a member of the Committee, the Minister

may terminate his appointment.

Special

Government contributions

to housing

expenses of

certain rural

district

councils.

216

Ch. 39.

Housing 21 & 22 Ge£. 5.

(Rural Authorities) Act, 1931.

(3) Contributions may be made under this section-

to such rural district councils only as—

(a) before the thirtieth day of November, nineteen

hundred and thirty-one, make application to

the Committee for the purpose; and

(b) satisfy the Committee that their financial resources are insufficient to enable them without

assistance under this section to make adequate

provision in the agricultural parishes of their

districts for meeting the need for houses for

such persons as are mentioned in subsection (1)

of this section.

(4) In considering applications so made to them,

the Committee shall be guided by any general directions

which may be given to them by the Minister, with the

approval of the Treasury, for the purposes of this

section.

(5) The Minister shall cause any conditions laid

down by him under subsection (1) of this section, and

any directions given by him under the last preceding

subsection, to be laid forthwith before the Commons

House of Parliament, and, if that House "within the next

twenty-one days on which the House has sat after any

such conditions or directions are laid before it, resolves

that they shall be annulled, they shall cease to have

effect but without prejudice to the validity of anything

previously done thereunder, or to the laying down or

giving of fresh conditions or directions.

(6) A contribution under this section shall be such

sum payable annually for a period of forty years in

respect of each house as the Minister, on the recommendation of the Committee, may determine to be appropriate

to the circumstances of the particular council and

shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any

14 & 15 contributions payable by the Minister under the Housing

Geo. 5. c. 35. (Financial Provisions) Act, 1924, or by a county council

on under section thirty-four of the Housing Act, 1930.

(7) The rents to be charged by a council for the

houses in respect of which contributions arc being made

under this section shall not exceed such sums as may be

determined by the Minister in accordance with recommendations of the Committee, and in relation to any

193V Housing Ch. 39. 217

(Rural Authorities) Act, 1931.

Such house the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act,

1924, shall have effect as if compliance with the requirement imposed by this subsection were compliance with

the requirements of paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of

section three of that Act and, for the purposes of any

calculation of rents of other houses to be made under

the said paragraph, any such house shall be disregarded.

2. With a view to assisting rural district councils Power of

in the preparation and carrying out of schemes for the Minister of

provision of dwelling accommodation in the agricultural IIual, tb to

parishes of their districts to meet the needs of such Strict* 1

persons as are mentioned in subsection (1) of the preceding councils

section, the Minister, if he is requested by any such by acquiring

council so to do and is satisfied that their financial resources 1-md and

are insufficient, and that the council of the county is

unwilling to give assistance to them under subsection (1) s '

of section thirty-three of the Housing Act, 1930, may

with the consent of the Treasury acquire land and erect

houses on behalf and at the expense of that council, and

for that purpose may exercise any powers which, under

the enactments relating to the housing of the working

classes, the council might exercise in regard to the

acquisition of land and the erection of houses, or may

make arrangements with any other Government Department for the exercise by that Department of any of those

powers which, in his opinion, could more conveniently be

so exercised.

3. For the purposes of this Act, the expression Meaning of

"agricultural parish" has the same meaning as that "agricul-

which, by virtue of section sixty of the Housing Act, tural,

1930, it has for the purposes of Part III of that Act. park

4. — (1) Sections one and two of this Act, in their Application

application to Scotland, shall have effect subject to the to Scotland,

following modifications:—

(a) References to the Minister of Health shall be

construed as references to the Department of

Health for Scotland (in this section referred to

as "the Department"), and references to the

Committee shall be construed as references to

a committee appointed by the Department

with the approval of the Treasury for the

purposes of this Act; and

218

Ch. 39, 40.

Housing 21 & 22 G|:o. 5.

(Rural Authorities), Act, 1931.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 15.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 40.

Expenses of

Minister of

Health and

Department

of Health

for Scotland.

Short title

and extent.

(b) References to rural district councils and to thek

districts shall be construed as references to

county councils as local authorities under the

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925, and to their

counties, and references to agricultural parishes

shall be construed as references to rural areas.

(2) In this section the expression "rural area "

has the same meaning as that which it has in the Housing

(Financial Provisions) Act, 1924, as amended by the

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930, and any question as to

whether an area is or is not a rural area shall be determined by the Department, whose decision shall be final.

5. Any contributions which the Minister of Health

and the Department of Health for Scotland may undertake to make under section one of this Act shall be

defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, but

the present capital values of those contributions as

calculated at the dates on which the Minister or, as the

case may be, the Department undertake to make them

(interest being reckoned for the purpose at the rate of

four pounds ten shillings per centum per annum) shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of two million pounds,

of which eighty ninety-first parts shall be allocated to

England, and eleven ninety-first parts shall be allocated

to Scotland.

6 . —(1) This Act may be cited as the Housing

(Rural Authorities) Act, 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Agricultural Produce

(Grading and Marking) Act, 1928.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

1931* Agricultural Produce Ch. 40. 21!)

(Grading and Marking) Amendment Act, 1931.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(l)'The Agricultural Produce (Grading and Application Marking) Act, 1928 (in this Act referred to as "the principal Act") shall apply* to fishery produce as it c 0

applies to agricultural produce and accordingly section produce,

one of that Act shall have effect as if after the words jg & pj

"agricultural produce " wherever those words occur there Geo 5 .e 10.

were therein inserted the words "or fishery produce."

(2) Section eight of the principal Act shall have

effect as if for the words "references to the Board of

" Agriculture for Scotland shall be substituted for

" references to the Minister of Agriculture and

" Fisheries" there were therein substituted the words

" for references to the Minister of Agriculture and

" Fisheries there shall be substituted, as respects agri-

" cultural produce, references to the Department

" of Agriculture for Scotland, and as respects fishery

" produce, references to the 'Fishery Board for

" Scotland."

2. For the definition of "agricultural produce " Definition

contained in section seven of the principal Act there shall of agricul-

be substituted the following definition:— u f al and

fishery

" Agricultural produce " and " fishery produce " produce,

include respectively all produce of agriculture

or horticulture and of the fishing industry, all

articles of food or drink wholly or partly manufactured or derived from any such produce as

aforesaid, and fleeces and the skins of animals.

3. For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared Removal of

that the power of the Minister under subsection (1) of doubts as to

section two of the principal Act to make provision for conditions

conditions being attached to any authorisation granted attached

under that subsection (which relates to the marking with under s. 2 (1)

the grade designation mark of any article in respect of of the prin-

which such a mark has been prescribed or of any covering cipal Act.

containing or label attached to any such article) shall

include and shall be deemed always to have included

power to make provision for conditions being attached

as to the payment of any expenses incurred by the Minister, or by any person or body of persons authorised

220

Protection

of grade

designation

marks.

Ch. 40. Agricultural Produce 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(i Grading and Marking) Amendment Act, 1931.

under that subsection, in connection with the manufacture or use of any die, block, machine, or other

instrument requisite for the purpose of the reproduction

of the mark, or with the manufacture or use of any

covering or label marked therewith.

4. — (1) Subject as hereinafter provided, any person

who uses, in connection with any article whatsoever, any

mark or description of such a character or in such

manner as to be calculated, by reason of the resemblance

of that mark or description to a grade designation mark

or to any prescribed part of a grade designation mark or

by reason of that mark or description being or incorporating the words "national mark" or otherwise, to

lead to a false belief that the article is an article of a

class to which designations indicating quality have been

prescribed by regulations made under statutory powers,

shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds, or, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two

years or to a fine, or to both imprisonment and fine:

Provided that—

(a) if any person proves that any mark or description was used or registered in connection with any article before the seventeenth day of June,

nineteen hundred and thirty-one, or was used

in connection with any article before the

prescription under the principal Act of any

grade designation mark or prescribed part of

a grade designation mark resembling that

mark or description, he shall not be convicted

of an offence under this section by reason only

of the use of that mark or description in

connection with that or similar articles; and

(b) proceedings for an offence under this section

shall not be instituted except by or with the

consent of the Minister or by a council whose

duty it is, under section five of the principal

Act, to enforce the provisions of this Act, or

by an officer appointed by the Minister or by

such a council as aforesaid and authorised in

1931. Agricultural Produce Ch. 40.

(Grading and Marking) Amendment Act, 1931.

221

• that behalf by special or general directions

given by the Minister or council, so, however,

that any such proceedings may be instituted

in Scotland by the procurator fiscal.

In this subsection the expression "prescribed part

of a grade designation mark" means a mark prescribed

by regulations made under the principal Act as a grade

designation mark when used in association with a

grade designation (whether with or without the addition

of any words or letters), and the expression "registered "

means registered under the Trade Marks Acts, 1905

to 1919.

(2) Subsection (3) of section two of the principal

Act (which provides, among other things, that a person

who uses in connection with any article any mark so

nearly resembling a grade designation mark as to be

calculated to deceive shall be liable to the punishment

therein mentioned but that no person shall be liable for

any offence mentioned in that subsection if he proves

that he acted without intent to defraud) shall be amended

as follows, that is to say—

(i) for paragraph (c) there shall be substituted the

following paragraph—

" (c) uses in connection with any article

whatsoever, any mark of such a character or

in such maimer as to be calculated, by reason

of the resemblance of that mark to a grade

designation mark, to deceive and

(ii) for the word "defraud " there shall be substituted

the word " deceive."

5. This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Produce

(Grading and Marking) Amendment Act, 1931, and shall

be construed as one with the principal Act and that Act

and this Act may be cited together as the Agricultural

Produce (Grading and Marking) Acts, 1928 and 1931.

Short title,

construction

and citation.

Ch. 41.

oo->

J

Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Gi; o. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to promote the better utilisation of agricultural land in Great Britain and the settlement

of unemploj^ed persons thereon, to amend the

law relating to small holdings and allotments,

and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Promotion of Better Utilisation of

Agricultural Land in Great Britain.

Power of

Minister to

acquire and

hold land

for use as

demonstration

farmsj

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 40.

1.—(1) The Minister shall have power to purchase

land or to take land on lease by agreement and to equip

and hold land for the purpose of utilising the land as

demonstration farms conducted on an economic basis

under the management and control, as agents for the Minister, of local authorities, universities, agricultural

colleges, or other bodies, or of any persons who, in the

opinion of the Minister, are qualified to manage and

control such farms and to give instruction in agricultural

subjects:

Provided that no farm conducted under the powers

conferred by this section shall exceed two hundred and

fifty acres in extent unless the annual value thereof was

at the date of the acquisition of the land by the Minister

assessed for the purposes of income tax under Schedule A

of the Income Tax Act, 1918, at an amount which did

not exceed two hundred and fifty pounds.

(2) The Minister shall make to Parliament not later

than the first day of May an annual report as to the

operations conducted under this section, including the

annual accounts of each demonstration farm carried on

thereunder, and such accounts shall include a profit-and-

loos account for each farm and a valuation made at the

end of each financial year.

1931, Agricultural Land Ch. 41.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

2. — (1) If the Minister is of opinion, with respect to

any piece of land, that the execution thereon of reclamation, drainage, or other work is necessary in order to

enable the piece of land to he satisfactorily and economically used for agricultural purposes, he may purchase

and hold the piece of land and execute thereon such work

as aforesaid for the purposes of letting, selling or otherwise

disposing of, the piece of land when the said work has

been executed:

Provided that the Minister shall not acquire any

land under this section otherwise than by agreement,

save as hereinafter in this section expressly provided.

(2) If it appears to the Minister that any piece of

land suitable for use for agricultural purposes cannot

be satisfactorily and economically used for those purposes

by reason of its being in a seriously neglected condition,

the Minister may, after consultation with the council of the county or county borough, as the case may be, and

after giving notice to the owner and the occupier of the

piece of land, authorise any person to enter on and inspect

the piece of land and report to him thereon.

(3) If after receiving a report under the last foregoing subsection with respect to any piece of land the Minister is satisfied that the piece of land is in a seriously

neglected condition and that the condition thereof has

been caused by the failure of the owner thereof to execute

thereon any necessary works of maintenance, or in the

case of land not in the occupation of the owner, by the

failure of the owner to take reasonable steps to reserve

or enforce any right for securing the execution on the

piece of land of any necessary works of maintenance,

then, subject to the provisions of this section, the Minister

may cause to be served upon the owner a notice requiring

the execution on the piece of land within such period as

may be specified in the notice (not being less than six

months after the service of the notice upon the owner)

of such works as may be specified therein, and may, if

at the expiration of that period the Minister determines

that the requirements of the notice (not being requirements determined by arbitration to be unreasonable)

have not been complied with, purchase the piece of

land otherwise than by agreement, and hold the piece

of land and execute works thereon as if it had been

acquired under subsection (1) of this section:

223

Part I.

— cont.

Power of

Minister to

acquire land

for purposes

of re-conditioning.

224

Part I.

— cont.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 18.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Provided that, if, after the determination of the

amount of the compensation to be paid to any person

in respect of his interest in any piece of lapd proposed

to be compulsorily acquired under this subsection, it

appears to the Minister that, having regard to the

determination, the total expenditure involved in proceeding further under this section would not be justified,

the Minister may, at any time within six weeks after

the determination, by notice in writing withdraw any

notice to treat served on that person or on any other

person interested in the piece of land, and in such case

any person on whom such a notice of withdrawal has

been served shall be entitled to obtain from the Minister

compensation for any loss or expenses which he may

have sustained or incurred by reason or in consequence

of the notice to treat and of the notice of withdrawal,

and the amount of such compensation shall, in the event

of a dispute with respect thereto, be determined by a

single arbitrator appointed by agreement between the

parties to the dispute or, in default of such agreement,

by the President of the Chartered Surveyors’ Institution.

(4) Where any such notice as aforesaid requiring

the execution of works is served upon the owner of a

piece of land, a copy of the notice shall be served as

soon as may be upon every person upon whom the Minister would, if he proposed to acquire the land compulsorily, be required to serve notice to treat under

section eighteen of the Lands Clauses (Consolidation)

Act, 1845; and all such notices and copies of notices may

be served in like manner as such a notice to treat as

aforesaid, and may require the persons served to give

such particulars of their estate and interest in the piece

of land to which the notice or copy relates as might be

demanded by such a notice to treat as aforesaid:

Provided that, without prejudice to the duty of the Minister under this subsection to serve copies of notices

upon such of the persons mentioned in the said section

eighteen as, after diligent enquiry, are known to him, no

person shall be entitled to have such a copy served upon

him unless he notifies the Minister in writing of his

claim to receive such a copy not less than three months

before the expiration of the time limited by the notice

for compliance with the requirements thereof.

1931. Agricultural Land Ch. 41.

' (Utilisation) Act, 1931.

• (5) In the event of any dispute between the Minister

and any person upon whom a notice or a copy of a notice

has been served in accordance with the provisions of the

two last foregoing subsections as to whether—

(a) the piece of land to which the notice relates is in

a seriously neglected condition; or

(b) the condition of the piece of land has been caused

by the failure of the owner thereof to execute

thereon any necessary works of maintenance,

or, in the case of land not in the occupation of the owner, by the failure of the owner to take

reasonable steps to reserve or enforce any right

for securing the execution on the piece of land

of any necessary works of maintenance; or

(c) any requirements of the notice would involve

unreasonable expense or are otherwise unreasonable; or

(d) the time limited by the notice for compliance

with the requirements thereof ought to be

extended; or

(e) any requirements of the notice have not been

complied with,

that person may, subject as hereinafter provided, refer

the dispute to a single arbitrator appointed by agreement

between the parties to the dispute, or in default of such

agreement by the President of the Chartered Surveyors ’

Institution, and, where any such dispute is so referred,

the Minister shall not take any further proceedings under

this section except in accordance with the award of the

arbitrator:

Provided that—

(a) the arbitrator shall not award that the time

limited by any notice for compliance with the

requirements thereof ought to be extended

unless he is satisfied that all practicable

steps are being taken for complying with the

requirements of the notice other than any

requirements which he holds to have been

unreasonable, and where the arbitrator awards

that the time aforesaid ought to be extended

his award shall specify the period of the

extension; and

P

225

Part I.

— cont.

22G

Part I.

— cont.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 GEp. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

(b) a person shall not he entitled to refer Ut-

arbitration a dispute under this subsection,

in the case of a dispute as to the matters

mentioned in paragraphs (a) or (6) thereof,

after the expiration of two months from the

date on which the notice or a copy of the

notice was served upon him, in the case of a

dispute as to the matters mentioned in

paragraph (c) thereof, after the expiration

of the time limited by the notice for compliance with the requirements thereof, in the

case of a dispute as to the matters mentioned

in paragraph (d)thereof, after the expiration

of seven days from the expiration of the

time limited by the notice for compliance

with the requirements thereof, or in the

case of a dispute as to the matters mentioned

in paragraph (e) thereof, after the expiration

of fourteen days from the date on which

notice to treat is served upon him under

section eighteen of the Lands Clauses (Consolidation) Act, 1845.

(6) Any person upon whom a notice requiring the

execution of work or a copy of such a notice has been

served under this section shall have power, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any lease or other

instrument, but after giving reasonable notice in writing

to the occupier, to enter on the piece of land to which

the notice or copy relates and execute the work specified

in the notice, and if any person other than the person

executing the work is, under any lease or other instrument, liable (whether to him or otherwise) to execute

the work or any part thereof, any expenses incurred by

the person executing the work in the execution thereof or

of that part thereof, as the case may be, may be recovered

as a debt due to the person executing the work.

(7) Any person authorised by the Minister to

exercise any powers or duties under this section shall

be so authorised in writing and shall, if required by the

owner or occupier of the land to which the authority

relates, produce his authority to him, and if any person

prevents or obstructs any person so authorised in the

exercise of his powers or duties under this section, or

prevents or obstructs any person entitled under the

1931.

Agricultural Land

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Ch. 41.

227

Part I.

— cont.

(8) Any of the powers and duties conferred on the Minister by this section with respect to any piece of

land, except the power of acquiring or selling it, may,

by arrangement between him and the council of the

county or county borough, as the case may be, be

exercised and performed by that council as agents for

the Minister.

(9) An account, to be known as the Land Reconditioning Account, shall be drawn up annually by the Minister in such form and containing such particulars as

the Treasury may direct, showing all expenditure incurred

by him and the application of all moneys received by him

for the purposes of this section, and that account shall

be audited by the Comptroller and Auditor-General and

shall be laid before Parliament together # with his report

thereon.

(10) For the purposes of this section—

(a) every parcel of land in separate occupation

shall be deemed to be a piece of land, and a

piece of land shall be deemed to include any

buildings usually occupied therewith and any

easements or rights appurtenant thereto;

(b) the expression "agricultural purposes " includes all purposes directly connected with

the use of land as arable, meadow or pasture

land, or orchard, or for market gardens or

osier-beds;

(c) the expression "owner, " in relation to any

land, means the person (other than a mortgagee not in possession) entitled, either with

or without the consent of any other person,

to dispose of the fee simple of the land;

(d) the expression "works of maintenance " means

the repair or reconditioning of farmhouses,

cottages, agricultural buildings, drains, embankments, ditches, bridges, fences, walls,

hedges, gates, roads, and water supply; and

"last foregoing subsection to enter on a piece of land and

execute work thereon, he shall be liable on summary

conviction bo a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or, on

a second or subsequent conviction, to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding three months.

228

Part 1,

-— cont.

18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 44.

Provisions

as to acquisition of and

dealing with

land by

Minister.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 57.

7 Edw. 7.

c. cxxxvi

Cji. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

(e) the expression "agricultural buildings " has the

same meaning as in the Rating and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

3.—(1) In relation to the acquisition of land by

the Minister under this Part of this Act, the Lands

Clauses Acts, as amended by the Acquisition of Land

(Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919 (except sections

sixteen, seventeen, ninety-two, one hundred and twenty-

three, one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred

and thirty-three, one hundred and fifty and one hundred

and fifty-one of the Lands Clauses (Consolidation) Act,

1845) are hereby incorporated with this Act, subject

to the modifications mentioned in Part I of the First

Schedule to this Act:

Provided that—

(a) before giving notice in accordance with section

eighteen of the Lands Clauses (Consolidation)

Act, 1845, of his intention to acquire any

land otherwise than by agreement, the Minister

shall, except in the case of land which he is

empowered so to acquire by the last foregoing section, comply with the provisions of

Part II of the said Schedule; and

(b) nothing in this Part of this Act shall authorise

the compulsory acquisition of any land which

is the property of any local authority or has

been acquired for the purposes of a railway,

dock, canal, water, or other public undertaking, or which is, or forms part of, any

common or any town or village green, or any

area dedicated or appropriated as a public

park, garden, or pleasure ground, or used for

the purposes of public recreation, or which

forms part of the trust property to which the

National Trust Act, 1907, applies.

(2) Any land held by the Minister under this Part

of this Act shall be held on behalf of His Majesty, and

the Minister shall, subject to such conditions as may be

determined by the Treasury, have power, for any purpose,

to manage, sell, let, or exchange any such land, and to

pay or receive money in respect of equality of exchange.

19:^1. Agricultural Land Ch. 41. 009

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

4. In this Part of this Act and, for the purposes of Part I.

their incorporation therewith, in the Lands Clauses — cont.

Acts, and, in the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Definition of

Compensation) Act, 1919, the expression "land, " except "land."

where the context otherwise requires, includes any

interest in, or right or easement in or over, land.

Part II.

Small Holdings and Allotments.

Small Holdings.

5.—(1) If the Minister is satisfied that any person—

(a) is an unemployed person, that is to say a

person who is unemployed and unable to

obtain suitable employment;

(b) desires to lease a small holding and will

himself cultivate the holding; and

(c) is able to cultivate the holding properly; and

Power of

Minister to

provide

small holdings with

financial

assistance

for unemployed

persons.

(d) is not possessed of sufficient means to enable

him to obtain such a holding from the county

council.

the Minister shall have power to provide a small holding

other than a cottage holding, for that person and lease

it to him:

Provided that, before acquiring land in any county

for the purpose of providing small holdings thereon

under the powers conferred by this section, the Minister

shall consult the county council as to the localities in

which land suitable for the purpose can be obtained.

(2) Where under the powers conferred by this section

the Minister provides a small holding for any unemployed

person, the Minister may, in accordance with regulations

made by him with the approval of the Treasury—

(a) grant to that person an allowance of such amount

and for such period, not exceeding one year

from the date on which he enters into possession

of the small holding, as may be prescribed by

the regulations;

230

Part II.

— cont.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

(6) make or guarantee, or undertake to make or>

guarantee, grants by way of a loan to that

person of such sums as the Minister considers

necessary for enabling him to undertake the

business of a small holder, including sums for

the payment of any tenant right valuation or

for the purchase of stock, feeding stuffs, fruit

trees, seeds, fertilisers or implements required

for the purpose of the holding:

Provided that the Minister may, in accordance with such regulations as aforesaid, in lieu

of making a loan to any person under paragraph

(b) of this subsection supply to that person

any such stock, feeding stuffs, fruit trees, seeds,

fertilisers or implements as aforesaid, and in

that case the purchase price thereof shall be

deemed to be a loan to him made under the

said paragraph, and in the event of any difficulty in obtaining any stock required for the

purpose aforesaid the Minister may arrange for

the production thereof by any local authority,

society, or person, and for the provision of the

equipment necessary for that purpose upon such

terms as may be agreed between him and the

local authority, society, or person.

(3) The regulations made for the purpose of this

section shall prescribe—

(a) such scale of allowances as will secure that the

sums payable to any person shall not exceed

fifty pounds in the aggregate and shall not

exceed thirty shillings in any week, and that

the amount of the allowance is proportionally

reduced during the period in which the allowance

is payable having regard to the value of the

benefit which he may reasonably be expected

to derive from the small holding; and

(b) the rate of interest payable on any loans made

or guaranteed, or undertaken to be made or

guaranteed, under this section, and for such loans

being free of interest during such period as may

be prescribed.

- (4) Upon making or guaranteeing or undertaking

to make or guarantee under the powers conferred by this

1931. Agricultural Land Ch. 41. 231

* (Utilisation) Act, 1931.

•section a grant by way of a loan to any person, or upon Tart II.

supplying to any person any stock, feeding stuffs, fruit —cont.

trees, seeds}, fertilisers, or implements whereof the purchase price is deemed under this section to be a loan so

made to him, the Minister shall notify to the Land

Registrar particulars showing the name and address of

that person and the fact that he is indebted to the Minister in respect of such a loan, and the Land Registrar

shall cause a copy of the said particulars to be entered

on the register of agricultural charges kept under section nine of the Agricultural Credits Act, 1928, and to 18 & 19

remain so entered until he receives from the Minister Geo. 5. c. 43.

notice that the loan has been repaid; and any charge on

any of the farming stock or other agricultural assets

belonging to that person created (whether under that

Act or otherwise) while such particulars as aforesaid

remain entered in the said register shall be void unless

created with the written consent of the Minister.

For the purposes of this section, "farming stock" '

and " other agricultural assets " have the same meaning

as in the Agricultural Credits Act, 1928, and the provisions of section ten of that Act shall apply with respect

to entries made under this subsection as they apply to

entries relating to agricultural land charges.

(5) If it appears to the Minister that there are

persons desirous of obtaining small holdings under

this section who require, for themselves or for their

dependants, training to enable them to cultivate such

* holdings properly but otherwise possess the qualifications

required by subsection (1) of this section, the Minister of

Labour may, after consultation with him, make such

arrangements, by the establishment of training centres

and otherwise, as are necessary for securing that the

required training is made available—

(a) for any such person as aforesaid; and

(b) for not more than one dependant of any such

person or of any person for whom a small

holding has been provided under this section.

In this section the expression "dependant " means,

in relation to any person, the husband, wife, son, or

daughter (including a step-son or step-daughter and an

adopted son or daughter) of that person.

232

Part II.

— cont.

Power of

Minister to

provide

small

holdings

with financial assistance for

agricultural

workers.

Power of

Alinister to

provide

demonstration holdings.

Power of

Minister to

dispose of

or utilise

land not

required for

unemployed

]>ersons or

demonstration

holdings.

Power of

Minister to

act in

default of

county

councils

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

6. The Minister shall have power to provide a small

holding for an applicant who is an agricultural worker

or who, being or having been a member of If is Majesty’s

Forces, has had a suitable course of training for agriculture, on the same conditions as are set out in section

five of this Act and to extend to such applicant the same

facilities as are authorised by that section:

Provided that the condition set out in paragraph (a)

of subsection (1) of that section shall not apply in

respect of such applicant.

7. — (1) In any district in which small holdings are

provided under the Small Holdings and Allotments Acts,

the Minister shall have power to provide, equip, and

manage, demonstration holdings, that is to say, small

holdings to be used for the purpose of affording instructional demonstration to the persons for whom the small

holdings have been provided as to the cultivation and

management thereof.

(2) Any land acquired by the Minister for the purpose

of demonstration holdings shall be held by the Minister

on behalf of His Majesty and may be occupied and

managed by such local authorities, societies or persons

as the Minister may appoint as his agents for that

purpose in accordance with such directions as may be

given by him.

8 . If in the opinion of the Minister any land which

he has acquired for the purposes of any of the foregoing,

provisions of this Part of this Act is not needed for

those purposes but is needed for the purposes of small

holdings, he shall offer the land to the council of the

county for the provision of small holdings by the

council, and, if that council do not acquire the land,

he may himself provide small holdings thereon for any

persons who desire to buy or lease them and satisfy him

that they will themselves cultivate the holdings and are

able to cultivate them properly.

9. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, if the Minister is satisfied that the council of any county have

not provided sufficient small holdings to satisfy the

demand of persons who desire to buy or lease and will

themselves cultivate the holdings and are able to cultivate

193J. Agricultural Land Ch. 41.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

them properly, the Minister shall have power, without

prejudice to the powers and duties of the county council,

to provide small holdings for such persons:

Provided that, before exercising his powers under

this section, the Minister shall give to the county

council notice of his intention to do so and, if within

such period as may be specified in the notice the council

represent to him that in their opinion sufficient small

holdings have been provided to satisfy the demand

aforesaid, shall hold a local inquiry; and the county

council and such other persons as the person holding

the inquiry thinks fit to allow shall be entitled to

appear and be heard at the inquiry.

(2) The person appointed to hold a local inquiry for

the purpose of this section shall be a person to be agreed

upon between the Minister and the county council or, in

default of such agreement, a barrister of not less than

ten years’ standing to be nominated by the President of the Law Society, and, in relation to the inquiry, the person

so appointed shall be deemed for the purposes of section

fifty-seven of the Small Holdings and Allotments Act,

1908, to be an officer of the Ministry.

(3) Every county council shall furnish to the Minister such information as he may require for the

purposes of this section.

10. For the purpose of exercising the powers conferred on him by the foregoing provisions of this Part

of this Act, the Minister shall have the like powers as

may be exercised by a county council with respect to

small holdings under the Small Holdings and Allotments

Acts, and the provisions of those Acts relating to the

acquisition, use or disposal of land by a county council

and to small holdings provided by a county council

shall apply with the necessary adaptations to the acquisition, use and disposal of land by the Minister and to

small holdings provided by him under this Part of this Act, but subject to the modifications that the Minister

may sell, or let for other purposes any land acquired

by him for small holdings which is in his opinion not

needed for the purposes of small holdings, or exchange

any such land for land more suitable for small holdings,

and may pay or receive money for equality of exchange,

233

Part II.

— cant.

who have

not provided

sufficient

small holdings.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 36.

Application

of Small

Holdings

and Allotments Acts

to powers

of Minister

234

Part II.

— cont.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c 59.

Power to

arrange for

management

by local

authorities

of small

holdings and

allotments

provided by

Minister or

for the

transfer

thereof

to such

authorities.

Power of

county

councils to

provide

cottage

holdings.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

and paragraphs (b)and (c) of subsection (1) of section

twelve of the Land Settlement (Facilities) Act, 1919,

shall not apply with respect to any such land.

Provided that, if, after a local inquiry has been

held in accordance with the said provisions with respect

to any order whereby the Minister proposes to acquire

land compulsorily, any objection to the order which has

been presented is not withdrawn, the order shall not be

confirmed except by means of a provisional order made

by the Minister and confirmed by Parliament, and for

that purpose the Minister may submit a Bill to Parliament for the confirmation of any such provisional

order.

11. —(1) Any small holdings or allotments provided

by the Minister and any land acquired by him for the

purposes of small holdings or allotments in exercise of the powers conferred on him by this Part of this Act may,

by arrangement between him and the local authority,

be either—

(a) controlled and managed by the authority as

agents for the Minister; or

(b) transferred to the authority on such terms as

may be agreed between the Minister and the

authority and approved by the Treasury.

(2) Any small holdings, allotments, or land transferred to a local authority under this section shall be

deemed to have been acquired by the authority under the

Small Holdings and Allotments Acts.

(3) In this section the expression "local authority "

means in relation to a small holding or to land acquired

for a small holding, the council of the county, and, in

relation to any allotment or to land acquired for allotments, the council of the borough, urban district, or

parish or any county council acting in default of such a

council as aforesaid.

12. —(1) The power of county councils to provide

small holdings for persons who desire to buy or lease

them shall include power to provide a cottage holding

for any person who is, in the opinion of the council, a

suitable person and who satisfies them that—

" (a) he wall reside permanently in the dwelling-house

comprised in the holding; and

1931.

Agricultural Land

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Ch. 41.

235

(b) he has the intention, knowledge and capital to Part II.

cultivate satisfactorily the land forming part of — cont.

the, cottage holding,

and all the provisions of the Small Holdings and Allotments Acts with respect to small holdings shall apply to

cottage holdings accordingly but subject to the modification that section six of the Small Holdings and Allot- 16 & 17

ments Act, 1926, shall, in relation to any such holding, Geo. 5. c. 52

whether provided under this section or under the section

thereby repealed, have effect as if among the conditions

specified in subsection (1) of the said section six there

were included a condition that the owner or occupier, as

the case may be, shall reside permanently in the

dwelling-house comprised in the holding.

(2) Section twelve of the Small Holdings and

Allotments Act, 1926, is hereby repealed.

Allotments.

13. — (1) The Minister shall have power, without Power of

prejudice to the powers and duties of the council of any Minister to

borough, urban district, or parish, or of any county provide

council acting in default of such a council as aforesaid, to ^ot exceed

provide allotments not exceeding one acre in extent for j n(r one

unemployed persons, and for that purpose the Minister acre for

shall have the like powers as may be exercised by any such unemployed

council with respect to allotments under the Small Hold- persons,

ings and Allotments Acts, and the provisions of those Acts

relating to the acquisition, use or disposal of land by

any such council and to allotments provided by any such

council (except subsections (1) and (2) of section sixteen

of the Allotments Act, 1922, and section four of the 12 & 13

Allotments Act, 1925), shall apply with the necessary Geo. 5. c. 51.

adaptations to the acquisition, use and disposal of land by

the Minister and to allotments provided by him under eo - c - •

this section, but subject to the modifications that the Minister may sell or let for other purposes any land

acquired by him for allotments which is in his opinion not

needed for the purposes of allotments, or exchange any

such land for land more suitable for allotments, and may

pay or receive money for equality of exchange, and section

thirty-two of the Small Holdings and Allotments Act,

1908, and section eight of the Allotments Act, 1925, slufll

not apply with respect to any such land:

236

Part II.

— cont.

Power of

Minister to

defray losses

incurred by

local

authorities

in providing

allotment

gardens for

unemployed

persons.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931. ‘

Provided that, if, after a local inquiry has been

held in accordance with the said provisions with respect

to any order whereby the Minister proposes to acquire

land compulsorily, any objection to the order which has

been presented is not withdrawn, the order shall not be

confirmed except by means of a provisional order made

by the Minister and confirmed by Parliament, and for

that purpose the Minister may submit a Bill to Parliament for the confirmation of any such provisional order.

(2) The powers conferred on the Minister by the

last foregoing subsection shall include power to provide

allotment gardens for persons who are not in full-time

employment as well as for those who are wholly

unemployed.

(3) Where the Minister determines to exercise in

any borough, urban district, or parish the powers conferred by this section, he shall give notice of his

determination to the council thereof.

(4) Every such council as aforesaid shall furnish

to the Minister such information as he may require for

the purposes of this section.

(5) Any of the powers and duties conferred on the Minister by this section, except the power of acquiring

land or of disposing of it otherwise than for use as

allotments, may, by arrangement between him and the

council of any county, or of any borough, urban district

or parish, or with any society having as its object or one

of its objects the provision or the profitable working of

allotments, be exercised and performed by the council

or society as agents for the Minister.

14.—(1) Where it appears to the council of any

borough, urban district, or parish, or to any county

council acting in default of such a council as aforesaid,

that the provision of any allotment gardens required

for the purpose of their being let to unemployed persons,

or persons who are not in full time employment,

resident in the borough, district, or parish, who desire

to take them will entail a loss, the council may submit

their proposals to the Minister together with estimates

in the prescribed form of the expenses (whether on

capital or income account) in relation thereto likely

to be incurred by the council and of the sums likely

to be received by the council by way of rent or otherwise.

1931,

Agricultural Land

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Ch. 41.

237

(2) If the Minister approves the proposals and

estimates of the council, either without modifications or

with such modifications as he may require, the Minister

may, subject to such conditions as to records, certificates,

audit or otherwise, as 'with the approval of the Treasury

he may determine, undertake to defray in any year

the loss shown in the approved estimates as likely to

be incurred in that year by the council in providing

allotment gardens for such persons as aforesaid in

accordance with the proposals.

(3) Neither subsections (1) and (2) of section

sixteen of the Allotments Act, 1922, nor section four of the Allotments Act, 1925 (which impose limits on the

expenditure of councils on the provision of allotments)

shall apply to any expenses incurred in accordance with

proposals and estimates approved by the Minister under

this section.

(4) If proposals after having been approved by

the Minister under tins section are subsequently

varied without his consent, the Minister shall defray

only such part as he thinks fit of the annual loss aforesaid

and of any additional loss attributable to the variation.

(5) The Minister may, after the date of the commencement of this Act, approve proposals and estimates

submitted to him for the purposes of this section before

that date, but where the land to which any proposals relate

has been acquired before the first day of January,

nineteen hundred and thirty-one, or is after the commencement of this Act acquired without the consent of the Minister, this section shall apply with respect to such

expenses only as are incurred in equipping the land and

adapting it for allotment gardens for letting to unemployed persons or persons who are not in full time

employment.

(6) A council shall keep separate accounts with

respect to all their transactions under this section and

shall furnish to the Minister such information as he

may require as to such transactions.

(7) The Minister shall with the concurrence of the

Treasury make regulations for carrying this section

into effect.

Part II.

— c<mt.

238

Part II.

— cont.

Unemployed persons not to

vacate allotments on

obtaining

employment.

Power of

Minister to

make grants

for assisting

in the provision of

seeds, fertilisers and

equipment

for unemployed

persons.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Gf.o. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

15. Where an allotment has been let to an unemployed person or to a person not in full-time employment

in accordance with the provisions of either of the last

two foregoing sections, his tenancy of the allotment shall not be terminated without his consent on the ground only

that he has ceased to be an unemployed person or a

person not in full-time employment.

16. —(1) The Minister may, in accordance with

regulations made by him with the approval of the

Treasury, make grants or advances to any county council

or to the council of any borough, urban district or parish,

or to any society having as its object or one of its objects

the profitable working of allotments, for the purpose of

assisting the council or society in the provision of seeds,

fertilisers and equipment for unemployed persons or

persons who are not in full time employment for

whom allotments are provided; and the regulations

made under this section may, notwithstanding anything

in section twenty-one of the Land Settlement (Facilities) Act, 1919, provide for empowering any such

council, where necessary, to sell seeds, fertilisers or

equipment purchased with such assistance as aforesaid

and to allow the use of such equipment, at a price or

charge less than that sufficient to cover the cost of

purchase.

(2) The Minister may constitute a committee for

the purpose of advising him as to the exercise and

performance of his powers and duties under this section

and for the purpose of performing such other functions

in connection with those powers and duties as he may

direct, and the expenses of the committee (including the

remuneration of any officers of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries appointed to assist the committee)

shall, up to such amount as may be sanctioned by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury, be defrayed

as part of the expenses of the Minister under this Act.

(3) As respects any expenditure defrayed for the

purposes mentioned in this section before the date of the

commencement of this Act out of moneys provided by

Parliament and paid into the small holdings account

before that date, this section shall be deemed to have had

effect as from the seventeenth day of December, nineteen

hundred and thirty.

1931

Agricultural Land

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Cir. 41.

239

General.

17 . — (1)The amendments specified in the second

column of the Second Schedule to this Act (which relate

to matters of minor detail) shall be made in the enactments specified in the first column of that Schedule.

(2) The account opened by the Bank of England

under the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1907,

and continued under section fifty-one of the Small

Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908, shall be known as

" the Small Holdings and Allotments Account, " and

references in the Small Holdings and Allotments Acts,

1908 to 1926, to that account shall be construed

accordingly.

18 . All regulations made under this Part of this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as

soon as may be after they are made, and if either House

within twenty-one days during which that House has sat

next after any regulation is laid before it resolves that

the regulation be annulled, it shall thenceforth be of no

effect, but without prejudice to the validity of anything

previously done thereunder or to the making of any

new regulation.

19 . The provisions of sections five, six and seven

of this Act, and, so far as they confer power upon the Minister to provide allotments or to acquire land therefor, of section thirteen of this Act, shall have effect for

the period of eight years from the commencement of this Act and po longer:

Provided that the expiry of the said provisions shall

not—

(a) affect the previous operation thereof or of anything duly done or suffered thereunder; or

(b) affect any right, privilege, obligation or liability

acquired, accrued or incurred thereunder; or

(c) affect any legal proceeding, arbitration, remedy

or investigation in respect of such right, privilege, obligation or liability as aforesaid;

and any such legal proceeding, arbitration, remedy or

investigation may be instituted, enforced or continued as

if the provisions aforesaid had not expired.

Part II.

— conf.

Minor

amendments

of Small

Holdings

and Allotments Acts.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 54.

Provision

as to

regulations.

Duration of

powers of

Minister.

240

Part TI.

— ront.

Interpretation and

construction.

Compensation for

loss of

employment by

labourers.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

20.—(1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context

otherwise requires—

"Cottage holding" means a holding comprising

a dwelling-house, together with not less than

forty perches and not more than one acre of

agricultural land which can be cultivated by

the occupier of the dwelling-house and his

family;

" Small Holdings and Allotments Acts" means the

Small Holdings and Allotments Acts, 1908 to

1926, the Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1925, and

this Act;

" Society " includes any body of persons, whether

incorporated or unincorporated, and shall have

the same meaning in all the enactments with

which this Act is construed as one.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Part of this Act to any enactment or

to any provision of any enactment shall be construed as

references to that enactment or provision as amended

by any subsequent enactment, including this Part of this Act, and this Part of this Act shall, except so far

as it applies to Scotland, be construed as one with the

Small Holdings and Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1926, and

the Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1925.

Part III.

Supplementary.

21.—(1) Where a labourer who has been regularly

employed on any land acquired by the Minister under

this Act proves to the satisfaction of the Minister that

the effect of the acquisition was to deprive him of his

employment, and that there was no employment of an

equally beneficial character available to him in the

same locality, the Minister may pay to him such

compensation as the Minister thinks just for his loss of

employment or for his expenses in moving to another

locality, and any sum so paid shall be deemed to be

part of the expenses of the acquisition of the land.

1031. Agricultural Land Cn. 41. 241

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

(2) No compensation shall be payable under Part III.

section forty-three of the Small Holdings and Allotments —coat.

Act, 1908, or under the foregoing provisions of this

section, to any person for whom a small holding is

provided under Part II of this Act.

22.—(1) The Treasury may, subject to such condi- Financial

tions as they may determine, issue out of the Consolidated provisions.

Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce

thereof—

(a) such sums as may be required by the Minister for

the purchase of land acquired by him under

sections one and two of this Act and for such

other expenses under those sections as may be

agreed by the Treasury and the Minister to be

capital expenditure not exceeding, unless and

until Parliament otherwise determines, five

million pounds;

(b) such sums as may be required by the Department

of Agriculture for Scotland for the purchase of

land acquired by them under sections one and

two of this Act and for such other expenses

under those sections as may be agreed by the

Treasury and the said Department to be capital

expenditure not exceeding, unless and until

Parliament otherwise determines, seven hundred

thousand pounds;

(c) such sums as may be required by the Minister

for the purchase of land or the erection of

buildings for the provision of small holdings and

for such other expenses in connection with the

provision of small holdings as may be agreed

by the Treasury and the Minister to be capital

expenditure;

(d) such sums as may be required by the Department

of Agriculture for .Scotland for the purchase of

land or the erection of buildings for the provision

of holdings for unemployed persons and for

such other expenses in connection with such

provision as may be agreed by the Treasury

and the said Department to be capital expenditure.

Q

242

Ch. 41.

Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Part III. (2) The Treasury, may if they think fit, for the

cont. purpose of providing money for sums so authorised to

be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or, for repaying

to that fund all or any part of the sums so issued, borrow

by means of terminable annuities for a term not exceeding

twenty years, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into

the Exchequer.

(3) The said annuities shall, to such extent as the

Treasury may direct, be defrayed out of the Small

Holdings and Allotments Account or the Agriculture

(Scotland) Fund as the case may be, and in so far as not

so defrayed, shall be paid out of moneys provided by

Parliament for the service of the Ministry of Agriculture

and Fisheries, or for the service of the Department of

Agriculture for Scotland, as the case may be, and if those

moneys are insufficient shall be charged on and paid out

of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof.

(4) All sums received by the Minister in the exercise

and performance of his powers and duties under the

provisions of this Act relating to small holdings, other

than demonstration holdings, and to allotments shall be

paid into the Small Holdings and Allotments Account,

and all expenditure so incurred by him shall be defrayed

out of that account; and all sums received by the Department of Agriculture for Scotland in the exercise and

performance of their powers and duties under this Act

shall be paid into the Agriculture (Scotland) Fund,

1 & 2 Geo. 5. constituted under section five of the Small Landholders

c. 49. (Scotland) Act, 1911, and all expenditure so incurred by

the Department shall be defrayed out of that fund.

(5) Any deficiency in the Small Holdings and

Allotments Account or in the Agriculture (Scotland)

Fund arising by reason of the last foregoing subsection,

and any expenses incurred by the Minister, or by the

Department of Agriculture for Scotland, or by the Minister of Labour, in the exercise and performance of

their powers and duties under this Act, not provided for

under the foregoing provisions of this section, shall,

to such extent as may be sanctioned by the Treasury,

be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(6) Any sums received by the Minister, the Department of Agriculture for Scotland, or the Treasury by

reason of the exercise of powers in respect of which the

1931.

Agricultural Land

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Ch. 41.

243

Treasury have borrowed moneys under this section shall. Tart III.

so far as they are of a capital nature, be applied in repay- — cont.

ment of th$ moneys so borrowed.

23 . The powers of the Minister under sections one, Treasury

two, ten and thirteen of this Act shall be exercised coneur-

in accordance with such conditions as may, after con- rence -

sultation with the Minister, be prescribed by the Treasury.

24 . In the application of this Act to Scotland the Application

following provisions shall have effect:— to Scotland.

(a) Except for the purposes of section twenty-two

a reference to the Minister or to the Ministry of

Agriculture and Fisheries shall be construed as

a reference to the Department of Agriculture

for Scotland (hereinafter in this section referred

to as the Department) provided that any

reference to the Minister in the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act regarding the

making and submission to Parliament of Provisional Orders shall be construed as a reference

to the Secretary of State; a reference to the

council of a borough, urban district, or parish,

shall be construed as a reference to a town or

a district council, and a reference to a borough,

urban district, or parish, shall be construed

accordingly; any reference in Part II of this Act to a county council shall not apply, and

the expression "easement" means servitude,

and any reference to selling includes a reference

to feuing.

(b) References to sections sixteen, seventeen,

eighteen, eighty-five, ninety-two, one hundred

and twenty-three, one hundred and twenty-

seven, one hundred and thirty-three, one

hundred and fifty and one hundred and fifty-

one of the Lands Clauses (Consolidation) Act,

1845, shall be construed respectively as references

to sections fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighty-

four, ninety, one hundred and sixteen, one

hundred and twenty, one hundred and twenty-

seven, one hundred and forty-two, and one

hundred and forty-three of the Lands Clauses 8 & 9 Vict.

(Consolidation) (Scotland) Act, 1845. c. 19.

244

Part III.

— cant.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 52.

55 & 56 Vict

c. 54.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 5.

9 & 10

Geo.5. c. 97.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

(c) For any reference to the Small Holdings and

Allotments Acts there shall be substituted a

reference to the Allotments (Scotland) Acts,

1892 to 1926; for any reference to section sixteen of the Allotments Act, 1922, there shall be

substituted a reference to section sixteen of the Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1922; for any

reference to section thirty-two of the Small

Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908, there shall

be substituted a reference to section eleven of the Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892; for any

reference to section four of the Allotments Act,

1925, there shall be substituted a reference to

section one of the Allotments (Scotland) Act,

1926, and any reference to section eight of the

said Act of 1925 shall not apply; and for any

references to section twenty-one of the Land

Settlement (Facilities) Act, 1919, there shall

be substituted a reference to section twenty-two

of the Land Settlement (Scotland) Act, 1919.

(d) Section one of this Act shall apply as if the

reference to local authorities were omitted.

(e) The powers conferred by section two in regard

to the acquisition of land shall, notwithstanding

anything in the proviso to subsection (1) of

that section, be without prejudice to the power

of the Department under any Act for the time

being in force to acquire land compulsorily for

reclamation or drainage, and any land acquired

under the last mentioned power shall be deemed

to have been acquired under the said section

two, and in the application of the said section

the expression "owner " in the case of land

held under an entail means the institute or

heir of entail in possession, in the case of land

subject to a life rent, means the liferenter and

in any other case means the person entitled to

the fee; the expression "agricultural buildings "

means buildings which are included in any

agricultural land and heritages as defined in the

Hating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act,

1928; the chairman of the Scottish Committee

of the Chartered Surveyors’ Institution shall be

substituted for the President of the Chartered

1931. Agricultural Land Ch. 41. 245

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Surveyors’ Institution, and any reference to Part III.

consultation with the council of the county shall — cont.

omitted.

(f) Subsections (1) and (4) of section five and section

six of this Act shall not apply, but the Department

shall have power to provide, in accordance with

the provisions of the Small Holding Colonies .

Acts, 1916 and 1918, or of the Small Landholders

(Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1919, either on land

belonging to the Department or on land

belonging to another person with the consent of that person, a holding for an unemployed

person within the meaning of the said subsection (1) or for an agricultural worker, or for

a person who, being or having been a member

of His Majesty’s Forces, has had a suitable

course of training for agriculture, notwithstanding that such unemployed person, agricultural worker or other person would be unable

to cultivate the holding unless the facilities set

forth in subsection (2) of the said section five

were extended to him.

(g) Subsections (2), (3) and (5) of section five of this Act shall have effect as if for any reference to

the provision under the powers conferred by that

section of a small holding for an unemployed

person, there were substituted a reference to the

provision under the power conferred by the

immediately preceding paragraph of a holding

for an unemployed person or an agricultural

worker, or a person who, being or having been

a member of His Majesty’s Forces, has had a

suitable course of training for agriculture, and

any reference to the said section five shall

include a reference to the immediately preceding paragraph.

(h) Subsection (3) of section sixteen of this Act shall

apply with the substitution of a reference to the

Agriculture (Scotland) Fund for any reference to

the small holdings account.

(i) Section one of the Land Settlement (Scotland)

Act, 1919, which relates to the compulsory

240

Part III.

— cont.

Short title,

citation and

extent.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931. '

acquisition of land for the purposes of the 11

Small Holding Colonies Acts, 1916 and 1918,

shall have effect as if the limitation of the

period, during which the powers thereby conferred may be exercised, were omitted, and any

provision in any Act in force at the passing of this Act which limits the period for which that

section is to remain in operation shall cease to

have effect.

(j) Subsection (3) of section eighteen of the Land

Settlement (Scotland) Act, 1919, shall have effect

as if for the purpose therein specified there were

substituted the following purposes :—

(i) the provision of allotments or allotment

gardens and the purchase or leasing and

equipment of land therefor;

(ii) the making of grants or loans to local

authorities or to societies or associations

having as their object or one of their objects

the provision of allotments or allotment

gardens in aid of expenditure by such authorities, societies, or associations in connection

with the provision of allotments or allotment

gardens.

(k) Subsections (8) and (9) of section two and sections

seven, eight, nine, ten, twelve, and seventeen,

and section eleven in so far as it relates to small

holdings, and paragraph (c) of Part I of the

First Schedule shall not apply.

25 . — (1)This Act may be cited as the Agricultural

Land (Utilisation) Act, 1931, and Part II of this Act

and the Small Holdings and Allotments Acts, 1908 to

1926, may be cited as the Small Holdings and Allotments

Acts, 1908 to 1931, and so much of the said Part II as

relates to allotments and the Allotments Acts, 1908 to

1925, may be cited as the Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1931.

Agricultural Land

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Ch. 41.

247

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Modifications of Lands Clauses Acts.

The modifications subject to which the Lands Clauses Acts

are incorporated in Part I of this Act are as follows:—

(a) the bond required by section eighty-five of the Lands

Clauses (Consolidation) Act, 1845, shall be under the seal

of the Minister and shall be sufficient without sureties.

(b) In lieu of section ninety-two of the Lands Clauses (Consolidation) Act, 1845, the following provisions shall

have effect—

No person shall be required to sell any land which

forms part of any park, garden, or pleasure ground

attached to and usually occupied with a dwelling-

house or forms part of the home farm usually occupied

with a mansion house, if he is willing and able to sell

the whole of the park, garden, pleasure ground or

home farm with the dwelling-house or mansion house;

and no person shall be required to sell a part only of

any house or building, if he is willing and able to sell

the whole of the house or building, unless the arbitrator determines that such part of the house or

building as is proposed to be taken can be taken

without material detriment to the house or building;

and, if he so determines, he may award compensation

in respect of the severance of the part so proposed

to be taken, in addition to the value of that part,

and thereupon the person interested shall be required

to sell to the Minister that part of the house or

building; and

(c) where any land compulsorily acquired is glebe land or

other land belonging to an ecclesiastical benefice, any sums

agreed upon or awarded for the purchase of the land,

or to be paid by way of compensation for damage

to be sustained by the owner by reason of severance or

injury affecting the land, shall not be paid as directed

by the Lands Clauses Acts, but shall be paid to the

Sections 3

and 24.

248

Ch. 41.

Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931. '

1st Sch.

— cont.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners, to be applied by them

as money paid to them upon a sale, under the provisions

of the Ecclesiastical Leasing Acts, of land belonging to a

benefice.

Part II.

Provisions to be complied with by Minister before

giving Notice in accordance with 8 & 9 Vict.

c. 18. s. 18.

1. Before giving notice in accordance with section eighteen

of the Lands Clauses (Consolidation) Act, 1845, of his intention

to acquire any land otherwise than by agreement, the Minister

shall (save as in this Act otherwise expressly provided)—

(a) publish in one or more newspapers circulating within

the district in which the land is situated a notice stating

the fact that he intends to acquire the land compulsorily

and describing by reference to a map the area proposed

to be acquired and naming the place where a copy of the map may be seen at all reasonable hours; and

(b) serve on every owner, lessee and occupier (except tenants

for one, or a less period than one, month) of the land

a notice stating that he intends to acquire the land

compulsorily and specifying the time within and the

manner in which objections to the compulsory acquisition

thereof can be made.

2. If no objection is duly made by any of the persons upon

whom notices are required to be served, or if all objections so made

are withdrawn, the Minister may serve notice to treat in accordance

with the said section eighteen and proceed to acquire the land

accordingly, but, in any other case, he shall not acquire the land

compulsorily unless authorised to do so by means of a Provisional

Order made by him and confirmed by Parliament, and for that

purpose the Minister may submit a Bill to Parliament for the

confirmation of any such Provisional Order:

Provided that the Minister may require any person who has

made an objection to state in writing the grounds thereof, and

if he is of opinion that every objection duly made relates exclusively to matters which can be dealt with by the arbitrator

by whom the compensation is to be assessed, he may refer the

objections to such one of the panel of official arbitrators appointed

under the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation)

Act, 1919, as may be selected by rules made by the reference

committee under that Act, and if that arbitrator agrees that no

objection relates to any matter which cannot be so dealt with

as aforesaid, all such objections shall be deemed for the purposes

of this paragraph to have been withdrawn.

1031.

Agricultural Land

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Ch. 41.

249

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 17.

Minor Amendments of Smarl Holdings and

Allotments Acts.

Enactment to be

amended. Amendment.

Die Small Holdings

and Allotments Act,

1908:

Section 52 - - After the words "the purchase of land "

in both places where those words occur

there shall be inserted the words "or

" the defraying of the expenses of

" borrowing for that purpose."

Section 01 - - After the word "council, " where that

word occurs for the second time, there

shall be inserted the words "and the

" expression ‘ council of a county, ’ "

The Allotments Act,

1925:

Section 8 - - After the word "purchased " there

shall be inserted the words "or

" appropriated, " and after the word

" consent, " where that word occurs

for the second time, there shall be

inserted the words "may be given

" unconditionally or subject to such

" conditions as the Minister thinks fit,

" but "

The Small Holdings

and Allotments Act,

1926:

Section 2 - - In subsection (2) of the section, for the

words " moneys provided by Parliament " there shall, as from the first

day of April, nineteen hundred and

thirty-one, be substituted the words

" Small Holdings and Allotments

Account, " and at the end of the

section there shall be inserted the

following subsections :—

" (7) Land in respect of which a

" contribution has been made or

250

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Ch. 41. Agricultural Land 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Utilisation) Act, 1931.

Enactment to be

amended.

The Small Holdings

and Allotments Act,

1926.

Section 2— cont.

Section 13

Section 14 -

Amendment.

" undertaken to be made by the

" Minister under this section shall

" notbesold, mortgaged, exchanged,

" let, or appropriated, for any pur-

" pose other than the provision of

" small holdings except with the

" consent of the Minister, who may

" give such consent either uncon -

" ditionally or subject to such con-

" ditions as he thinks fit."

" (8) Where the Minister is satis-

" fied that a council has reason-

" ably incurred expenses in con-

" nection with the preparation of

" proposals or estimates with a

" view to the submission thereof to

" the Minister under this section

" he may if he thinks fit, notwith-

" standing that the proposals or

" estimates are not submitted to

" him or if submitted are not

" approved by him, make contribu-

" tions towards the expenses so

‘ ‘ incurred, in the like manner and to

" the like extent as if the expenses

" bad been a loss shown in approved

" estimates."

After the word "repayable " there shall

be inserted the words "with interest

" at such rate as may be agreed

" between the council and the pur-

" chaser "

After the words "provided by " in both

places where these words occur there

shall be inserted the words ", or

" purchased with the assistance of, "

utu.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

251

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to enable schemes to be made for regulating the marketing of agricultural products;

to confer powers upon boards and other bodies

to be constituted in connection with, or acting

for purposes connected with, such schemes; to

establish agricultural marketing funds for the

purpose of making loans thereout to the boards

aforesaid; to encourage agricultural co-operation, research and education; and to provide for

purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Agricultural Marketing Schemes.

1.—(1) A scheme regulating the marketing of an

agricultural product by the producers thereof may be

submitted to the Minister in accordance with Part I

of the First Schedule to this Act, and the Minister

may, subject to the provisions of this section, approve

the scheme.

(2) A scheme submitted and approved as aforesaid

may be applicable to Great Britain or to any part

thereof.

(3) Before approving a scheme, the Minister shall

cause to be published, in the Gazette and in such other

manner as he thinks best for informing persons affected,

notice of the submission of the scheme, of the place

where copies thereof may be obtained (on payment of

such fee as may be prescribed by the notice) and inspected,

and of the time (which shall not be less than six weeks

after such publication in the Gazette) within which

objections and representations with respect to the

scheme may be made. 1

Submission

and approval of

schemes.

Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

(4) Every objection must be sent to the Minister

in writing and must state the grounds of objection and

the specific modifications required.

(5) The Minister, after considering any scheme duly

submitted to him and any objections and representations

duly made with respect thereto and after holding such

inquiries (if any) as he thinks fit, may make such modifications in the scheme as he thinks proper:

Provided that—

(a) where an objection has been duly made to the

scheme by any person affected thereby and

has not been withdrawn, the Minister, unless

he considers the objection to be frivolous, or

unless he has modified the scheme as required

by the objection, shall, before taking any

further action under this section, direct a

public inquiry to be held as hereinafter provided

and consider the report of the person who held

the inquiry; and

(b) no scheme shall be modified so as to be

applicable to any area to which it would not

have been applicable without modification; and

(c) before making any modifications, the Minister

shall give notice of the proposed modifications

to such persons (not being less than nine or

more than twenty-one) as may be nominated for

the purpose, at the time of the submission of the

scheme, by the persons submitting the scheme,

and unless, within four weeks after notice has

been so given or such longer time as the Minister

may allow, more than half the persons so nominated notify the Minister that they assent to the

modifications, the Minister shall take no further

action under this section.

(6) Any inquiry under this section shall be held in

accordance with rules made by the Minister for the

purpose by a competent and impartial person appointed

by the Minister, and those rules may contain provisions

as to the costs of the inquiry, and such expenses of

any such inquiry as may be incurred by the Minister

With the approval of the Treasury shall be defrayed out

of moneys provided by Parliament.

1931.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

253

(7) Any rules made by the Minister under the

last foregoing subsection shall, as soon as may be after

they are made, be laid before each House of Parliament,

and if either House, within the next subsequent twenty-

eight days on which that House has sat after any such

rules are laid before it, resolves that the rules be annulled,

the rules shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice

to anything previously done thereunder or to the making

of new rules.

(8) If the Minister, after making such modifications

(if any) as aforesaid, is satisfied that the scheme will

conduce to the more efficient production and marketing

of the regulated product, he may, after consultation

with the Board of Trade, lay before each House of

Parliament a draft of the scheme, and if each House

resolves that the scheme shall be approved, the Minister

shall make an order approving the scheme in terms of the draft, and the scheme shall (subject to the provisions of this Act) come into force on such date after

the date of the passing of the last of such resolutions

of approval as may be specified in the order, and the

making of the order shall be conclusive evidence

that the requirements of this Act have been complied

with and that the order and the scheme approved

thereby have been duly made and approved and are

within the powers conferred by this Act.

(9) The Minister, on laying before either House of

Parliament a draft of a scheme under the last foregoing

subsection, shall at the same time—

(a) in a case where the scheme is not a substitutional scheme, lay before that House a report

as to the evidence by which he has been satisfied

for the purpose of Part I of the First Schedule

to this Act that the persons submitting the

scheme were duly representative; or

(b) in a case where the scheme is a substitutional

scheme, lay before that House a report showing

that the provisions of the proviso to Part I of

that Schedule have been complied with.

(10) As soon as possible after making an order

approving a scheme the Minister shall cause the order

to be published in the Gazette, and in such other mannel

as he thinks best for informing persons affected.

254

Ch. 42.

Constitution

of boards 1o

administer

schemes.

Poll on

question

whether

scheme to

remain in

force.

Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

(11) A scheme may be amended or revoked in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the First Schedule

to this Act.

2. —(1) Every scheme shall provide for the registration of any producer who makes application for that

purpose, and shall constitute a board to administer the

scheme, which shall (subject to the provisions of the

scheme as to the filling of casual vacancies) be composed

of representatives of registered producers elected by

them in such manner as may be provided by the scheme:

Provided that, during such period (not being longer

than twelve months after the scheme comes into force)

as may be specified in the scheme, the board shall, subject

as aforesaid, be composed of persons named in the

scheme and, except in the case of a substitutional

scheme, two persons nominated by the Minister after

consultation with the persons who submitted the scheme.

(2) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall apply with respect to the incorporation, registration and winding up of any such board.

3. —(1) Every scheme except a substitutional scheme

shall require a poll of the registered producers to be

taken, within such time as may be specified in the

scheme, on the question whether the scheme shall

remain in force.

(2) If the poll aforesaid shows that there have voted

in favour of the scheme remaining in force—

(a) not less than two-thirds of the total number of

registered producers voting on the poll; and

(b) registered producers who are capable of producing

not less than two-thirds of the quantity of the

regulated product which all the registered

producers voting on the poll are capable of

producing;

the provisions of the scheme, the operation of which is

suspended (under the provisions hereafter contained in

this Act) until the expiration of the suspensory period,

shall come into force at the expiration of that period,

but in any other case the scheme shall cease to have

Effect at the date on which the result of the poll is

declared, and the provisions of paragraphs 7 and 8 of

1931. Agricultural Marketing Ch. 42.

Act, 1931.

•Part II of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply

as if the scheme had been revoked:

Providod that, if it is proved to the satisfaction

of the Minister at any time before the expiration of the

suspensory period that the number of producers voting

on the poll was less than half the total number of

producers (excluding producers exempted, or entitled

to exemption, from registration by or under the provisions of the scheme) he shall forthwith by order revoke

the scheme.

(3) Every scheme shall provide for the manner in

which polls are to be taken for the purposes of this Act,

and in particular but without prejudice to the generality

of the foregoing provision—

(a) may apply with any necessary modifications any

enactments (including the penal provisions

thereof) relating to parliamentary or local

government elections and to the prevention of

corrupt and illegal practices thereat;

(b) may prescribe the manner in which the quantity

of the regulated product which any registered

producer is capable of producing is to be

determined for the purposes of the poll;

(c) may prescribe the information relating to the

regulated product, which is to be furnished by

every registered producer before or at the time

of voting, and the manner in which the information is to be furnished, and may require the

rejection of the vote of any producer who fails

to furnish the prescribed information in the

prescribed manner, and may impose penalties

for furnishing false information;

(d) shall prescribe the manner in which the result

of the poll is to be declared and published.

(4) In the case of a scheme regulating the marketing

of two or more separate products, this section shall apply

subject to the following modifications, that is to say:—

(a) references to a poll on the question whether the

scheme shall remain in force shall be construed

as references to a poll, in respect of each product,

on the question whether the scheme shall remifin

in force so far as it applies to that product;

250

Ch. 42.

Information

to be furnished for

purposes of

register.

Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

(b) subsection (2) shall apply, in relation to each *

poll, as if the provisions of the scheme, so far as

they apply to the product in respect of which the

poll is taken, were a separate scheme.

The question whether any product is to be treated

as a separate product for the purpose of this subsection

shall be determined by the provisions of the scheme.

(5) For the purposes of subsections (1) and (2) of this section, a person, who is registered as a producer

notwithstanding that he has been exempted from registration by or under the provisions of the scheme,

shall not be deemed to be a registered producer.

4.—(1) As soon as practicable after any scheme

(other than a substitutional scheme) comes into force the

board shall cause to be published in such newspapers

as the Minister may direct, being newspapers circulating

within the area to which the scheme is applicable, a form

of application for registration as a producer under the

scheme, together with a notice stating—

(a) the nature of the regulated product and the area

to which the scheme is applicable;

(6) the classes or descriptions of producers which are

exempted from registration and the procedure

required (if any) for securing such exemption;

(c) that a poll of registered producers (other than

producers exempted from registration) is to

be taken in pursuance of this Act on the question

whether the scheme shall remain in force;

(d) that no person will be entitled to vote on the

poll aforesaid unless he is registered within the

time specified in the notice, but that no person

so registered will, if it is decided as the result

of the poll that the scheme shall not remain in

force, incur any financial liability by reason of

his registration;

(e) that, if it is decided as a result of the poll that

the scheme shall remain in force, every producer

who is not registered or exempted from registra-

> tion will be prohibited from selling the regulated

product;

1931.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

2.37

(f) the place where copies of the scheme may be

obtained on payment therefor;

(g) such other particulars as the board may think

fit.

(2) The [Minister, as soon as practicable after any

scheme approved by him (other than a substitutional

scheme) comes into force—

(a) shall cause a list to be compiled containing the

names of all such persons as he has reason to

believe are producers, together with their respective addresses so far as known to him, and

forward a copy of the list to the board; or

(b) if it appears to him that he has so little information at his disposal that the list aforesaid

would serve no useful purpose, shall inform the

board accordingly.

(3) [Notwithstanding anything in the Agricultural

Returns Act, 1925, any returns made under that Act may

be used for the purpose of compiling the list aforesaid.

(4) As soon as practicable after receiving such a

list as aforesaid the hoard shall send by post to every

person named in the fist, and to every other person who

the board have reason to believe is a producer, being a

person who is not registered as a producer, a notice

addressed to him at his last known address, stating the

particulars required to be stated in the notice published

under subsection (1) of this section, together with a form

of application for registration.

5. Subject to the approval of the Minister, a

scheme may provide for all or any of the matters

set out in one or more of the following paragraphs, that

is to say :—

(a) for empowering the board to buy the regulated

product, to produce such commodities from that

product as may be specified in the scheme, and

to sell, grade, pack, store, adapt for sale, insure,

advertise and transport the regulated product

and any commodity so produced by the board;

(b) for requiring registered producers to sell the

regulated product or any kind, variety or grade

thereof, or such quantity thereof or of any

kind, variety or grade thereof as may from

R

]') & 16

Geo. 5. c. 39.

Regulation

of marketing and

encouragement of co-operation,

education

and research.

258 Cn. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

time to time be determined by the board, onl>

to, or through the agency of, the board;

(c) for empowering the board to buy, and to sell or

let for hire to registered producers, anything

required for the production, adaptation for sale,

or sale of the regulated product;

(d) for empowering the board to co-operate with any other person in doing anything which the

board are or might be empowered to do by

virtue of paragraph (a) or paragraph (c) of this

section;

(e) for empowering the board to regulate sales of the regulated product by any registered producer by determining for such period as may

be fixed by the board on the occasion of each

determination—

(i) the kind, variety or grade of the

product which may be sold;

(ii) the price at, below or above which,

the terms on which, and the persons to, or

through the agency of, whom, the product

or any kind, variety, grade or quantity thereof

may be sold;

(f) for regulating the manner in which the regulated product or any kind, variety or quantity

thereof is to be graded by or on behalf of

registered producers, or the manner in which

the regulated product or any kind, variety, grade

or quantity thereof is to be marked, packed,

stored, adapted for sale, insured, advertised or

transported by or on behalf of registered

producers;

(g) for empowering any person authorised in

writing by the board, for the purpose of

seeming compliance with the scheme, to

enter and inspect, at any reasonable time and

on production of his authority, any part of the

land or premises occupied by any registered

producer (being a producer specified in the

authority) which the person so authorised has

reason to believe is used for producing the

regulated product or for doing any of the

following things which is regulated by the

scheme, that is to say, grading, marking,

1931.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

259

packing, or storing the regulated product or

adapting it for sale;

(h) for requiring registered producers to furnish to

the board such estimates, returns, accounts

and other information relating to the regulated

product as the board consider necessary for the

operation of the scheme;

(i) for enabling the board to encourage agricultural

co-operation, research and education:

Provided that, except in the case of a substitutional

scheme, the operation of all the provisions of a scheme

made in pursuance of this section shall be suspended

until the expiration of the suspensory period.

6.—(1) Every scheme shall provide for the following Miscel-

matters, that is to say:— lanoous

(a) for requiring that no sale of the regulated product

shall be made by any producer who is not either

a registered producer or a person exempted

from registration by or under the provisions of the scheme;

(b) for exempting from all or any of the provisions

of the scheme producers and sales of such

classes or descriptions as may be specified in

the scheme or determined by the board;

(c) for requiring the board to impose on, and recover

from, any registered producer who contravenes

any provision of the scheme made in pursuance

of the last foregoing section, such monetary

penalties as may be specified by the scheme,

so however that no such penalty shall be

imposed in respect of a contravention of the

scheme which constitutes an offence under any

other Act;

(d) for securing that any producer who is aggrieved

by any act or omission of the board may

refer the matter to one or more arbitrators

appointed in such manner as may be provided

by the scheme, and for the maimer in which any

such reference is to be heard and determined;

(e) for requiring the register of producers to be

open for inspection at such times as may be

specified by the scheme, and for requiring the

board to furnish a copy of the register or any

part thereof to any person demanding it, on

2(30

Ch. 42.

Financial

powers and

duties of

boards.

Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

payment of such fee as may be specified by

the scheme;

(f) for the additional matters set out'in the Third

Schedule to this Act:

Provided that, except in the case of a substitutional

scheme, the operation of the provisions of a scheme

made in pursuance of paragraphs (a) and (c) of this

subsection shall be suspended until the expiration of the suspensory period.

(2) Every scheme may further provide for such

matters as are incidental to or consequential on the

provisions of this Act relating to the contents of schemes

or are necessary for giving effect to those provisions:

Provided that no provision of a scheme made in

pursuance of this subsection shall be deemed to empower

the board to establish any market or slaughter-house,

unless that provision in terms confers on the board a

specific power to establish markets or slaughter-houses,

as the case may be.

(3) Any producer who sells the regulated product in

contravention of the provisions of a scheme made in

pursuance of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this

section shall for each offence be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds or on

conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding two

hundred pounds, and in either case to an additional fine

not exceeding half the price at which the product was

sold:

Provided that the fines imposed on summary

conviction for any offence under this subsection shall not exceed in the aggregate one hundred pounds.

(4) Where any court imposes a fine for an offence

under the last preceding subsection, the court may, if it

thinks fit, having regard to the prejudicial effect which

the commission of the offence has had or is likely to

have on the operation of the scheme, direct the whole

or any part of the fine to be paid to the board.

7.—(1) Every scheme shall provide for the following

matters, that is to say :—

(a) for the establishment of a fund (hereafter in this

section referred to as " the fund ") to be administered and controlled by the board, for the

payment into the fund of all moneys received

1931.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Cit. 42.

2(»1

by the board, and for the payment out of the

fund of any moneys required by the board for

the, operation of the scheme;

(6) for enabling the board to recover from every

registered producer contributions to the fund

of such amounts as may be necessary for the

operation of the scheme, and for the assessment

of the contributions of each producer in such

manner and subject to such limitations as may

be provided by the scheme;

(c) for requiring the board to pay out of the fund

such sums by way of compensation as may

be necessary for securing that the provisions of the scheme operate equitably as between all

registered producers, and for the distribution

to registered producers, in proportion to their

respective contributions to the fund, of all

moneys standing to the credit of the fund which

are not required for the operation of the

scheme;

(d) for empowering the board to borrow money for

the purpose of exercising their functions under

the scheme.

(2) Any scheme may empower the board—

(a) to lend to any registered producer a portion

of the amount which the board estimate

that he will receive from the sale of any

quantity of the regulated product produced

or in course of production by him;

(b) to guarantee payment of any sums secured by

an agricultural charge created by a registered

producer under Part II of the Agricultural 18 & 19

Credits Act, 1928. Geo - 5 - c 43 '

(3) The operation of the provisions of a scheme

made in pursuance of paragraphs (b)and (c) of subsection (1) or in pursuance of subsection (2) of this

section shall, except in the case of a substitutional

scheme, be suspended until the expiration of the

suspensory period.

(4) A debenture issued by the board may create in

favour of a bank a floating charge on any farming stock

in England the property in which is vested in the

board, and any such charge shall be registered in like

2G2 Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

manner as an agricultural charge under Part II of th6

Agricultural Credits Act, 1928, and section nine of that

Act shall apply to such a charge in like planner as it

applies to an agricultural charge, and the charge, if so

registered, shall, as respects such property, be valid notwithstanding any tiling in the Bills of Sale Acts, 1878

and 1882, and shall not be deemed to be a bill of sale

within the meaning of those Acts.

In this subsection the expressions " bank " and

" farming stock " have the same meanings respectively

as in Part II of the Agricultural Credits Act, 1928.

Effect of 8.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, a contract

schemes on c f which neither the making nor the performance was,

contracts. ^he time when the contract was made, prohibited

by or under any scheme in force under this Act, shall

not, unless the terms of the contract otherwise provide,

be void or unenforceable by reason that, at the time

for the performance of any provision of the contract, the

performance thereof is so prohibited:

Provided that, where the performance of any such

contract made during the relevant period is prohibited

by or under any such scheme, the foregoing provision

shall cease to apply to that contract upon the expiration

of three months after the prohibition first takes effect,

unless the contract is registered under this section.

For the purposes of this subsection, the expression

" the relevant period ", in relation to a scheme, means a

period beginning twelve months before the date when

notice of the submission of the scheme was published

in the Gazette and ending six months after the expiration

of the suspensory period, or, in the case of a substitutional scheme, ending six months after the date when

the scheme comes into force.

(2) It shall be the duty of the board, on the application of any party to a contract, to register the contract

within the period of fourteen days after the application,

unless the board are of opinion that the contract was

made with a view to evading the operation of the

scheme, and if any party to a contract is aggrieved by

the omission of a board to register the contract within

the period aforesaid, he may, within twenty-one days after

the expiration of that period, appeal to the Court, and,

1931. Agricultural Marketing Ch. 42. 203

Act, 1931.

•pending the determination of any such appeal, subsection (1) of this section shall, notwithstanding anything in th§ proviso thereto, continue to apply to the

contract.

(3) On any appeal under this section, the board

concerned and any party to the contract may appear

and be heard, and if, on the hearing of any such appeal,

the contract is found by the Court not to have been

made with a view to evading the operation of the

scheme, the Court shall by order direct the registration

thereof, and thereupon the contract shall be deemed to

have been registered as from tho date of the order;

but, where the Court does not direct the registration

of a contract, any party to the contract certified by

the Court to have entered into the contract bona fide

without a view to the evasion of the operation of the scheme may recover the amount of any damage

suffered by him by reason of the avoidance of the

contract from any party certified by the Court to have

entered into the contract with a view to such evasion

as aforesaid.

(4) For the purposes of an appeal under this section

with respect to any contract, the Court shall be any

county court within the district of which any party

to the contract has dwelt or carried on business at any

time during the period within which the appeal may

be brought:

Provided that—

(a) if, before proceedings in respect of any such

appeal are commenced in the county court,

the board and all parties to the contract

agree that the appeal should be heard by

the High Court, the High Court shall be

the Court for the purposes of the appeal;

and

(b) section one hundred and twenty-six of the

County Courts Act, 1888, (which provides 51 & 52 Vict,

for the removal of matters from the county o. 43.

court to the High Court) shall apply with

respect to any appeal under this section

as if the appeal were a matter commenced

in the county court under that Act.

(5) No person shall be liable to any penalty in respect

of a contravention of any scheme in force under this

2f4

Ch. 42.

Consumers ’

committees

and committees of

investigation.

Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

Act, if he proves that the contravention was necessary fc

for the performance of a contract which, by reason of the foregoing provisions of this section, was .not., at the

time of the contravention, void or unenforceable.

9.—(1) The Minister shall appoint two committees

(hereinafter in this Act referred to as " a consumers ’

committee " and " a committee of investigation ") for

Great Britain, England and Scotland respectively:

Provided that no such committee shall be appointed

for Great Britain unless a scheme applicable both in

England and in Scotland remains in force after the

expiration of the suspensory period, and no such committee shall be appointed for England or Scotland

unless a scheme applicable in England or Scotland,

as the case may be, remains in force after the expiration

of the suspensory period.

(2) A consumers’ committee shall—•

(a) consist of a chairman and of not less than six

other members, who shall be such persons as

appear to the Minister, after consultation

with the Board of Trade and, as to one

member, with the Co-operative Union, to

represent the interests of the consumers of

all the products the marketing of which

is for the time being regulated by schemes

approved by the Minister; and

(b) be charged with the duty of considering and

reporting to the Minister on—

(i) the effect of any scheme approved by

the Minister, which is for the time being

in force, on consumers of the regulated

product; and

(ii) any complaints made to the committee as to the effect of any such scheme

on consumers of the regulated product.

(3) A committee of investigation shall—

(a) consist of a chairman and four other

members; and

(b) be charged with the duty, if the Minister in

any case so directs, of considering, and

reporting to the Minister on, any report

. made by a consumers’ committee and any

complaint made to the Minister as to the

1031. Agricultural Marketing Ch. 42. 2G5

Act, 1931.

operation of an} r scheme which, in the opinion

of the Minister, could not be considered by a

consumers’ committee under the last foregoing subsection.

(4) For the purpose of enabling any committee

appointed under this section to consider any matter

which it is their duty under this section to consider, the

board administering the scheme to which the matter

relates shall furnish the committee with such accounts

and other information relating to the affairs of the

board as the committee may reasonably require, and

shall be entitled to make representations to the committee

with respect to the matter in such manner as may be

prescribed by the regulations made by the Minister

under this Act with respect to the procedure of the

committee.

(5) If a committee of investigation reports to the Minister that any provision of a scheme or any act or

omission of a board administering a scheme is contrary

to the interest of consumers of the regulated product, or

is contrary to the interest of any persons affected by the

scheme and is not in the public interest, the Minister, if

he thinks fit so to do after considering the report and

consulting the Board of Trade—

(a) may by order make such amendments in the

scheme as he considers necessary or expedient

for the purpose of rectifying the matter;

(b) may by order revoke the scheme;

(c) in the event of the matter being one

which it is within the power of the board

administering the scheme to rectify, may

by order direct the board to take such steps

to rectify the matter as may be specified in

the order, and thereupon it shall be the duty

of the board forthwith to comply with the

order:

Provided that—

(i) every order under paragraph (a) or paragraph

(c) of this subsection shall, as soon as may

be after it is made, be laid before each

House of Parliament, and if either House,

within the next subsequent twenty days on

which that House has sat after any such

2P>C> Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

order is laid before it, resolves that the 1

order shall be annulled, the order shall

thenceforth be void, but without prejudice

to anything previously done thereunder or to

the making of a new order; and

(ii) an order under paragraph (b) of this subsection

shall not take effect unless and until it has

been approved by a resolution passed by each

House of Parliament; and

(iii) before taking any action under this subsection,

the Minister shall give the board administering the scheme notice of the action which

he proposes to take and shall consider any

representations made by the board within

fourteen days from the date of the notice.

(6) In considering for the purpose of this Act

whether any person represents the interests of consumers of any product, or whether any provision of

a scheme or any act or omission of the board administering a scheme is contrary to the interests of consumers

of any product, regard shall be had to the interests

of persons who purchase the product, or commodities

produced wholly or partly therefrom, for their own

consumption or use and not to the interests of persons

who purchase the product, or such commodities as

aforesaid, for the purpose of any trade or industry

carried on by them.

Report to

be laid

before

Parliament.

10 . The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and

the Secretary of State for Scotland shall, in the year

nineteen hundred and thirty-three and in each subsequent

year, lay before Parliament a report—

(a) upon the operation of all the schemes for the

time being in force under this Act; and

(b) upon the schemes which have been submitted

to them since the last report was laid before

Parliament under this section or, in the case

of the first report, since the commencement of this Act, but which have not come into force

at the date of the report.

Agricultural Marketing Funds.

Agricultural ' 11 . —(1) For the purpose of making loans to boards

Fundg ting administering schemes under this Act, there shall be

1931.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

207

established and maintained a fund to be called " the

Agricultural Marketing Fund " (hereinafter referred to as

" the English fund "), which shall be administered and

controlled by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries,

and a fund to be called " the Agricultural Marketing

(Scotland) Fund " (hereinafter referred to as " the Scottish

fund "), which shall be administered by the Department

of Agriculture for Scotland acting under the control and

direction of the Secretary of State for Scotland.

(2) There shall be paid, out of moneys provided

by Parliament, into the English fund such sums, not

exceeding in the aggregate five hundred thousand

pounds, and into the Scottish fund such sums, not

exceeding in the aggregate one hundred and twenty-five

thousand pounds, as Parliament may from time to

time determine.

(3) Any such loan as aforesaid shall be made—

(a) in the case of a scheme applicable both in

England and in Scotland, out of both the

English and the Scottish funds in such proportion as may be determined by the Minister;

(b) in the case of a scheme applicable only in

England, out of the English fund;

(c) in the case of a scheme applicable only in

Scotland, out of the Scottish fund.

(4) Any sums received by way of interest on any

such loan as aforesaid shall be paid to the Treasury, and

any sums received by way of repayment of the principal

of any such loan shall be paid into the fund out of which

the loan was made or, in the case of a loan made out of

both funds, into each fund in proportion to the amount

of the principal lent thereout.

(5) If, in the opinion of the Treasury, a sum

representing the whole or any part of the principal

of any such loan as aforesaid is not likely to be recovered,

the Treasury may direct that that sum shall be written

off the account of the assets of the fund out of which

the loan was made or, in the case of a loan made out

of both funds, written off the account of the assets

of each fund in proportion to the sum lent thereout,

and there may, in addition to the sums hereinbefore

mentioned, be paid into the fund out of moneys

2G8

Agricultural

Marketing

Facilities

Committees.

Short-term

loans.

Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 193 L

provided by Parliament an amount equal to the sum 1

so written off, but, if any sum is received by way of

repayment of the principal of a loan after it has been

so written off as aforesaid, that sum shall, instead of

being paid into the fund or funds out of which the loan

was made, be paid to the Treasury.

(6) The Minister shall cause an account to be prepared and transmitted to the Comptroller and Auditor

General for examination on or before the thirtieth day

of November in every year, showing the receipts into

and issues out of the English and Scottish funds respectively in the financial year ending on the thirty-first day

of March preceding, and, in a case where during that year

a sum has been written off the account of the assets of the

fund, giving the reasons why it appears that that sum is

not likely to be recovered, and the Comptroller and

Auditor General shall certify and report upon the account,

and the account and report shall be laid before Parliament

by the Treasury on or before the thirty-first day of

January in the following year, if Parliament is then sitting,

or, if Parliament is not then sitting, within one week

after Parliament is next assembled.

12 . There shall be appointed by the Minister,

after consultation with the Treasury, an Agricultural

Marketing Facilities Committee for England and an

Agricultural Marketing Facilities Committee for Scotland,

and the Minister shall appoint from the members of the

said committees an Agricultural Marketing Facilities

Committee for Great Britain, and it shall be the duty

of the said committees respectively to consider, and

make recommendations with respect to, the making and

renewal of loans out of the said funds to boards

administering schemes applicable only in England,

applicable only in Scotland and applicable both in

England and in Scotland.

13 . —(1) The Minister may, on the recommendation

of the appropriate Agricultural Marketing Facilities

Committee, make to the board administering any scheme

approved under this Act a loan of such amount as he

thinks necessary for the purpose of providing for expenses

incurred in connection with the initial working of the

scheme:

1931. Agricultural Marketing Ch. -42. 2(59

Act, 1931.

Provided that (except in the case of a substitutional

scheme) a loan of such amount as the Minister thinks

necessary for the purpose of providing for expenses

incurred in connection with the initial poll may be made

without any such recommendation as aforesaid.

(2) A loan under this section shall be repaid within

two years, unless it is renewed as hereinafter provided,

and may be made free of interest during any period before

renewal, and every such loan shall be made on such other

terms as the Minister, w T ith the approval of the Treasury,

may by regulations prescribe:

Provided that, where a scheme ceases to have effect

at or before the expiration of the suspensory period, the

amount repayable in respect of any such loan made to

the board shall be reduced by the amount of any sums

expended by the board under the scheme, or required for

the payment of any debt or liability incurred thereunder

by the board.

(3) A loan under this section shall not be renewed

unless the renewal is recommended by the appropriate

Agricultural Marketing Facilities Committee, and that

committee shall not recommend the renewal, unless they

are satisfied that the board are in a position to repay

the loan forthwith, that the renewal is required to

provide for additional services which the board propose

to undertake and that adequate arrangements have

been, or will be, made to repay the loan at the expiration

of the period for which it is to be renewed.

14 . If, in the opinion of the Minister, it is expedient Long-term

that there should be made to any board a loan which shall loans,

not be repayable until the expiration of a period exceeding two years, he may, on the recommendation of the

appropriate Agricultural Marketing Facilities Committee,

lend to that board such sums as he thinks fit, and every

such loan shall be made on such terms and secured in

such manner as the Minister, with the approval of the

Treasury, may by regulations prescribe:

Provided that the amount outstanding of the loans

made under this section shall not at any time exceed in

the aggregate one hundred thousand pounds, in the case

of the English fund, or fifty thousand pounds, in The

case of the Scottish fund.

270

Constitution

and

functions

of Agricultural

Marketing

Reorganisation Commissions.

Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

Agricultural Marketing Reorganisation Commissions.

15 . — (1)The Minister may constitute gne or more

Agricultural Marketing Reorganisation Commissions for

Great Britain, England or Scotland, which shall be

charged with the duty of preparing, in accordance

with the provisions of this Act, schemes (applicable

respectively both in England and Scotland, in England

only and in Scotland only) for regulating the marketing

of such agricultural products as the Minister may direct;

and where any scheme has been prepared by such a

Commission, the Minister shall take such steps as he

thinks fit to bring the scheme to the notice of the producers

concerned.

(2) Any such Commission may, and shall if the Minister so directs, investigate any matter affecting

the operation of a scheme prepared or in course of

preparation by it, and shall, if the Minister so directs,

investigate any matter affecting the operation of any

other scheme, and may, and shall in a case where the Minister has directed the investigation to be held, make

such recommendations with respect to the matter

investigated as it thinks expedient, and in particular,

but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing

provisions, any such Commission may, and shall if the Minister so directs—

(a) investigate the extent to which the operation

of the scheme can be facilitated by co-operation

between the board administering the scheme

and other persons, and make such recommendations as the Commission thinks expedient

for promoting such co-operation;

(b) investigate the extent to which the operation

of the scheme is or will be hampered by the

fact that facilities for producing commodities

from the product to which the scheme relates

or for distributing that product or commodities

produced therefrom are inadequate, and make

such recommendations as the Commission

thinks expedient for securing the improvement

of those facilities either by co-ordinating undertakings engaged in providing those facilities or

otherwise;

1931.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

271

•and where any recommendations have been made under

this subsection, the Minister shall take such steps as he

thinks fit to bring such recommendations to the notice

of persons concerned.

(3) Every such Commission shall consist of a chairman and four other members appointed by the Minister.

(4) Every such Commission may hold such inquiries

as it considers necessary or desirable for the discharge of its

functions under this section.

(5) If any such Commission reports to the Minister—

(a) that it is necessary for the discharge of its

functions under this section that it should

inquire into a definite matter specified in the

report, being a matter relating to the place

of origin, use, channels of distribution, or

destination of any agricultural product or of

any commodity produced from such a product,

or to the quantity of any such product or

commodity which is being or has been produced, sold or otherwise dealt with; and

(b) that it has reason to believe that information

with respect to that matter is being, or is

likely to be, withheld;

the Minister may lay before each House of Parliament

the draft of an order providing that, in respect of any

meeting of the Commission held for the purpose of

inquiring into that matter, at which not less than three

members of the Commission are present, the Tribunals II & 12

of Inquiry (Evidence) Act, 1921, shall apply to the Geo. 5. c. 7.

Commission as if it were a tribunal established in manner

provided by that Act and as if that Act had been applied

thereto in manner thereby provided, and unless either

House, before the expiration of twenty days on which

that House has sat next after the draft is laid before it,

resolves that the order shall not be made, the Minister

may make an order in terms of the draft to take effect

on such date after the expiration of the said period as

may be specified in the order:

Provided that, where the said Act is applied to a

Commission in pursuance of this subsection, the Commission shall, notwithstanding anything in paragraph (a)

of section two of that Act, refuse to allow the public,

or any portion of the public, to be present Avhile any

272 Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

evidence is being given by any witness summoned before

the Commission under that Act.

General

provisions

as to commissions

and committees.

Sup 2 )lementary.

16 .—(1)The Minister may appoint a secretary to

any commission or committee constituted or appointed

under this Act, and every such commission or committee

may employ such officers, agents and servants as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

(2) The Minister may pay such remuneration to

the chairman and other members and the secretary,

officers, agents and servants of any such commission

or committee, and such other expenses of any such

commission or committee, as the Minister may, with the

approval of the Treasury, determine.

(3) The chairman and other members of every

such commission or committee shall be appointed by

the Minister for such period and subject to such

conditions as may be determined by him, and the

meetings and procedure of any such commission or committee shall be regulated in accordance with regulations

made by the Minister for the purpose, and every such

commission or committee shall have power to act notwithstanding any vacancy among the members thereof.

(4) Any regulations made by the Minister under

this section shall, as soon as may be after they are

made, be laid before each House of Parliament, and if

either House, within the next subsequent tw T enty-eight

days on which that House has sat after any such

regulations are laid before it, resolves that the regulations be annulled, the regulations shall thenceforth be

void, but without prejudice to anything previously

done thereunder or to the making of new regulations.

(5) Any expenses incurred by the Minister under this

section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by

Parliament.

Restrictions 17 .— (1) No information with respect to any

on disclosing particular undertaking (other than the undertaking of

information a board) shall, without the consent of the owner of that

under Act i undertaking, be included in any report laid before Parliament in pursuance of this Act or in any recommendations

of an Agricultural Marketing Reorganisation Commission

published in pursuance of this Act.

1931.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

27

(2) Any person who discloses any information

obtained by him in the exercise of any power conferred

on him by or under the provisions of this Act relating to

polls, or ill the exercise of any power conferred by or

under this Act on any board, consumers’ committee,

committee of investigation, or Agricultural Marketing

Reorganisation Commission, shall be liable on conviction

on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

two years or a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds

or to both such imprisonment and fine, or on summary

conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or

to both such imprisonment and fine:

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply

to the disclosure of any information in so far as it is

required to be disclosed for the purposes of legal

proceedings (including arbitrations) under this Act or

any scheme made thereunder, or for the purpose of any

report of such proceedings, or in so far as the disclosure

is required or authorised by this Act, or any scheme made

thereunder.

18. — (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby respectively assigned to them:—

" Agricultural product " includes any product of

agriculture or horticulture and any article of

food or drink wholly or partly manufactured

or derived from any such product, and fleeces

and the skins of animals:

" Board" means a board administering a scheme

under this Act and, in relation to any scheme,

means the board administering that scheme:

" Contravention " includes non-compliance, and the

expression " contravene " shall be construed

accordingly:

" Gazette " means—

(a) in relation to a scheme applicable only in

England, the London Gazette;

(b) in relation to a scheme applicable only in

Scotland, the Edinburgh Gazette;

(c) in relation to any other scheme, the London

Gazette and the Edinburgh Gazette:

S

Interpretation.

274 Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

" Initial poll ", in relation to a scheme, means the

first poll of registered, producers taken on the

question whether that scheme shall remain

in force:

" Minister " means—

(a) in relation to a scheme applicable both in

England and in Scotland, or in relation to the

Agricultural Marketing Facilities Committee,

consumers’ committee or committee of investigation for Great Britain, or in relation

to an Agricultural Marketing Reorganisation

Commission for Great Britain, both the

Minis ter of Agriculture and Fisheries and the

Secretary of State for Scotland acting in

conjunction;

(b) in relation to a scheme applicable only in

England, or in relation to the English fund,

or in relation to the Agricultural Marketing

Facilities Committee, consumers’ committee

or committee of investigation for England,

or in relation to an Agricultural Marketing

Reorganisation Commission for England, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries;

(c) in relation to a scheme applicable only in

Scotland, or in relation to the Scottish fund,

or in relation to the Agricultural Marketing

Facilities Committee, consumers’ committee

or committee of investigation for Scotland,

or in relation to an Agricultural Marketing

Reorganisation Commission for Scotland, the

Secretary of State for Scotland:

" Producer " means, in relation to any scheme, any

person who produces the regulated product:

" Registered producer " means, in relation to any

scheme, a producer registered under the scheme:

" Regulated product " means, in relation to any

scheme, any product the marketing of which is

regulated by the scheme, but does not (except

in the expression "consumers of the regulated

product ") include any product in so far as it

is produced outside the area to which the

scheme is applicable:

19.31.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

275

" Substitutional scheme" means a scheme which

revokes one or more existing schemes, and

is such that at the time when it comes into

force—

(a) every person is entitled to be registered

as a producer thereunder who was entitled to

be registered as a producer under the existing

scheme or one or more of the existing

schemes; and

(b) no person is entitled to be registered as

a producer thereunder who was not entitled

to be registered as a producer under the

existing scheme or any of the existing

schemes:

" Suspensory period ", in relation to a scheme,

means a period beginning on the date when

the scheme is approved and ending at the

expiration of such period (not being less than

one month or more than two months), commencing on the date of the declaration of the

result of the initial poll, as may be provided by

the scheme.

(2) A declaration by the Minister, contained in an

order approving a scheme, that the scheme is a substitutional scheme shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.

(3) For the purposes of a scheme regulating the

marketing of live stock of any kind, every person

whose business it is to keep live stock of that kind for

the purpose of breeding from it or selling it in an

improved condition shall (except in so far as the scheme

otherwise provides) be deemed to produce it.

19. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to Application

the following modifications :— to Scotland.

(1) The following subsection shall be substituted

for subsection (4) of section seven:—

" (4) It shall be lawful for the board to create by

instrument in writing in favour of a bank a

charge on all or any of the agricultural produce

in Scotland from time to time belonging to, and

in the possession of, the board, as security for

sums advanced or to be advanced to the board

or paid or to be paid on its behalf under any

27G Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 2] & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

guarantee by the bank, and interest, commission and charges thereon, and the provisions of

19 & 20 Part II of the Agricultural Credits (Scotland)

Geo.5. c. 13. Act, 1929, shall apply to any charge created in

pursuance of this subsection in like manner as

they apply to an agricultural charge.

In this subsection the expressions bank ’

and ‘agricultural produce’ have the same

meanings respectively as in the Agricultural

Credits (Scotland) Act, 1929."

(2) For any reference in this Act to the High Court

there shall be substituted a reference to the Court of

Session, and for any reference therein to a county court

or to the district of a county court there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff or to the jurisdiction

of the sheriff, and for paragraph (b) of the proviso to

subsection (4) of section eight the following paragraph

shall be substituted:—

" (6) it shall be lawful for the Court of Session, on

the application of the board or of any party to

the contract, to require any appeal to the

sheriff court under this section to be remitted

to the Court of Session."

(3) If an agricultural society satisfies the Secretary

of State for Scotland—

(a) that its members are substantially representative of the persons who produce an agricultural

product in an area in Scotland, having regard

both to the number of persons so represented

and to the quantity of the product produced

by them in the area; and

(b) that the society has made with each of its

members who is a producer of the product in

the area a contract binding him for a specified

period not to sell the product produced by

him otherwise than through the agency or with

the written consent of the society;

any scheme made in pursuance of this Act for the area

regulating the marketing of the product may, in lieu of

constituting a board in accordance with section two of

1931.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

277

this Act, provide that the governing body of the^agri-

cultural society shall be the board for thejpurposes of

such scheme ?

Provided that the Secretary of State, before

approving a scheme containing any such provision,

shall have regard to the interests of all producers of the

product in the area, whether members of the agricultural society or not.

(4) Where a scheme provides that the governing

body of an agricultural society shall be the board for

the purposes of the scheme, the following provisions shall

have effect:—

(a) every member of the society who is a producer

of the product within the area shall be deemed

to be a registered producer;

(b) there shall be added to the governing body of the society representatives of the registered

producers who are not members of the society

in such numbers as may be provided by the

scheme, provided that such representatives

shall not be members of the governing body for

any purposes except the purposes of this Act;

(c) nothing in the provisions of this Act shall

render the fund referred to in section seven

liable for any contracts of the governing body

other than contracts entered into for the

purpose of the operation of the scheme, and

the said fund shall not be applied directly or

indirectly except for such purpose, and nothing

in the said provisions shall render the funds or

property of the society liable for any contracts

entered into by the governing body for such

purpose as aforesaid, and such funds or property

shall not be applied directly or indirectly for

such purpose;

(d) nothing in the provisions of this Act with regard

to the winding up of a board shall affect or

apply to the society or the governing body

except in its capacity as a board, or impose any

liability on any member of the society except

as a registered producer;

278 Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

(e) the provisions of this Act with regard to boarcfs

(other than those relating to the composition

thereof) shall apply to the governing body

subject to the foregoing and to any other

necessary modifications.

(5) A contract by a member of an agricultural society

binding him for a specified period not to sell a product

produced by him otherwise than through the agency

or with the written consent of the society or of the

governing body thereof shall not be held to be in

restraint of trade or to be illegal on that ground; and

it shall be lawful for a member of such a society to

create by instrument in writing in favour of the society

or of the governing body thereof a charge over any

product which he is under contract to sell through

the agency of the society or of the governing body

thereof as security for sums advanced or to be advanced to him in anticipation of the payment of the

sums received for the sale of the product.

The provisions of sections five, six, seven and eight

of the Agricultural Credits (Scotland) Act, 1929, shall

apply with the necessary modifications to charges

created in terms of this paragraph.

(6) No benefit that may accrue to a landholder or

a statutory small tenant, or other occupier of an

agricultural holding from the operation of this Act shall

be taken into account by the land court in fixing a fair

or an equitable rent under the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1919, or by an arbiter in determining

13 & 14 for the purposes of section twelve of the Agricultural

Geo. 5.o. 10. Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, what rent is properly

payable in respect of a holding.

(7) (a) It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State

for Scotland in lieu of constituting an Agricultural

Marketing Reorganisation Commission to provide, by

order, for the vesting of any powers and duties conferred

on such Commissions by this Act, in an existing organisation formed for the purpose of promoting agricultural

co-operation in Scotland, or in the governing body of such

organisation: Provided that no Order under this subsection shall come into operation until it has lain before

each House of Parliament for a period of twenty days

on which that House has sat, and if a resolution

1931.

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

279

disapproving the order is passed by either House within

the said period, the order shall be null, without prejudice,

however, l; o the making of a new order, and provided

further that no such order shall be made without the

consent of the organisation to which it relates.

(b) An order under this subsection may direct that

the provisions of this Act or any of them with regard to

such a Commission shall apply to the organisation to which

the order relates or to the governing body thereof, subject

to such modifications as may be prescribed hi the order,

and may, with the approval of the Treasury, direct that

the expenses incurred by the organisation or governing

body in carrying out any powers or duties imposed on it

by the order shall, in lieu of being met in the manner

provided by this Act with regard to such Commissions,

be met out of an annual grant to the organisation or

governing body of such amount as may from time to

time be determined by the Treasury, and any such

grant shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by

Parliament.

(8) In this section—

" agricultural society" means a society or company registered under the Industrial and

Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1928, or

under the Companies Act, 1929, having for

its object or one of its objects the sale on

behalf of its members of any agricultural

product.

" governing body, " in the case of a society registered under the Industrial and Provident

Societies Acts, 1893 to 1928, means the committee of management or other directing

body of the society and, in the case of a

company registered under the Companies

Act, 1929, means the directors.

20. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Agricultural

Marketing Act, 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. o. 23.

Short title

and extent.

280

Ch. 42.

Sections 1

and 3.

Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Submission, Amendment and Revocation

of Schemes.

Part I.

Submission of Schemes.

A scheme regulating the marketing of an agricultural

product may be submitted by any persons who satisfy the Minister

that they are substantially representative of the persons who

produce that product in the area to which the scheme is

applicable, and, for the purpose of satisfying himself as aforesaid, the Minister shall have regard both to the number of persons

represented and to the quantity of the product produced by

them in that area during some recent period before the scheme

is submitted:

Provided that a substitutional scheme shall be treated for

the purpose of the submission thereof to the Minister as if it

were an amendment of every scheme revoked thereby, and

sub-paragraphs (a), (b ), and (d) of paragraph one of Part II. of this Schedule shall apply accordingly.

Part II.

Amendment and Revocation of Schemes.

I. An amendment of a scheme may be submitted by the

board to, and approved by, the Minister in accordance with the

following provisions of this paragraph, namely :—

(a) an amendment may be submitted to the Minister—

(i) if the amendment has previously been published in the prescribed manner to all registered

producers; and

(ii) in a case where a poll is demanded in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph

on the question whether the amendment shall be

submitted to the Minister, if a poll on that question

has been taken and the result thereof shows that the

requisite majority of registered producers has voted

in favour of the submission of the amendment;

1931,

Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931.

Ch. 42.

281

(b) for the purpose of this paragraph a poll may, within the

prescribed time from the publication of the amendment

as afcyesaid, be demanded by the prescribed number

or the prescribed proportion, as the case may be, of the registered producers;

(c) where an amendment is duly submitted to the Minister

as aforesaid the provisions of subsections (3), (4), (5),

(6), and (8) of section one of this Act shall apply with

respect to the amendment as they apply with respect

to a scheme, subject to the following modifications of the said subsection (8), namely, —

(i) the words "is satisfied that the amendment

will conduce to the more efficient operation of the

scheme " shall be substituted for the words "is

satisfied that the scheme will conduce to the more

efficient production and marketing of the regulated

product "; and

(ii) except in a case where the Minister is required

to direct a public inquiry to be held under the provisions of proviso (a) to the said subsection (5),

the provisions requiring the draft to be laid before

Parliament and the approval of the draft by each

House of Parliament before the Minister approves a

scheme shall not apply;

(d) for the purpose of this paragraph the expression "the

requisite majority " means—

(i) not less than two-thirds of the total number

of registered producers voting on the poll; and

(ii) registered producers who are capable of

producing not less than two-thirds of the quantity

of the regulated product which all the registered

producers voting on the poll are capable of producing.

2. If a demand for a poll on the question whether a scheme

shall be revoked is made to the board in the prescribed manner

and by the prescribed number or the prescribed proportion,

as the case may be, of the registered producers, the board shall

forthwith cause a poll of the registered producers to be taken

on that question, and if the result of the poll shows that there have

voted in favour of the revocation of the scheme—

(a) more than half the total number of registered producers

voting on the poll; and

(b) registered producers who are capable of producing more

than half the quantity of the regulated product which-

all the registered producers voting on the poll are

capable of producing;

1st Sch.

— cant.

282 Ch. 42. Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

1st Soh. the board shall, as soon as practicable after the declaration

— cent. the result of the poll, communicate the result thereof to the Minister, and the Minister shall thereupon by ojjder revoke the

scheme:

Provided that, without the consent of the board, no poll

shall be taken under this paragraph—

(i) in the case of a scheme other than a substitutional

scheme, within two years from the date of the declaration

of the result of the initial poll; or

(ii) in the case of any scheme, within the prescribed period

from the date of the declaration of the result of any

previous poll taken under this paragraph.

3. For the purpose of the last two foregoing paragraphs

the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by the scheme.

4. A scheme may be revoked by a subsequent scheme, and

where a scheme is so revoked the subsequent scheme may

provide for the transfer to the new board of the whole or any

part of the property, rights and liabilities of the existing board,

for the continuation by or against the new board of any legal

proceedings pending by or against the existing board, and for the

dissolution, without winding up, of the existing board.

In this paragr aph the expression "new board" means the

board administering the subsequent scheme, and the expression

" existing board" means the board administering the scheme

revoked.

5. The Minister shall by order revoke a scheme if an order

is made for the winding up of the board.

6. Without prejudice to any other powers conferred on

him by this Act, the Minister, if he is of opinion that any

provision of a scheme or any act or omission of a board administering a scheme is contrary to the interest of consumers of the

regulated product, or is contrary to the interest of a substantial

number of persons affected by the scheme and is not in the

public interest, may lay before each House of Parliament the

draft of an order revoking the scheme, and if each House

resolves that the order shall be approved, the Minister shall

make the order to take effect on such date after the passing of the last of the resolutions of approval as may be specified in the

order.

7. The board administering a scheme shall not be deemed

.to be dissolved by reason only that the scheme has been

revoked, and (except in a case where the board is dissolved

without winding up under paragraph 4 of this Part of this

Agricultural Marketing Ch. 42.

Act, 1931.

Schedule) so much of the scheme as relates to the winding

up of the board shall continue in force notwithstanding the

revocation.

8. Where a scheme is revoked, or is so amended as to

revoke any provision thereof, subsection (2) of section

thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, (which relates

to the effect of repeals) shall apply as if the revocation of the

scheme or of that provision, as the case may be, were the repeal

of an enactment by another Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to the Incorporation, Registration,

and Winding up of Boards.

1. The board shall be constituted by the scheme as a body

corporate with a common seal and power to hold land without

licence in mortmain.

2. The scheme shall provide for notification to the Minister of the address of the office of the board at which

communications and notices will at all times be received, and

of any change in that address, and the Minister shall cause a

register to be kept showing the address of every board, and the

register shall be open for inspection by the public at such times

and at such place as he may direct.

3. The scheme shall provide for the winding up of the board,

and for that purpose may apply Part X of the Companies Act,

1929, subject to the modifications hereafter set out in this

Schedule.

4. For the purpose of section three hundred and thirty-eight

of the Companies Act, 1929, the principal place of business of the board shall be deemed to be the office of the board registered

by the Minister under this Act.

5 . Sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of

section three hundred and thirty-eight of the Companies Act

1929, shall not apply, and sub-paragraph (iii) of that paragraph

shall apply as if the words "or any member thereof as such "

were omitted.

6. A petition for winding up a board may be presented

by the Minister as well as by any person authorised under the

provisions of the Companies Act, 1929, to present a petition

for winding up a company.

283

1st Sch.

— con/.

62 & 53 Vici.

o. 63.

Section 2,

284

Ch. 42.

Agricultural Marketing 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

2nd Soh. 7. In the event of the winding up of a board, every person

— cont. who, at any time during the relevant period, was a registered

producer shall be liable to contribute to the payment of the

debts and liabilities of the board and to the payment of the

costs and expenses of the winding up an amount assessed in

such manner and subject to such limitations as may be provided

by the scheme, but save as aforesaid no person shall be liable to

contribute to the assets of the board in the winding-up by

reason only of his being or having been a registered producer or a

member of the board.

8. In the last foregoing paragraph the expression "the

relevant period " means—

(a) in a case where, before the commencement of the

winding up, the scheme has been revoked, the year

immediately before the revocation of the scheme;

(b) in any other case, the year immediately before the

commencement of the winding up.

Section 6. THIRD SCHEDULE.

Additional Matters for which Schemes

MUST PROVIDE.

1. As to the accounts to be kept by the board, and as to the

audit of such accounts.

2. As to. the furnishing by the board to the Minister

and to registered producers of accounts, returns and other

information, including an annual balance sheet and either an

annual profit and loss account or, in the case of a board which

does not trade for profit, an annual income and expenditure

account.

3. As to the manner in which the moneys of the board may

be invested.

4. As to the furnishing by the board of a copy of the

balance sheets of the board to any person requiring it.

5. As to the removal from the register of producers of the

names of persons who have ceased to be producers or are

exempted from registration.

1031.

Improvement of Lire

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

Cit. 43.

285

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to provide for the improvement of live

stock by regulating the keeping and importation

of bulls and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, it

shall not be lawful on or after the appointed day to

keep a bull which has attained the prescribed age, unless

a licence or permit in respect of the bull is for the time

being in force under this Act, or unless the bull attained

the prescribed age before the appointed day, and any

person who keeps a bull in contravention of this section

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding five pounds in the case of a first offence, or

twenty pounds in the case of a second or subsequent

offence.

(2) For the purpose of any proceedings in respect of

an offence under this section, it shall be presumed until

the contrary is proved that the bull had attained the

prescribed age at the time when the offence is alleged to

have been committed and had not attained that age

before the appointed day, but it shall be a good defence

for a person charged with such an offence to prove that

the bull was not bred by him, that he took all reasonable

steps to ascertain the age of the bull, and that he had

reason to believe that the bull—

(a) had not attained the prescribed age at the time

when the offence was alleged to have been

committed; or

(b) had attained that age before the appointed day.

(3) For the purposes of this section, a person shall

be deemed to keep a bull if he owns the buff or has the

bull in his possession or custody.

Restriction?

on keeping

bulls.

280

Ch. 43.

Improvement of Live 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

Licences and 2.—(1) On application being made in the prescribed

permits for manner and within the prescribed time, or such further

bulls. time as the Minister may in any case allow, and on

payment of such fee (not exceeding five stillings) as

may be prescribed, the Minister shall, subject to the provisions of this section and if satisfied that the prescribed

conditions as to inspection and marking have been

complied with, grant in the prescribed form to the owner

of any bull—

(a) a licence to keep the bull for breeding purposes;

or

(b) a permit to keep the bull for any other

purpose.

(2) The Minister may refuse to grant or may revoke

a licence in respect of a bull, if the bull appears to him

to be—

(a) of defective or inferior conformation and likely

to beget defective or inferior progeny; or

(b) permanently affected with any contagious or

infectious disease; or

(c) permanently affected with any other disease

rendering the bull unsuitable for breeding

purposes;

and may revoke a licence hi respect of a bull, if any

condition of the licence is contravened or not complied

with.

(3) The Minister may refuse to grant or may revoke

a permit on any grounds which appear to him sufficient.

(4) If the Minister refuses to grant or revokes a

licence or permit, he shall give notice to that effect, in

the case of a refusal of a licence or permit, to the

applicant therefor, and, in the case of a revocation of a

licence or permit, to the owner or the person stated

therein to be the owner of the bull, and any such notice

given in respect of a licence shall state the grounds for

the refusal or revocation.

(5) If notice is duly given in accordance with the

last foregoing subsection to a person who is not the owner

of the bull, it shall be the duty of that person forthwith

to take all reasonable steps to inform the owner accordingly, and, if he fails to do so, he shall be liable to

1931. Improvement of Live Ch. 43. 287

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

indemnify the owner against any loss the owner may

suffer by reason of the failure.

(6) It shall be a good defence for a person charged

with the offence of keeping a bull in contravention of this Act to prove that, at the date when the offence is •

alleged to have been committed, application had been

duly made for a licence or permit in respect of the bull

and the Minister had not given notice of his decision on

that application.

(7) Where the Minister is satisfied that a licence or

permit granted under this Act has been lost or destroyed,

he may, on application made in the prescribed manner

and on payment of the prescribed fee, issue to the holder

of that licence or permit a duplicate thereof, and thereupon all the provisions of this Act with respect to a

licence or permit shall apply to the duplicate as if it

were the original licence or permit.

3. — (1) Upon any change in the ownership of a bull Change of

in respect of winch a licence or permit is in force under ownership

this Act (other than a change in consequence of the death ra '

of the holder), the holder of the licence or permit shall i icence or

forthwith deliver it to the new owner together with any permit,

notice of suspension received by him in respect of the

bull the terms of which have not already been endorsed

thereon, and shall send by post to the Minister written

notice of the name and address of the new owner, and

the new owner, upon delivery to him of the licence or

permit, shall become the holder thereof for the purposes

of this Act.

(2) Upon the death of the holder of a licence or

permit in force under this Act, his personal representative shall become the holder thereof for the purposes of this Act.

(3) Any person becoming the holder of a licence or

permit under the foregoing provisions of this section

shall, within one month thereafter, send the licence or

permit by post to the Minister, together with a request

for the transfer thereof, and the Minister shall thereupon

transfer the licence or permit to that person by

endorsement or otherwise.

(4) If any licence or permit is not sent to the Minister

in accordance with the last foregoing subsection, it shall

288

Ch. 43

Conditions

of licence or

permit.

Improvement of Live 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

become void at the expiration of the said period of onp

month, but without prejudice to an application for a

new licence or permit, as the case may be.

(5) A licence or permit granted under this Act

in respect of a bull shall remain in force until one of the following events occurs, that is to say, until—

(a) the licence or permit is revoked or becomes void

under this Act; or

(b) the bull dies or is castrated; or

(c) the bull has been outside Great Britain for a

consecutive period of fourteen days or such

longer consecutive period as the Minister may

allow; or

(d) in the case of a permit, the period specified

therein expires.

In computing for the purposes of this subsection

how long a bull has been outside Great Britain, the

period of its absence shall be deemed to begin at the

time when it is put on board any ship for the purpose

of being carried out of Great Britain and to end at the

time when it is landed in Great Britain on its return.

(6) On a licence or permit ceasing to be in force

the holder thereof shall return it to the Minister within

fourteen days.

(7) If the holder of a licence or permit fails to

comply with any of the requirements of subsection (1) or

subsection (5) of this section, he shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

4.— (1) It shall be a condition of a licence or permit

granted under this Act that the holder thereof shall—

(a) forthwith notify the Minister of any change of

his address; and

(b) submit the bull to which the licence or permit

relates to inspection at any reasonable time,

either at the place where the bull is for the time

being or at any other reasonable place, by any

officer of the Ministry when required by such an

officer so to do, and render all reasonable

assistance to that officer for the purpose of the

inspection.

1931.

Improvement of Live

Slock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

Ch. 43.

289

(2) An applicant for a permit under this Act shall

state in his application the place where he proposes

to keep the bull to which the application relates, and,

unless the Minister otherwise directs, that place shall be

specified in the permit and it shall be a condition of the

permit that the bull shall be kept at that place or such

other place as may from time to time, on application

made in the prescribed manner, be substituted in the

permit for the place theretofore specified.

(3) If it appears to the Minister that a bull, in respect

of which a licence is about to be or has been granted, is

temporarily affected by a. disease or defect rendering the

bull unsuitable for breeding purposes, the Minister may

by notice (in this Act referred to as a " notice of

suspension") served in the prescribed manner make it

a condition of the licence that the bull shall not, for

such period as the Minister may think fit, be allowed to

serve a cow, and the licence shall be endorsed accordingly.

(4) It shall be a condition of a permit granted under

this Act that the bull to which it relates shall not be

allowed to serve a cow:

Provided that the Minister may, on such conditions

as he thinks fit, exempt from the provisions of this subsection any bull kept in a zoological collection or otherwise in the interests of the science of zoology or kept

solely for experimental purposes.

(5) If any condition of a licence or permit imposed

by subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section is contravened or not complied with, the holder of the licence

or permit shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding five pounds, and if any person allows

a bull to serve a cow in contravention of a condition

of a licence or permit imposed in pursuance of subsection (3) or by subsection (4) of this section, he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

five pounds in the case of a first offence or tw enty pounds

in the case of a second or subsequent offence.

5.—(1) If, as respects any bull, the Minister—

(a) refuses to grant a licence; or

(b) revokes a licence on any ground other than

that a condition of the licence has not been

complied with; or

(c) serves a notice of suspension;

T

Appeal to

referee.

290 Ch. 43. Improvement of Live 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

the applicant for, or holder of, the licence, as the case 1 '

may be, on application made in the prescribed maimer,

and within such period as may be prescribed (not being

less than fourteen days from the date of the refusal or

revocation or the service of the notice, as the case may be),

and on payment of such fee (not exceeding two guineas)

as may be prescribed, may require a referee’s inspection

of the bull in accordance with this section.

(2) For the purposes of this section, there shall be

constituted a panel of referees consisting of persons

appointed by the Minister on the recommendation of

such agricultural associations and cattle-breeding societies

as the Minister thinks it expedient to consult.

Any person so appointed may be removed from the

panel by the Minister after consultation with the association or society by which he was recommended.

(3) When an application has been duly made requiring a referee’s inspection under this section, the Minister shall select for the purpose of the application one

or more members of the said panel, who shall be paid

by the Minister in respect of their duties under this

section such fees as the Minister may fix:

Provided that no member of the panel, who has

previously been employed either by the Minister or by

the applicant to inspect the bull to which the application relates, shall be selected for the purpose of the

application.

(4) The member or members so selected shall

inspect the bull to which the application relates and

report to the Minister the result of their inspection,

and the report shall contain recommendations that the

refusal, revocation or notice of suspension, as the case

may be, shall be confirmed or withdrawn or, in the case

of a notice of suspension, that the notice shall be modified

to such extent as may be specified in the recommendations.

(5) The Minister, on receipt of the report aforesaid,

shall confirm or withdraw the refusal, revocation or

notice, or modify the notice, in accordance with the

recommendations, and shall forthwith and in the prescribed manner give notice to the applicant of the result

of his application.

1031. Improvement of Live Ch. 43. 201

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

(6) It shall be a good defence for a person charged

with the offence of keeping a bull in contravention of this Act to ^prove that at the date when the offence is

alleged to have been committed—-

(a) a licence in respect of the bull had been refused

or had been revoked in circumstances entitling

the holder thereof to apply for a referee’s

inspection, and the time for making application

for such an inspection had not expired; or

(b) an application had been duly made for a referee’s

inspection, and the Minister had not given

notice to the applicant of the result of the

application.

(7) The fee payable on an application under this

section shall, if the Minister does not confirm the refusal,

revocation or notice to which the application relates,

be returned to the applicant by the Minister.

6.—(1) On or after the appointed day the Minister or Power to

any officer of the Ministry may, by notice served in the order

prescribed manner and in accordance with this section, daughter or

require that any bull, which has attained the prescribed

age at the date when the notice is served and in respect

of which no licence or permit is for the time being in

force under this Act, shall be slaughtered or castrated

within such time after the notice takes effect as may be

specified in the notice:

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to

a bull which attained the prescribed age before the

appointed day.

(2) For the purposes of this section, a notice shall

be served—

(a) in a case where the notice is served together with

a notice of a refusal to grant a licence or permit,

on the applicant for the licence or permit:

(b) in a case where the notice is served together with

a notice of revocation of a licence or permit,

on the person stated in the licence or permit to

be the owner of the bull:

(c) in any other case on any person for the time

being having the bull in his possession or

custody.

292 Ch. 43. Improvement of Live 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931. *

(3) If a notice under this section is duly served on a«

person who is not the owner of the hull, it shall be

the duty of that person forthwith to take all reasonable

steps to inform the owner accordingly, and, if he fails to

do so, he shall be liable to indemnify the owner against

any loss the owner may suffer by reason of the failure.

(4) The notice shall take effect for the purposes of this section at the time of the service thereof:

Provided that—

(a) in a case where—

(i) a licence or permit in respect of the

bull has not at any time been applied for

or has become void under subsection (4) of

section three of this Act; and

(ii) before the expiration of a period of

fourteen days from the service of the

notice application is duly made for a

licence or permit;

the notice shall not take effect unless and

until that application is refused and, where

the application is for a licence, the time for

applying for a referee’s inspection has expired,

nor, if such an inspection is duly applied

for, unless and until the Minister notifies the

applicant that he has confirmed the refusal

in accordance with the referee’s report; and

(b) in a case where the Minister has refused to

grant a licence, or revoked a licence in

circumstances entitling the holder thereof to

apply for a referee’s inspection, the notice

shall not take effect until the time for making

application for such an inspection has expired,

nor, if application is duly made for such an

inspection, unless and until the Minister

notifies the applicant that he has decided to

confirm the refusal or revocation in accordance with the referee’s report.

(5) If any person on whom a notice has been duly

served under this section fails to comply with the notice,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding three pounds for every day during which the

failure continues.

1931. Improvement of Live Ch. 43. 293

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

(6) If any person, without the permission of the Minister, at any time after a notice has been duly served

under this section removes (otherwise than to a slaughterhouse for the purpose of slaughter) the bull to which the

notice relates from the place where the bull is at the

time of the service of the notice, he shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds

in the case of a first offence or twenty pounds in the

case of a second or subsequent offence.

(7) If a notice duly served under this section is not

complied with, the Minister may cause the bull to which

the notice relates to be slaughtered or castrated at the

expense of the person on whom the notice was served,

and the cost of the slaughter or castration shall be paid

by that person to the Minister on demand, or in default

may be recovered from that person by the Minister

summarily as a civil debt.

(8) For the purpose of any proceedings under or

arising out of this section, it shall be presumed until the

contrary is proved that the bull to which the proceedings

relate had attained the prescribed age at the date when

the notice was served, and had not attained that age

before the appointed day.

(9) The provisions of this section shall be in

addition to, and not in substitution for, the provisions

of this Act imposing penalties with respect to the

keeping of a bull without a licence or permit.

7.—(1) It shall be the duty of any person for the Duty to

time being having a bull in his possession or custody— produce

(a) if a licence or permit is in force in respect permit.

of the bull, to produce the licence or permit

within a reasonable time on demand made by

an officer of the Ministry or a police officer at

any place where the bull is for the time being;

(b) if a licence is in force in respect of the bull, to produce the licence if required so to do by the person

in charge of a cow about to be served by the bull.

(2) If any person fails to comply with this section,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding five pounds.

204

Ch. 43.

Penalty for

forgery, &c.

3 & 4 Geo. 5

c. 27.

Importation

of bulls

rejected in

Ireland.

Powers of

officers and

penalty for

obstruction,

&c.

Improvement of Live 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

(3) A failure on the part of any person having a bull in his possession or custody to produce, within a reasonable time, on demand made as aforesaid by an officer of the Ministry or a police officer, a licence or permit for the time being in force in respect of the bull shall, in any proceedings taken under this Act against that person or against the owner of the bull, be evidence that no licence or permit was at the date of the demand aforesaid in force in respect of the bull.

8. —(1) If any person with intent to deceive—

(i) forges or uses or lends to or allows to be used

by any other person a licence or permit

under this Act; or

(ii) makes or has in his possession any document

so closely resembling such a licence or permit

as to be calculated to deceive; or

(iii) places on a bull a mark so closely resembling

a mark prescribed under this Act as to be

calculated to deceive; or

(iv) places on a bull a mark prescribed under this Act or alters or defaces any mark placed on

a bull for the purposes of this Act;

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds or to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding three months, or to both such

imprisonment and fine.

(2) In the application of this section to England,

the expression "forges " has the same meaning as in

the Forgery Act, 1913.

9. No bull brought to Great Britain from any

part of Ireland shall be moved alive out of the wharf

at which it is landed, if the bull has been marked with a

mark prescribed under the laws of the Irish Free State

or Northern Ireland for the purpose of signifying that

an application has been made under those laws for a

licence in respect of the bull and has been refused.

10 . —(1)For the purposes of this Act, an officer of the Ministry shall have power at all reasonable times—

(a) to inspect any bull:

1931. Improvement of Live Ch. 43. 295

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

(b) to mark any bull with a prescribed mark in the

prescribed manner:

(c) to enter any premises or other place where he

has reason to believe a bull is kept.

(2) An officer of the Ministry, when exercising any

power conferred upon him by this Act, shall, if so

required, produce a certificate of his employment to

any person affected by the exercise of the power.

(3) If any person obstructs or impedes an officer

of the Ministry in the exercise of any power conferred

upon him by this Act, that person shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds

in the case of a first offence or twenty pounds in the

case of a second or subsequent offence.

(4) It shall be the duty of any person having a bull

in his possession or custody to render all reasonable

assistance to any officer of the Ministry for the purpose of the exercise, in respect of the bull, of any power conferred upon the officer by this Act, and if that person fails to render such assistance he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

11. -(l) The Minister may make regulations (sub- Power to

ject, in respect of fees, to the approval of the Treasury) make

for prescribing anything which under this Act is required regulations

or authorised to be prescribed.

(2) The regulations prescribing the age of bulls for the purpose of this Act may prescribe different ages for different breeds of bulls.

(3) Any regulation made under this section shall

be laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith;

and, if an address is presented to His Majesty by either

House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-

one days on which that House has sat after any such

regulation is laid before it praying that the regulation

may be annulled, it shall thenceforth be void, but

without prejudice to the validity of anything previously

done thereunder or the making of a new regulation.

12. —(1) The expenses of the Minister under this Expenses

Act, to such amount as may be approved by the Treasury, of Minister,

shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

296

Ch. 43.

Interpretation.

Short title

and extent.

Improvement of Live 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931. 1

(2) All sums received under this Act by the Minister 1

shall be applied by him as an appropriation in aid

of moneys provided by Parliament for the payment of

expenses incurred under this Act.

13. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,

the following expressions have the meanings hereby

respectively assigned to them:—

" The appointed day " means—

(i) in the application of this Act to England,

such day, not being earlier than three years

after the passing of this Act, as may be

appointed by the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries;

(ii) in the application of this Act to Scotland, such day, not being earlier than one

year after the passing of this Act, as may be

appointed by the Secretary of State;

" Cow " includes a heifer:

" The Minister " means—

(i) in the application of this Act to England,

the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries;

(ii) in the application of this Act to Scotland, the Department of Agriculture for

Scotland:

" Officer of the Ministry " includes any person

for the time being employed by the Minister

for the purposes of this Act:

" Prescribed" means prescribed by regulations under

this Act.

14. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Improvement

of Live Stock (Licensing of Bulls) Act, 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1931. Small Landholders and Cir. 44.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1919, and the Agricultural

Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Amendment of the Small Landholders

(Scotland) Acts.

1.—(1) In any case where a landholder renounces

or is removed from his holding and the landlord is liable

to pay compensation for permanent improvements,

either to the landholder or to the Department of

Agriculture for Scotland (hereafter in this Act referred to

as the "Department") in virtue of a transfer to them

under section eight of the Act of 1911 of the landholder’s

rights to compensation, and another person (hereinafter

referred to as the " incoming holder ") becomes the

holder of the holding, and, with the consent of the

landlord, pays to the outgoing holder any compensation

due to him and agrees with the Department to assume

any outstanding liability to them of the outgoing holder

in respect of a loan granted to him, the incoming holder

shall be deemed to have executed or paid for the improvements, and on renouncing or being removed from the

holding shall be entitled to compensation accordingly.

Where in any such case the landlord has not paid the compensation due either to the outgoing holder, or to the Department, or has not made application to the Department to determine under the said section that any compensation due to them in virtue of the said section eight shall be deemed to be a loan to him, he shall be deemed to have given the consent aforesaid.

(2) In any such case as aforesaid the powers of the

Department conferred by section seven of the Act of

Compensation to an

outgoing

holder.

298

Ch. 44. Small Landholders and 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

Part I. 1911 with regard to the provision of assistance with a 1

— cont. view to the registration of a new holder shall include

power to provide assistance to the incoming holder to

enable him to pay to the outgoing holder the compensation due to him, and where the outgoing holder is under

any liability to the Department in respect of a loan

granted to him, the Department and the incoming holder

may agree that he shall assume such liability, and the

amount thereof shall then be deemed to be a loan granted

to the incoming holder in pursuance of the aforesaid

powers conferred by section seven of the Act of 1911.

(3) Where a new holder or the Department on his

behalf has made payment to the landlord of a sum representing the value to such holder of the existing buildings,

such holder shall be deemed to have executed or paid

for such buildings and shall be entitled to compensation

accordingly, and any loan granted by the Department

to such holder to enable him to make such payment, or

any such payment made by the Department shall be

deemed to be a loan granted to the landholder under

section seven of the Act of 1911.

(4) The provisions of this section shall be deemed

to have come into operation at the commencement of the Act of 1911, and any reference in this section to the

Department shall include a reference to the Board of

Agriculture for Scotland.

Department 2.—(1) The Department, with a view to ascertaining

to be whether any land is suitable or available for small hold-

entitled to j n g g ghap } je entitled, by notice in writing served on the

formation landlord of such land, to require the landlord to give

such information as to the occupiers thereof, and the

terms of their tenancies, as may be specified in the

notice, or to allow copies to be made of any leases of

such land, and if any landlord fails without reasonable

excuse to comply with any such requirement within

one month after the service of the notice he shall be

guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction

to a line not exceeding five pounds.

(2) A landlord shall be entitled to recover from the

Department any expenses reasonably incurred by him in

complying with a requisition under the foregoing subsection.

1931.

Small Landholders and Ch. 44.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

299

3. — (1) When one year’s rent of a holding is unpaid

or when a landholder has broken any statutory condition

(other than, a statutory condition as to payment of

rent), it shall be lawful for the Land Court, on the

application of the landlord and after consideration of any

objections stated by the landholder, to make an order

for the removal of the landholder, and where a landholder

whose rights to compensation for permanent improvements have been transferred in whole or in part to the

Department, under section eight of the Act of 1911,

abandons his holding or breaks any statutory condition

(other than as aforesaid) or breaks any of the conditions

of repayment of a loan under the said section, it shall be

lawful for the Land Court, on the application of the

Department, and after considering any objections stated

by the landholder or the landlord, to make an order for

the removal of the landholder.

(2) Section three of the Act of 1886 and subsection

(2) of section eight of the Act of 1911 are hereby repealed.

4. Where any person to whom a new holding has been allocated or let by the Department fails without reasonable cause within three months of his term of entry to such holding to occupy, cultivate and proceed to equip it, the Department after consideration of any objections stated by such person shall be entitled to terminate his right to such holding and to allocate or let it to some other person, and where a person has been registered by order of the Land Court as a landholder in respect of any holding and he fails without reasonable cause within three months of such registration to occupy, cultivate and proceed to equip the holding, it shall be lawful for the Land Court on the application of the Department or of the landlord, and after giving the Department, the landlord, and the landholder an opportunity of being heard, to cancel the registration of such landholder and to terminate his right to the holding, and the Department shall thereupon be entitled to allocate or let the holding to some other person.

5. — (1) For removing doubts as to the powers of the

Department to grant loans under section nine of the

Act of 1911, it is hereby declared that the Department

may, where they are of opinion that assistance should

be provided for the erection of new buildings, either

Part I.

— cont.

Removal of

landholder

for breach

of statutory

conditions.

Termination of right

of landholder who

fails to

occupy.

Provisions

as to loans

for buildings.

300

Part I.

— cont.

Amendment

of law as to

vacant

holdings.

Amendment

of provisions as to

enlargements.

Amendment

of provisions as to

Ch. 44. Small Landholders and 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

in replacement of existing buildings or otherwise, provide c

such assistance by way of loan subject to the like conditions and incidents as loans made under section seven

of the said Act, and, if made to a landholder, subject

also to the provisions of section eight of the said Act.

(2) The power conferred on the Department by

section nine of the Act of 1911 to provide assistance to

landholders or cottars for the purposes therein specified shall be deemed to include and always to have included power to supply for payment in cash building or other materials to landholders or cottars to be used by them for the purposes aforesaid.

6. Section seventeen of the Act of 1911 shall be

amended by leaving out the words from " if the Land

Court " to " may prescribe "; and by inserting after the

words " or to a new holder " the following words " and

" the Board shall have in regard to any such holding the

" like powers as if the holding had been included in a

" scheme made and confirmed under section seven of

" the Act of 1911, as amended by section nine of the

" Act of 1919, at such rent as the Board may fix,

" provided that the Board shall pay to the landlord, in

" lieu of the compensation provided by the said section

" as so amended, compensation to such amount as,

" failing agreement, may be determined by the Land

" Court in respect of any damage or injury arising out

" of any alteration as regards the rent payable for or

" the terms and conditions of occupancy of the holding."

7. Notwithstanding anything in section sixteen of the Act of 1911, as amended by section eleven of the

Act of 1919, or in any of the enactments therein referred

to, it shall not be necessary in any order confirming a

scheme for the enlargement of holdings to include the

names of the landholders applying for enlargement or

the areas or rents of their existing holdings if the order

specifies the locality from which the application has been

received and the land which is available and, when any

such order has been made, the Department may make

such order as may be necessary for assigning the land to

the landholders.

8. —(1) The occupation by a landlord, for the

purpose of personally residing thereon, of a holding

1931. Small Landholders and Cu. 44. 301

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

being bis only landed estate, shall not be a reasonable Part I.

purpose in respect of which the Land Court may cont -

authorise resumption by the landlord of a holding. resumption

J ° of holdings.

(2) The words in section nineteen of the Act of 1911,

from " the feuing, " to " estate or, " and the word

"respectively, " are hereby repealed, and the reference

in paragraph (15) of section thirty-two of the said Act to

the said section nineteen shall be construed accordingly.

9. For the purposes of the Landholders’ Acts the Meaning of

expression "predecessors in the same family" means "predeces-

in relation to a landholder or a cottar the wife or husband sors the

of such landholder or cottar and any person to whom f*y v

such landholder or cottar, or the wife or husband of such

landholder or cottar might, failing nearer heirs, have

succeeded in case of intestacy.

10. —(1) The Land Court shall on the application Record of

of the Department, the landlord or the landholder make a holding

record specifying the condition of the cultivation of the

holding and of the buildings and other permanent

improvements thereon, and by whom such permanent

improvements have been executed or paid for.

(2) Any application under this section shall be

intimated by the Land Court to the other parties concerned and each party shall be given an opportunity of

being heard upon any matter affecting the record of the

holding.

11 . W here a landholder has given notice of renun- Assessment

ciation of his tenancy, and such notice has become °* compen-

effeetive in terms of section seven of the Act of 1886, as

amended by section eighteen of the Act of 1911, it shall ments'pi-ior

be competent for the Land Court, on the joint application to renun-

of the landholder and the landlord or, where the land- ciation.

holder’s rights to compensation for permanent improvements have been transferred in whole or in part to the

Department under section eight of the Act of 1911, on

the joint application of the Department and the landlord,

to assess, prior to the renunciation, the amount which

will become due by the landlord, on renunciation, in

respect of compensation for permanent improvements

under section eight of the Act of 1886, and the amount so

assessed shall, on renunciation, become due accordingly.

302

Part I.

— cont.

Amendment

of ss. 8 and

9 of Act of

1886.

Compensation on

resumption

of statutory

small

tenant’s

holding.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 10.

Option to

statutory

small

tenant to

become

landholder

Ch. 44. Small Landholders and 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

12. Nothing in paragraph (c) of the proviso to

section eight or to section nine of the Act of 1886 shall

be deemed to exclude a claim for compensation under

either of the said sections for an improvement executed

in virtue of a specific agreement in waiting unless the

landholder or cottar has received, by way of reduction

of rent or otherwise, fair consideration for the improvement.

13. Where, in pursuance of subsection (15) of

section thirty-two of the Act of 1911, the Land Court

authorise the resumption in whole or in part of the

holding of a statutory small tenant, such tenant shall

be entitled, in addition to the compensation specified

in the said subsection, to the like compensation for

disturbance as would be payable under the Agricultural

Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, to a tenant to whom

notice to quit, or notice of intention to resume part of the holding, as the case may be, is given.

14. In the Landholders’ Acts the word "holding"

shall, in addition to the holdings mentioned in section

two of the Act of 1911, include as from the date hereinafter

mentioned every holding which at the commencement

of this Act is held by a statutory small tenant and the

w r ord " landholder " shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that this section shall not apply in the

case of any statutory small tenancy unless, not later than

one month prior to the expiry of the period of tenancy

current at the commencement of this Act or of any

subsequent period of tenancy, the tenant serves on the

landlord of the holding written notice that he desires that

this section shall apply, and the date hereinbefore referred

to shall be the expiry of the period of tenancy current

when such notice was served:

Provided further that, if within one month after the

service on a landlord of such a notice as aforesaid the

landlord lodges with the Land Court an undertaking in

writing that the tenant shall have the same rights to

compensation for permanent improvements as if he were

a landholder, the Land Court shall, after intimation to

the tenant, direct such undertaking to be recorded in the

Landholders Holdings Book, and the undertaking shall

be recorded accordingly, and thereupon the tenant shall

be deemed as regards the rights aforesaid but in no other

respect to be a landholder.

1931. Small Landholders and Ch. 44.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

15. The Department shall have as regards dwelling-

houses or other buildings the like power to provide

assistance to landholders by way of gift as they have

under subsection (7) of section seven of the Act of 1911

as regards execution of other works, and accordingly

the said subsection shall have effect as if the words

" except as regards dwelling-houses or other buildings "

were omitted therefrom.

16. —(1) The subsection which is by section nine

of the Act of 1919 directed to be substituted for subsection (9) of section seven of the Act of 1911 (which

requires notice of intention to prepare a scheme to be

given to the landlord of land to be comprised therein),

shall be amended by the substitution in paragraph (a)

of the proviso of the words "twelve months " for the

words " six months."

(2) A person shall not be entitled to compensation

under the subsection which is by section nine of the

Act of 1919 directed to be substituted for subsection (11)

of section seven of the Act of 1911. unless he intimates

a claim therefor within twenty-eight days after the

notification to him under the first mentioned subsection

of the order confirming the scheme or unless the Land

Court shall be of opinion that his failure to do so was

in the circumstances due to reasonable cause.

17. Section eleven of the Act of 1911 shall apply to

buildings or other premises erected on a holding by or

for a landholder whether a new holder or not, and the

said section shall have effect as if the word "landholder"

were substituted for the words "new holder":

Provided that, where any such buildings or premises

were erected prior to the date when the rent payable

at the commencement of this Act was fixed by the

Land Court or agreed on by the parties, this section

shall not operate to transfer from the landlord to the

landholder any duty or liability until the arrival of the

first term after the commencement of this Act as from

which the rent payable can be altered by agreement

or by the Land Court.

18. The following words shall be added at the

end of paragraph (4) of section thirty-two of the Act

of 1911, "unless he himself shall have given written

303

Part I.

— cont.

Amendment

of s. 7 (7) of

Act of 1911.

Amendments of

s. 7 of Act

of 1911.

Amendment

of s. 11 of

Act of 1911.

Amendment

of s. 32 (4) of

Act of 1911.

304

Part I.

— cont.

Amendment

of s. 10 of

Act of 1919.

Amendment

of s. 16 of

Act of 1919.

Land within

burghs.

Renunciation of

tenancies.

Killing and

taking of

ground

game on

common

grazing.

43 & 44 Vict

c. 47.

Ch. 44. Small Landholders and 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

" notice to the landlord that he is to terminate his -

" tenancy."

19. Section ten of the Act of 1919, which relates

to the erection of fences, shall he amended by the

omission of the words from " as may be necessary " to

" in the scheme, " and by the substitution therefor of the words "as the usual and reasonable practice of

" agriculture and estate management may require in

" the conditions."

20. The power conferred on the Department by

section sixteen of the Act of 1919 to make or guarantee

advances to land banks and to the societies therein

mentioned shall include power to make or guarantee

advances to associations approved by the Department

having for their object or one of their objects the taking

over and management of sheep stocks on common

grazings.

21. Section fifteen of the Act of 1919 and for the

purposes of subsection (4) of section twenty-six of the

Act of 1911, paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of that

section shall be read and construed as if the words

" or police " were substituted for the words "police

or municipal."

22. Notwithstanding anything contained in section

seven of the Act of 1886 and section eighteen of the Act

of 1911 a new holder or his statutory successor shall not

be entitled otherwise than by agreement to renounce

his tenancy except at a term of Whitsunday if the holder’s

entry was at Whitsunday or at a term of Martinmas if

his entry was at Martinmas.

23. —(1) Notwithstanding anything contained in the

Ground Game Act, 1880, it shall be lawful for the landholders interested in a common grazing or in a part of a

common grazing which has been apportioned under

subsection (5) of section twenty-four of the Act of 1911—-

(i) to appoint not more than two of their number;

and

(ii) to authorise in writing one person bona fide

employed by them for reward;

to kill and take ground game on the common grazing or

the part thereof, as the case may be.

1931. Small Landholders and Ch. 41.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

(2) For the purposes of the Ground Game Act, 1880,

any person appointed in pursuance of the foregoing

subsection shall be deemed to be the occupier of the

common grazing or the part thereof, as the case may be,

provided that lie shall not have the right to authorise

any other person to kill and take ground game, and any

person authorised in pursuance of the foregoing subsection shall be deemed to have been authorised by the

occupier of the common grazing or the part thereof, as

the case may be, to kill and take ground game with

firearms or otherwise.

24. Section fourteen of the Act of 1886, which

makes provision for deduction from rent in certain cases,

shall cease to have effect.

25. Any contract or agreement made by a landholder

by virtue of which he is deprived of any right conferred on him by any provision of the Landholders Acts

shall to that extent be void unless the contract or agreement is approved by the Land Court.

26. —(1) In this Part of this Act—

" the Act of 1886" means the Crofters Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1886;

" the Act of 1911" means the Small Landholders

(Scotland) Act, 1911;

" the Act of 1919" means the Land Settlement

(Scotland) Act, 1919;

" the Landholders Acts" means the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1919, and

this Part of this Act.

(2) This Part of this Act shall be construed as one

with the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to

1919.

Part II.

Amendment oe Agricultural Holdings (Scotland)

Acts.

27. The First Schedule to this Act shall be substituted for the First Schedule to the Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1923, hereafter in this Act referred to as

the principal Act.

305

Part I.

— coni .

Repeal of

s. 14 of

49 & 50 Vict

c. 29.

Avoidance of

agreement

inconsistent

with the

Landholders

Acts.

Construction.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 29.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 49.

9 & 10 Geo.5.

c. 97.

Amendment

of principal

Act as to compensation for

improvements.

u

300

Ch. 44.

Part IT.

— cant.

Amendment

of s. 3 of

principal

Act.

Compensation in

respect of

temporary

pasture.

.Amendment

of s. 10 of

principal

Act.

Small Landholders and 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931. *

28. — (1) Subsection (1) of section three of the

principal Act (which subsection requires notice to be

given to the landlord as to certain improvements) shall

be amended by the substitution of six months for three

months and of three months for two months.

(2) Where the landlord of a holding to whom

notice has been given by the tenant under subsection (1)

of section three of the principal Act of intention to

execute an improvement, gives notice to the tenant

within one month after receiving the aforesaid notice

that he objects to the making of the improvement or to

the manner in which the tenant proposes to do the

intended work, the matter may be referred on the

application of either party to the Department who shall

determine the same, and in any case where the landlord

has so given notice of objection compensation shall not

be payable in respect of the improvement unless the

Department are satisfied that it ought to be carried out,

and where the Department prescribe the manner in which

it shall be carried out, unless it is carried out in accordance therewith.

29. Where the tenant of' a holding claims compensation in respect of temporary pasture laid down in

accordance with paragraph (29) of Part III of the First

Schedule to this Act, and the laying down or the leaving

at the termination of the tenancy of such pasture is in

contravention of the provisions of the lease or of any

agreement made by the tenant respecting the method of

cropping the arable lands, the tenant shall be entitled

to compensation notwithstanding any such contravention

but in ascertaining the amount thereof the arbiter shall

take into consideration any injury to or deterioration

of the holding due to such contravention except in so

far as the landlord shall have recovered damages in

respect of such injury or deterioration.

30. Section ten of the principal Act shall in its

application to any case where the lease has been entered

into after the commencement of this Act have effect

as if the following subsection were added thereto :—-

"(2) This section shall not apply unless a

record of the condition of the holding has been

made under this Act or in respect of any matter

arising before the date of the record so made."

1931. Small Landholders and Ch. 44.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

307

31. Paragraph (b) of subsection (7) of section twelve Part II.

of the principal Act (which section relates to eompen- —rant.

sation for disturbance) shall cease to have effect as Amendment

regards tenancies terminating more than one month of s. 12 of

after the commencement of this Act. Act

32. The following provision shall be substituted for Amendment

subsection (1) of section fifteen of the principal Act of principal

(which relates to matters to be referred to arbitration):— A - ot a3 to

matters

"(1) Any question or difference between the referred to

landlord and the tenant of a holding arising out arbitration,

of any claim by the tenant against the landlord

for compensation under this Act or any Act by

this Act repealed, or out of any claim by either

party against the other for breach of contract or

otherwise in respect of the holding or out of any

claim by the landlord against the tenant for waste

wrongly committed or permitted by the tenant, or

as to the construction of the lease, and any other

question or difference of any kind whatsoever between the landlord and the tenant arising out of the tenancy or in connection with the holding

(not being a question or difference as to liability

for rent) shall, whether such question or difference

arises during the currency or on the termination

of the tenancy, be determined by arbitration."

33. Subsection (1) of section seventeen of the Amendment

principal Act (which relates to the constitution of a of principal

panel of arbiters) shall be amended by the addition of At j t, as to

the words "after consultation with the Board " after ar , l ers '

the words "Lord President of the Court of Session."

34. Any question of difference between the land- Determina-

lord and the tenant of a holding which, under the principal tion of

Act or this Act, or under the lease is referred to arbitra- Courtf

tion may, if the landlord and the tenant so agree, in lieu j n p uu ri f

of being determined in pursuance of subsection (1) of arbitration,

section sixteen of the principal Act, be determined by the

Land Court, and the Land Court shall, on the joint

application of the landlord and the tenant, determine

such question or difference accordingly.

35.—(1) Where under any section of the principal Determina-

Act or of this Act any matter is referred to the decision tion of mat -

of the Department, such section shall in its application

308

Part II.

— cont.

belonging to

Department.

Application

of Small

Landholders

Acts to

questions

referred to

Land Court

under this Act.

Provision

for case

where part

of holding

resumed

without

notice.

Application

of sums

recovered

under fire

insurance

policy.

Ch. 44. Small Landholders and 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

to a holding of which the Department are themselves th<

landlord have effect as if there were substituted foi

the Department, in the case of a holding which does not

exceed fifty acres, or the rent of which does not exceed

fifty pounds, the Land Court and, in the case of any other

holding, an arbiter, and any provision in any such section

for an appeal to an arbiter from the decision of the

Department shall not apply.

(2) The provisions of the principal Act as amended

by this Act shall apply to any arbitration in pursuance

of the foregoing subsection or with regard to a holding

of which the Department are themselves the landlord,

with the substitution of the sheriff for the Department.

36. Where under this Act any question or difference

is required to be determined by the Land Court, the

provisions of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts,

1886 to 1919, with regard to the Land Court, shall with any necessary modifications apply for the purposes of

such determination, in like manner as they apply for

the purpose of the determination by the Land Court of

matters referred to them under the last mentioned Acts.

37. Where a landlord of a holding, in pursuance

of a provision in that behalf contained in the lease,

resumes possession of any part of the holding without

giving notice of his intention so to do, the provisions

of paragraphs (6) and (c) (exclusive of the proviso thereto)

of section thirty of the principal Act shall apply in like

manner as if notice to quit had been given under the

said section with regard to the part of the holding so

resumed, provided that in assessing the compensation

payable to the tenant, and the reduction of rent, any

benefit or relief allowed to the tenant under the lease in

respect of the resumption shall be taken into consideration.

38. Where the tenant of a holding is liable in

payment of the whole or any part of the premium due

under a fire insurance policy in the name of the landlord

over any buildings or other subjects included in the lease

of the holding and the landlord recovers any sum under

such policy in respect of the destruction of, or damage

to, the buildings or other subjects by fire, he shall be

bound, unless the tenant otherwise agrees, to expend such

sum on the rebuilding, repair, or restoration of the

1931. Small Landholders and Ch. 44.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

309

buildings or subjects so destroyed or damaged in such

manner as may be agreed or as may be determined, failing

agreement, by the Department.

39. — (1) The following paragraph shall be substituted

for paragraph 5 of the Second Schedule to the principal

Act:—

" 5. The arbiter shall make and sign his award

within two months of his appointment or within

such longer period as may, either before or after

the expiry of the aforesaid period be agreed to in

writing by the parties, or be fixed by the Board."

(2) The following paragraph shall be added after

paragraph fifteen of the Second Schedule to the principal

Act:—-

" 15a. It shall not be lawful to include in the

expenses of and incidental to the arbitration and

award, or to charge against any of the parties, any

sum payable in respect of remuneration or expenses

to any person appointed by the arbiter to act as

clerk or otherwise to assist him in the arbitration

unless such appointment was made after submission of the claim and answers to the arbiter

and with either the consent of the parties to the

arbitration or the sanction of the sheriff."

40. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing

provisions of this Act, the compensation in respect of an

improvement made or begun before the commencement

of this Act shall be such (if any) as could have been

claimed if this Act had not passed.

Part III.

41. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931,

and the Small Landholders Acts, 1886 to 1919, and

Part I of this Act may be cited together as the Small

Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1931, and the

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923, and Part II

of this Act may be cited as the Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Acts, 1923 and 1931.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Second

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule.

Part II.

— cont.

Amendment

of Second

Schedule to

principal

Act.

Improvements executed prior

to commencement

of this Act.

Citation.

.310

Sections 27

and 29.

Cit. 44. Small Landholders and 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Improvements to which Consent of Landlord is

RE QUIRED •

(1) Erection, alteration, or enlargement of buildings.

(2) Laying down of permanent pasture.

(3) Making and planting of osier bods.

(4) Making of water meadows or works of irrigation.

(5) Making of gardens.

(6) Planting of orchards or fruit bushes.

(7) Protecting young fruit trees.

(8) Warping or weiring of land.

(9) Making of embankments and sluices against floods.

[N.B.—This part is subject as to market gardens to the

provisions of the Third Schedule.]

Part II.

Improvements in respect of which Notice to

Landlord is required.

(10) Drainage.

(11) Formation of silos.

(12) Making or improvement of roads or bridges.

(13) Making or improvement of watercourses, ponds or wells,

or of works for the application of water power or for the supply

of water for agricultural or domestic purposes.

(14) Making or removal of permanent fences.

(15) Reclaiming of waste land.

(16) Repairing or renewal of embankments and sluices

against floods.

(17) Provision of sheep dipping accommodation.

(18) The provision of electrical equipment other than move-

able fittings and appliances.

1031. Small Landholders and Cii. 44,

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

311

Part III.

Improvements in respect oe which Consent of or

Notice to Landlord is not required.

(20) Chalking of land.

(21) Clay-burning.

(22) Claying of land or spreading blaes upon land.

(23) Liming of land.

(24) Marling of land.

(25) The eradication of bracken, whins, or gorse growing on

a farm at the commencement of a tenancy and in the case of

arable land the removal of tree roots, boulders, stones or other

like obstacles to cultivation.

(26) Application to land of purchased artificial or other

purchased manure.

(27) Consumption on the holding by cattle, sheep, or pigs,

or by horses other than those regularly employed on the holding,

of corn, cake, or other feeding stuff not produced on the holding.

(28) Consumption on the holding by cattle, sheep, or pigs,

or by horses other than those regularly employed on the holding,

of corn proved by satisfactory evidence to have been produced

and consumed on the holding.

(29) Laying down temporary pasture with clover, grass,

lucerne, sainfoin, or other seeds, sown more than two years

prior to the termination of the tenancy, in so far as the value

of the temporary pasture on the holding at the time of quitting

exceeds the value of the temporary pasture on the holding at the

commencement of the tenancy for which the tenant did not pay

compensation.

(30) Repairs to buildings, being buildings necessary for the

proper cultivation or working of the holding, other than repairs

which the tenant is himself under an obligation to execute:

Provided that the tenant, before beginning to execute any

such repairs, shall give to the landlord notice in writing of his

intention, together with particulars of such repairs, and shall not execute the repairs unless the landlord fails to execute them

within a reasonable time after receiving such notice.

1st Sch.

— cent.

ni2

Section 41.

Offices of

clerk of

county

Ch. 44, 45. Small Landholders and 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

49 & 50 Vict.

The Crofters Holdings

Section fourteen.

c. 29.

(Scotland) Act. 1886.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

The Small Landholders

In subsection (7) of section

c. 49.

(Scotland) Act, 1911.

seven the words "(except as

" regards dwelling-houses or

" other buildings)."

In section seventeen the words

from " if the Land Court " to

" may prescribe."

In section nineteen the words

from " the feuing " to

" estate or " and the word

" respectively."

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

The Agricultural Hold-

Subsection (1) of section

c. 10.

ings (Scotland) Act,

fifteen.

1923.

The First Schedule-

Paragraph 5 of the Second

Schedule.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to amend the law relating to the offices of

clerk of the county council and clerk of the

peace of counties and to persons holding those

offices, and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

The Offices of Clerk of the County Council and

Cleric of the Peace.

1. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the office

of clerk of the county council and the office of clerk

1931. Locd Government (Clerks) Cm. 45. 313

Act, 1931.

of the peace of the county shall in every county be council and

distinct and separate offices, and so much of section clerk of

eighty-three of the Local Government Act, 1888, as P eace tobe

requires the clerk of the peace of a county to be also the 6

clerk of the county council shall cease to have effect, but 51 & 52 Vict,

any person holding office as clerk of the peace and c. 41.

county council of any county immediately before the

passing of this Act shall continue to hold both those

offices notwithstanding the separation thereof.

2.—(1) On a vacancy occurring in the office of Appoint-

clerk of a county council, a person to fill the vacancy ment -

shall be appointed by the county council.

(2) Before appointing any person to fill the office of

clerk of the county council, the council shall ascertain

whether he would be willing to accept the office of clerk

of the peace of the county, and shall have regard to his

fitness to perform the duties of that office, and shall for

that purpose consult the chairman, or, in his absence,

the deputy chairman, of quarter sessions for the county.

(3) On the occurrence of any vacancy in the office

of clerk of the peace of the county, the county council

shall give notice in w riting to the court of quarter sessions

for the county, notifying that court whether the person

appointed to be clerk of the county council would be

willing to accept the office of clerk of the peace.

(4) On a vacancy occurring hi the office of clerk of the peace of a county, a person to fill the vacancj 7 shall,

subject as hereinafter provided, be appointed by the

court of quarter sessions for the county:

Provided that, if notice has been given under the last

foregoing subsection that the clerk of the county council

would be willing to accept the office of clerk of the peace

of the county, he shall, unless the court of quarter

sessions, within the period of six months next after_the

vacancy occurs or within such further period as the

Secretary of State may, on the application of that court,

by order allow, appoints some other person to be clerk of the peace, be deemed as from the expiration of that

period to have been appointed clerk of the peace by that

court.

314

Salaries and

remuneration.

Ch. 45. Local Government (Clerics) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

3.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, every *

county council shall pay out of the county fund—

(a) to the clerk of the county council such salary

as may from time to time be determined by

the county council, subject to the approval of the Minister; and

(b) to the clerk of the peace of the county such salary

as may from time to time be determined by

the court of quarter sessions or, in the event

of an appeal from any such determination

being made to the Secretary of State by the

county council or by any clerk of the peace

holding office at the date of the determination,

by the Secretary of State:

Provided that, so long as any person, being a person

who was holding office as clerk of the peace and county

council immediately before the passing of this Act,

continues to hold those offices, a single salary shall be

payable to him in respect of both offices and that

salary shall continue to be regulated by any order made

in that behalf by the Secretary of State under the

enactments repealed by this Act and in force at the

passing of this Act, so, however, that—

(1) the amount fixed as the salary of a clerk by any

such order shall, as from the date of the passing

of this Act, be reduced by such amount, if any,

as may within six months after that date be

determined by the Secretary of State, after

considering any recommendation made by the

joint committee, to represent provision made

by the order for the remuneration of any deputy

clerk or of any person in the employment of the clerk for (he purposes of any office held by

him as such clerk; and

(ii) any such order may be varied by the Secretary

of State upon receiving at any time a recommendation from the joint committee that the

amount of the salary should be reconsidered.

(2) The salary paid to a clerk of the county council

shall be deemed to be remuneration for all business

which he may, by reason of his office as clerk of the

county council, be called on to perform, and all fees and

1031. Local Government (Clerics) Cfi. 45. 315

Act, 1931.

costs payable to the clerk of the county council, except

any fees and costs expressly excluded when his salary

is determined, shall, in accordance with such directions

as may be given by the county council, be accounted

for and paid to the county fund.

In this subsection the expression "fees and costs "

does not include any sums payable to the clerk of a

county council in respect of the registration of electors

or as charges or fees in respect of services and expenses

in connection with the conduct of parliamentary elections, except such as are payable to him for his personal

remuneration under section fifteen of the Representation 7 & 8 Gen. r>,

of the People Act, 1918, as registration expenses, or c. 64.

under section twenty-nine of that Act.

(3) The salary paid to a clerk of the peace shall be

deemed to be remuneration for all business which he may

by reason of his office as clerk of the peace be called on

to perform, and all fees and costs payable to the clerk of the peace, except any fees and costs expressly excluded

when his salary is determined, shall, in accordance with

such directions as may be given by the county council,

be accounted for and paid to the county fund; and in

the enactments relating to such fees and costs references

to the joint committee shall be substituted for references

to the quarter sessions and the local authority respectively, only as respects cases where the offices of clerk of the peace and of the county council continue to be held

by a person holding office as clerk of the peace and

county council immediately before the passing of this Act:

Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall

be without prejudice to the provisions of section eleven

of the Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1858 (which relate to 21 & 22 Vict,

the appointment and remuneration of deputies for the c. 73.

purpose of a second court of quarter sessions).

(4) For the purposes of the last two foregoing subsections, the salary payable to any person who was holding

office as clerk of the peace and county council immediately before the passing of this Act in respect of both

these offices shall be deemed to be payable to him in

respect of each office.

4. — (1) If any person holding office both as clerk of Tenure and

the county council and as clerk of the peace of any vacation of

omce.

316 Ch. 45. Local Government (Clerks) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

comity voluntarily resigns either of those offices he shall, 1

whether appointed before or after the passing of this Act, be deemed thereby to vacate the other office.

(2) The office of clerk of a county council and the

office of clerk of the peace of a county shall be vacant

upon the holder of the office becoming incapable, by

reason of permanent ill-health or infirmity of mind or

body, of discharging with efficiency the duties of his

office or, if he is the holder of both offices, of either

office, or, subject as hereinafter provided, upon his

attaining the age of sixty-five years, whichever event

first occurs:

Provided that the office of a clerk - shall not, by

reason of the foregoing provisions of this section, be

vacated upon his attaining the age of sixty-five years—

(a) in the case of a clerk of the peace who is not

also the holder of the office of clerk of the

county council;

(b) in fhe case of a clerk appointed before the

passing of this Act, unless and until on attaining

that age or at any time thereafter he is required

to vacate office by notice in writing from the

joint committee;

(c) in the case of a clerk appointed after the

passing of this Act who is the holder of both

offices, if and so long as the period of each

of these offices is, with his consent, extended

by resolutions passed for the purpose by the

authorities having power under this Act to fill

vacancies in those offices;

(d) in the case of a clerk of the county council appointed after the passing of this Act who is not

also the holder of the office of clerk of the peace,

if and so long as the period of his office is, with

his consent, extended by a resolution passed for

the purpose by the county council.

No such resolution as is mentioned in paragraph (c) or (d) of the foregoing proviso shall

extend the period of office of any clerk for more

than one year at a time.

(3) Where the office of clerk of the county council

or the office of clerk of the peace of the county has been

1931. Local Government (Clerks) Ch. 45. 317

* Act, 1931.

Vacated by any person by reason of the foregoing provisions of this section, that person shall not be eligible for

reappointment to either of those offices.

(4) The provisions of subsection (3) of section six

of the Local Government and other Officers’ Superannua- 12 & 13

tion Act, 1922 (hereinafter referred to as " the Act of Geo. 5 c. 59.

1922 ") except the second proviso to that subsection,

shall, as respects clerks of county councils and clerks of the peace of counties, cease to have effect, and references

in the said second proviso to an " extended period "

shall be construed as references to a period extended

under the foregoing provisions of this section.

(5) If upon due examination the court of quarter

sessions for any county is satisfied that the clerk of the

peace of the county has been guilty of misconduct in the

execution of his office or of such other misconduct as

in the opinion of that court renders him an unfit or

improper person to hold the office of clerk of the peace,

the court may dismiss him from his office and thereupon

the office shall become vacant, so, however, that any

person so dismissed by order of a court of quarter

sessions on the ground of misconduct otherwise than in

the execution of his office may appeal to the High Court.

As respects any clerk of the peace and county

council appointed before the passing of this Act,

this subsection shall have effect as if for references

therein to a court of quarter sessions there were substituted references to the joint committee, and for the

purposes of the application of this subsection to any

such clerk the offices of clerk to the county council and

of clerk of the peace shall, notwithstanding anything in

section one of this Act, be deemed to be one office.

(6) A clerk of a county council appointed after the

passing of this Act shall, subject to the foregoing

provisions of this section and to the terms of any agreement as to notice made between him and the county

council, hold office during the pleasure of the county

council, so, however, that no such clerk shall be

dismissed from his office without the consent in writing

of the Minister.

(7) A clerk of the peace and county council

appointed before the passing of this Act and a clerk of.

the peace appointed after the passing of this Act shall.

318 Ch. 45. Local Government (Clerks) 21 & 22 CIeo. 5.

Act, 1931.

subject to the provisions of this section, hold office *

during good behaviour.

Consequential Provisions.

Provisions 5. — (1) The powers and duties of a clerk of the

as to powers county council shall, subject to the provisions of any

and as to S enactments relating thereto, be exercised and performed

county n accor dance with such directions as may be given by

records. the county council, and accordingly paragraph (6) of

section eighty-three of the Local Government Act, 1888,

shall have effect as if for the words "clerk of the peace "

where those words first occur therein there were substituted

the words "clerk of the county council."

(2) The powers and duties of a clerk of the peace of

a county shall, subject to the provisions of any enactment

relating thereto, be exercised and performed in accordance with such directions as may be given by the court

of quarter sessions.

(3) Without prejudice to the enactment contained

in proviso (a) to subsection (1) of section sixty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888, and to the power of the custos rotulorum to give directions as to records and

documents of any county, the records and documents

of every county and all other records and documents

which, at the passing of this Act, are in the custody of the clerk of the peace and county council of the county,

shall, so far as they relate to the administrative business

of the county after the first day of April, eighteen hundred

and eighty-nine, be in the custody of the clerk of the

county council, and the records and documents of every

county shall, so far as they relate to the business of

quarter sessions and to judicial business generally, be

in the custody of the clerk of the peace.

(4) The clerk of every county council shall be, by

virtue of his office, clerk of the joint committee.

Deposit of

plans, &c.

with clerks

of county

councils.

6.— (1) In any case in which any map, plan or other

document of any description is deposited with the clerk

of a county council pursuant to the Standing Orders of

Parliament or to any Act or rules or regulations made

under any Act or by any Government Department there

shall be paid to that clerk in respect thereof by the person

making the deposit such fees as may be provided by a

1931. Local Government (Clerks) Ch. 45. 319

Act, 1931.

"scale prescribed by the council and approved by the Minister.

(2) The provisions of section two of the Parliamentary 7 Will.4. and

Documents Deposit Act, 1837 (which, as adapted by l Vict. c. 83.

paragraph (6) of section eighty-three of the Local

Government Act, 1888, relates to the inspection of

certain documents deposited with clerks of county

councils), shall be extended so as to apply to all maps,

plans and other documents which are so deposited with

the clerk of a county council as aforesaid.

Deputies and Staff.

7. — (1) Paragraph (4) of section eighty-three of Appoint-

the Local Government Act, 1888 (which relates to the ment, reappointment, powers and duties of deputy clerks), shall mu neration,

have effect as if for references therein to the joint

committee there were substituted as respects clerks and d epu ty

deputy clerks of a county council references to the clerks,

county council, and as respects clerks and deputy clerks

of the peace of any county references to the court of

quarter sessions.

(2) Every county council shall pay out of the county

fund—

(a) to any deputy clerk of the county council, such

salary as may from time to time be determined

by the council; and

(b) to any deputy clerk of the peace of the county,

such remuneration as may from time to time be

determined by the court of quarter sessions, or,

in the event of an appeal from any such determination being made to the Secretary of State

by the count} 7’council, by the Secretary of

State.

(3) Any deputy clerk appointed before the passing

of this Act under the provisions of paragraph (4)

of section eighty-three of th" Local Government Act,

1888, shall be deemed to have been appointed under

the said provisions as amended by this section to be

deputy clerk of the county council and deputy clerk of the peace upon the same terms as respects notice as the

terms upon which he was so appointed as aforesaid, and

upon such terms as to his remuneration in respect of each

320 Ch. 45. Local Government (Clerks) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

office as will entitle him to receive in respect of both '

offices remuneration equivalent to that received by him

in respect thereof immediately before the passing of this Act, the remuneration in respect of each office

being apportioned, where necessary, in such manner as

may be determined by the joint committee.

6 Edw. 7. (4) The provisions of the Recorders, Stipendiary

c. 46. Magistrates and Clerks of the Peace Act, 1906, shall

apply to the office of clerk of the county council as they

apply to the office of clerk of the peace, and for the

purposes of subsection (1) of section one of that Act

and of subsection (1) of section one hundred and

eighteen of the Local Government Act, 1888, a person

holding office as clerk of the peace and county council

of any county immediately before the passing of this Act who also held office as such on the first day

of April, eighteen hundred and eighty-nine, shall so long

as he continues to hold those offices be deemed to be the

person having pow er to appoint and remove a deputy

clerk of the county council as well as a deputy clerk of the peace.

Appointment of

staff of

clerks.

8.—(1) Every county council shall appoint to be,

during the pleasure of the council, members of the staff

of the council such officers and servants as they may

think necessary to assist the clerk of the county council

in carrying out his duties as such, other than duties in

relation to the registration of electors and the conduct

of parliamentary elections, and if and so long as the

office of clerk of the peace is held by the clerk of the

county council, in carrying out his duties as clerk of the

peace.

(2) Every county council shall pay out of the county

fund to every officer and servant appointed under this

section such salary as may from time to time be

determined by the council.

(3) Any person who immediately before the passing

of this Act was in the permanent employment of a clerk

of the peace and county council of any county for the

purposes of any office held by him as such clerk, shall

as from the passing of this Act be deemed to have

been appointed under this section an officer or servant

of the county council upon the same terms as respects

remuneration and as respects notice as the terms upon

Ch. 45.

321

1931. Local Government (Clerks)

Act, 1931.

i> which he was employed in such permanent employment

as aforesaid.

(4) The council of any county may assign any officers

or servants to assist the clerk of the county council in

carrying out any of his duties in relation to the registration of electors and the conduct of parliamentary

elections upon such terms as may be agreed between the

council and the clerk.

S up era nnuation.

9. — (1) As respects every clerk of a county council

appointed after the passing of this Act, the following

provisions shall have effect—

(a) if and so long as the county council in whose

service he is have not adopted the Act of

1922, the provisions of that Act, set out with

modifications in Part I. of the First Schedule

to this Act, shall, as so set out, apply in hi3

case;

(b) where the county council in whose service he is

have, whether before or after his appointment

as clerk, adopted the Act of 1922, then the

provisions of Part I. of the First 'Schedule to

this Act shall not apply in his case, and,

for the purposes of the Act of 1922, his office

as clerk of the county council shall be deemed

to be a post designated as an established post,

but he shall not be deemed to have occupied

that post on the appointed day;

(c) in the case of any person who, in addition to

holding office as clerk of the county council

also holds office as clerk of the peace of the

county, his salary as clerk of the county council

shall, for the purposes of determining the

amount of the contributions to be made by

and in respect of him and of calculating the

amount of any superannuation allowance payable to him under the provisions of Part I.

of the First Schedule to this Act or of the

Act of 1922, be deemed to be increased by

an amount equal to his salary as clerk of the peace (including any payments made to

him as such for his own use) so, however,

X

Superannuation

of clerks.

322 Ch. 45. Local Government (Clerks) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

that if any such person holds the office of clerk

of the peace after having been dismissed

from the office of clerk of the county council,

any superannuation allowance payable to him

in respect of any period while he so holds

the office of clerk of the peace shall be of

such amount only as would have been payable

to him if this paragraph had not been applicable

in his case;

(d) the provisions set out in Part II. of the First

Schedule to this Act shall have effect in any

case in winch the Act of 1922 becomes applicable in lieu of the provisions set out in Part I.

of that Schedule and in any case where the

said provisions become applicable in lieu of that

Act;

(e) where any person holding office both as clerk of the county council and as clerk of the peace of

any comity is by reason of his voluntarily

resigning the office of clerk of the peace

deemed under the provisions of this Act thereby

to vacate the office of clerk of the county

council, then, for the purposes of the provisions

of the First Schedule to this Act or of the Act

of 1922 (as the case may be), he shall be

deemed voluntarily to have resigned the office

of clerk of the county council.

(2) As respects every clerk of the peace and county

council appointed before the passing of this Act, the

following pro\isions shall have effect—

(a) as from the passing of this Act the provisions

of the Act of 1922 shall not apply in his case,

but, if contributions have been paid by him.

under that Act, the county council shall pay

to him a sum equal to the amount of the

contributions so paid by him (not being contributions in respect of which a payment by

w T ay of return has previously been made to him),

without any interest thereon;

(b) upon his vacating hii offices (otherwise than in

const quence of any offc nee of a fraudulent

character or of grave misconduct) the county

icm

Local Government (Clerks)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 45.

323

council by whom the remuneration in respect

of his services is payable shall—

(:)if he has attained the age of sixty-five

years; or

(ii) if he has attained the age of sixty

years and completed forty years’ service; or

(iii) if he has completed ten years’ service

and become incapable, by reason of permanent ill-health or infirmity of mind or

body, of discharging the duties of Ids offices

with efficiency,

pay to him during his life out of the county

fund a superannuation allowance calculated in

accordance with the pr< >visit ins contained in the

Second Schedule to this Act.

In this subsection and in the said Second Schedule,

the expression "service" means, in relation to any

person, whole-time or part-time service, after he has

attained the age of eighteen years, being—-

(a) service as clerk of the peace and county council;

or

(b) service before the passing of this Act as a

deputy clerk of the peace and county council

of a county or in the permanent employment

of a clerk of the peace and county council of

a county for the purposes of any office held by

him as such clerk or in the permanent employment of a local authority or in the permanent

employment of an officer of a local authority

for the purposes of the office held by him as

such;

and as respects service after the passing of this Act

means continuous service, and as respects service before

the passing of this Act, means service, whether continuous

or not.

In reckoning for the purposes of this subsection

or for the purposes of the said Second Schedule service

before the passing of this Act, any portion of a year

during which a person has served shall, if it exceeds

six months, be reckoned as a year.

324

Superannuation of

deputies

and staff.

Ch. 45. Local Government (Clerks) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

10.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the Act

of 1922 shall cease to apply in the case of any deputy

clerk of the peace of a county:

Provided that any person who immediately before

the passing of this Act occupied, as deputy clerk of a

county council and deputy clerk of the peace of any

county whereof the council had adopted the Act of

1922, posts designated as established posts for the

purposes of that Act shall, in respect of his service as

deputy clerk of the county council, be deemed to continue

to occupy a post so designated.

(2) Where any person occupying in the service of a

county council of any county whereof the council has

adopted the Act of 1922, a post designated as an established post for the purposes of that Act, also holds office

as deputy clerk of the peace of the county, his salary as

an officer or servant of the county council shall, for the

purposes of determining the amount of the contributions

to be made by and in respect of him and of calculating

the amount of any superannuation allowance payable to

him under the provisions of the Act of 1922, be deemed

to be increased by an amount equal to his remuneration

as deputy clerk of the peace:

Provided that—

(a) if any such person holds the office of deputy

clerk of the peace after having ceased to hold

his office or employment in the service of the county council, any allowance payable to

him in respect of any period while he so holds

the office of deputy clerk of the peace shall

be of such amount only as would have been

payable to him if this subsection had not

been applicable in his case; and

(b) in the event of the resignation or dismissal of

any such person from the office of deputy

clerk of the peace, then, if he continues to

occupy in the service of the county council

a post designated as an established post,

section eleven of the Act of 1922 (which

relates to return of contributions) shall apply

in his case as if in the office of deputy clerk

of the peace he had occupied a post designated

as an established post for the purposes of

1931.

Local Government (Clerks)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 45.

325

that Act in the service of the county council,

hut the sum payable to him thereunder shall

be a sum equal to the amount by which the

contributions made by and in respect of him

have been increased by reason of this subsection, and this subsection shall not apply

for the purpose of calculating any superannuation allowance payable to him on his

ceasing to hold Iris office or employment in

the service of the county council.

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, the Act of

1922 shall cease to apply to any person in the permanent

employment of a clerk of the peace for the purposes of

any office held by him as such clerk:

Provided that any person who immediately before

the passing of this Act was, in the permanent employment of a clerk of the peace and county council

for the purposes of any office held by him as such

clerk, occupying a post designated as an established

post for the purposes of the first mentioned Act by

a county council who had adopted that Act, shall, on

becoming an officer or servant of the county council in

accordance with the provisions of this Act, be deemed to

occupy a post so designated, and accordingly the first

mentioned Act shall continue to apply in his case as if

such employment as aforesaid had been employment in

the service of the county council.

Supplemental.

11.—(1) If any dispute arises as to—

(a) whether any person is to be deemed to have

been appointed under this Act an officer or

servant of a county council on the ground

that lie was immediately before the passing

of this Act in the permanent employment

of a clerk of the peace and county council for

the purposes of an office held by him as such

clerk; or

(b) whether any holder of the office of clerk of a

county council has become incapable by

reason of permanent ill-health or infirmity of

mind or body of discharging with efficiency

Decision

of certain

questions.

326

Ch. 45.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 49.

Powprs and

duties of

court of quarter sessions to

be exercised

and performed

by committee.

Local Government (Clerics) 21 &22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

the duties of that office or, where he is also-

holder of the office of clerk of the peace of the county, of either of those offices; or

(c) the right of any person to a superannuation

allowance or to any return of contributions under this Act, or as to the amount of

any such allowance or contributions;

the dispute shall be referred to the Minister and the

decision of the Minister shall be final.

(2) The Minister may at any stage of the proceedings

under a reference in accordance with the provisions of this section state in the form of a special case for the

opinion of the High Court any question of law arising in

the course of the reference and upon any case being

so stated the Court shall have power to make such order

as to costs as the Court thinks fit, but this provision shall

be without prejudice to the law as to costs payable by

the Crown.

(3) The Minister shall be entitled to appear and be

heard on any proceedings in connection with a case

stated under this section.

(4) If any dispute arises as to whether any holder

of the office of clerk of the peace of a county, not being

also holder of the office of clerk of the county council,

has become incapable by reason of permanent ill-health

or infirmity of mind or body of discharging with

efficiency the duties of his office, the dispute shall be

referred to the Secretary of State, and his decision shall

be final.

(5) The Arbitration Act, 1889, shall not apply to

proceedings under this section.

12.—(1) The powers and duties which are under this Act to be exercised and performed by a court of quarter

sessions shall, except to such extent as the court may

resolve, be exercised and performed by a committee

consisting of the chairman of quarter sessions and of such

other justices as may be appointed by the court of

quarter sessions to be members of the joint committee.

(2) The provisions of subsection (1) of section eighty-

two of the Local Government Act, 1888 (which relate to

proceedings of committees) shall apply in respect of any

committee so constituted as aforesaid as if for references

1931.

Local Government (Clerks)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 45.

327

therein to a county council there were substituted

references to a court of quarter sessions.

13 . — (1)This Act shall, in its application to the

County Palatine of Lancaster, have effect subject to the

following modifications, that is to say:—

(a) for references to the Secretary of State there

shall be substituted references to the Chancellor

of the Duchy of Lancaster;

(b) for the proviso to subsection (1) of section

three, there shall be substituted the following

proviso:

Provided that so long as the person

holding office as clerk of the peace and

county council of the county of Lancaster

immediately before the passing of this Act

continues to hold those offices, a single

salary shall be payable to him in respect

of both offices and that salary shall continue

to be such as may be determined by the

joint committee with the approval of the

Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.

(2) The Lancaster County Clerk Act, 1871, shall

cease to have effect.

14 . — (1)The provisions of subsection (2) of section

four of this Act, relating to the vacation of office on the

ground of age, shall not apply as respects the clerk of the

peace and county council for the County of Middlesex

appointed before the commencement of the Middlesex

County Council (General Powers) Act, 1921.

(2) The provisions of this Act relating to superannuation, except paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section

nine and subsection (2) of section ten of this Act, shall not apply with respect to the county of Middlesex; and

the said paragraph and subsection shall, hi their application to that county, have effect as if for the references

therein to the First Schedule to this Act and to the Act

of 1922 there were substituted references to the Middlesex

County Council Superannuation Acts, 1921 to 1930, and

as if for the references therein to a post designated

as an established post there were substituted references

to a position which constitutes him an "officer" for

the purposes of those Acts.

Application

to l)uchy of

Lancaster.

34 & 35 Vict,

c. 73.

Special

provisions

as to County

of Middlesex.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. xl.

328

Cn. 45.

Interpretation.

Saving as to

Administrative County

of London.

Short title,

extent and

repeal.

Local Government (Clerks)21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

(3) The provisions of the Middlesex County Council '

Superannuation Acts, 1921 to 1930, shall have effect

subject to the modiiications specified in the Third

Schedule to this Act.

15. In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" Contributing service" means service rendered by

a clerk in respect of which he is a contributor

under Part I. of the First Schedule to this Act:

"Joint committee" means the standing joint committee of the quarter sessions and the county

council of any county appointed in accordance

with the provisions of section thirty of the Local

Government Act, 1888:

" Minister" means the Minister of Health:

"Local Authority" has the same meaning as in

the Act of 1922.

16 . Nothing in this Act shall apply with respect to

the Administrative County of London.

17. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Local

Government (Clerks) Act, 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to

Northern Ireland.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the Fourth Schedule

to this Act shall, save in so far as they ext end to the

Administrative County of London, be repealed to the

extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that, notwithstanding the repeal of section

twenty-eight of the Act of 1922, service before the

passing of this Act as a deputy clerk of the peace

of a county or in the permanent employment of a clerk

of the peace of a county for the purposes of any office

held by him as such clerk shall, in reckoning service for

the purposes of the Act of 1922, continue to be treated

os service in the permanent employment of a local

authority, and the definition of "service" contained in

section three of that Act shall have effect accordingly.

1931.

Local Government (Clerks)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 45.

329

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions of the Local Government and other

Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1922, applied

WITH MODIFICATIONS AS RESPECTS CLERKS OF

County Councils appointed after the

PASSING OF THIS ACT.

Part I.

Provisions applicable where 12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 59

IS NOT ADOPTED.

Contributions.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, every clerk

of a county council shall contribute to the county fund an

amount equal to five per cent, of his salary and that amount

shall be deducted from the salary payable to him by the county

council and shall be carried to the credit of, and form part of,

the county fund:

Provided that no such contribution shall be made by any

clerk in respect of service after the date upon which his office

would have become vacant if the period of his office had not been

extended by a resolution of the county council.

(2) No contributions shall be required to be made under

this Part of this Schedule by any clerk who is fifty-five years

of age or more at the date upon which the provisions of this

Part of this Schedule first become applicable in his case, unless

his service or any part of his service with another local authority

is, under the provisions of this Schedule, reckoned as contributing

service.

Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities.

2. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule every clerk

of a county council who—

(a) having completed not less than ten years' contributing

service has become incapable of discharging the duties

of his office with efficiency by reason of permanent

ill-health or infirmity of mind or body; or

Sections 9,

14 and 15.

Clerks to

contribute.

Title to

superannua

tion allowances.

330

1st Sch,

— covt.

Scale of

superannuation allowances.

Gratuities.

Ch. 45. Local Government (Clerks) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

(b) having completed not less than forty years’ contributing

service has attained the age of sixty years; or

(c) having completed not less than ten years’ contributing

service has attained the age of sixty-live years;

shall be entitled, on ceasing to hold his office, to receive from

the county council during his life a superannuation allowance

according to the scale provided by this Schedule.

3. The superannuation allowance to be paid to a person in

accordance with the provisions of this Schedule shall be calculated

in accordance with the following scale, that is to say: In respect

of every year of his contributing service, one-sixtieth of the

average amount of his salary during the five years immediately

preceding the day on w-hieh he ceases to hold his office or attains

the age of sixty-five years, whichever be the earlier:

Provided that—

(i) no service in excess of forty years’ service shall be

reckoned for the purposes of this section; and

(ii) any part of a superannuation allowance which is

calculated by reference to a war bonus or other

similar allowance shall be calculated and liable to

variation in accordance with the rales for the time

being in force with respect to superannuation allow r -

ances of members of His Majesty’s Civil Service.

4. —(1) In any case in which the clerk of a county council

is permanently incapacitated by an injury sustained by him

in the actual discharge of his duty and without his own

default and specifically attributable to the nature of his duty,

the county council may grant to him, subject to such conditions as they may think fit, such gratuity by way either of

a lump sum or of periodical payments as they may consider

reasonable having regard to all the circumstances of the case,

including any statutory right to compensation or any allowance

or gratuity under this Schedule, so, however, that the sums

received by him shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount

of any allowance or gratuity to which he would have been

entitled if he had already attained the age of sixty-five years

at the date when he became incapacitated.

(2) On the retirement from service erf any clerk of a

county council who is not entitled to a superannuation allowance under this Part of this Schedule, the county council

may grant to him such gratuity as they may by resolution

determine, not exceeding a sum equal to twice the amount of

his salary during the year which immediately* precedes his

reth ement.

1931.

Local Government (Clerks)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 45.

331

Return of Contributions.

5. If the clerk of a county council, without having become

entitled to a superannuation allowance, ceases to hold his

office by reason of ill-health, mental infirmity or bodily injury,

he shall be entitled to receive from the county council a sum

equal to the amount of all his contributions to the county fund,

together with compound interest thereon, calculated to the

date on which he ceases to hold his office, at the rate of three

per cent, per annum by half-yearly rests.

6. If the clerk of a county council voluntarily resigns his

office or is dismissed for incapacity (fraud or misconduct not

being alleged) before he has, under the provisions of this

Schedule, become entitled to a superannuation allowance, the

coimty council shall pay to him a sum equal to the amount

of the contributions made by him under this Part of this

Schedule.

7. Notwithstanding anything in the last two foregoing

paragraphs of this Schedule, the county council shall not make

any return of contributions with or without interest in the case

of a clerk in respect of whom a transfer value is paid by the

council in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.

8. —(1) If the clerk of a county council dies before he has

become entitled to or has received a superannuation allowance

under this Part of this Schedule, the county council shall pay

to his legal personal representative a sum equal to the amount

of the contributions made by the clerk under this Part of this

Schedule, together with compound interest thereon calculated

to the date of his death, at the rate of three per cent, per

annum by half-yearly rests.

(2) In any case in which a clerk of a county council, who is a

contributor under this Part of this Schedule, dies after he has

become entitled to a superannuation allowance under this Part

of this Schedule and before he has received by way of superannuation allowance an amount equal in the aggregate to the

amount of his contributions under this Part of this Schedule

together with compound interest thereon calculated to the date

of his retirement at the rate of three per cent, per annum by

half-yearly rests, the county council shall pay to his legal

personal representative the difference between the total amount

which the clerk has received by way of superannuation allowance

and the aggregate amount of his contributions under this Part

of this Schedule, together with compound interest thereon

calculated at the rate and in the, manner aforesaid up to the

date of his retirement.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Return of

contributions

with interest

in certain

cases.

Return of

contributions without

interest in

certain cases.

No return of

contributions where

transfer

value paid.

Return of

contributions in case

of death.

332

1st Sch.

— cont.

Reckoning of

part-time

service.

Extended

service

not to be

reckoned.

Provisions

applicable

in case of

transfer from

service of

local

authority

who have not

adopted

12 <k 13

Geo. 6. c. 69.

Ch. 45. Local Government (Clerks)21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

Reckoning of Service.

9. For the purpose of calculating the superannuation

allowance payable under this Part of this Schedule in respect

of a full-time clerk who has formerly served as a part-time clerk

or other officer or servant, the period of part-time service shall

be treated as though it were whole-time service for a proportionately reduced period.

10. Any service of a clerk after the date upon which his

office would have become vacant if the period of his office had

not been extended by a resolution of the county council shall be

disregarded in calculating any superannuation allowance under

this Part of this Schedule.

Provisions in cases of Transfer.

11.—(1) If a clerk of a county council transfers from his

office having, as the holder thereof, been a contributor to the

county fund under this Part of this Schedule, so as to become,

on transferring, clerk of a county council in whose case the

provisions of this Part of this Schedule apply, the county council

from whose service he transfers shall pay out of the county fund

to the county council of which on transferring he becomes clerk

a transfer value ascertained in accordance with rules to be made

by the Minister, and in that case the clerk shall be entitled to

such rights in respect of contrilmting service before the date of

transfer as he would have been entitled to if that service had

been contributing service with the county council to whom he

has transferred:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply where the clerk

leaves the service of the council, from whose service he transfers,

without the consent of that council or enters the service of the

county council, to whose service he transfers, more than six

months after he left the service of the first mentioned council, so,

however, that any clerk may appeal to the Minister against the

refusal of a county council to give their consent to his leaving

their service, and the Minister, after consult ng the county

council, may give his consent, which shall be equivalent to the

consent of the council.

(2) If any person having been in the service of a local

authority and not having been, in that service, a contributor to

a county fund under this Schedule or a contributor to any superannuation fund established under the Act of 1922, transfers from

that service so as to become within six months after leaving that

service a clerk of a county council in whose case the provisions

of this Part of this Schedule apply, then, if he pays to the county

council of which he so becomes clerk, in lieu of a transfer value.

1931.

Local Government (Clerks)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 45.

333

a sum or sums to be ascertained in accordance with rules to be 1 st Sch.

made by the Minister, he shall, for the purposes of this Part of co, lt -

this Schedule, be entitled to reckon so much of his service with

the local authority as may be prescribed by the rules aforesaid

in relation to the sum or sums so paid by him.

(3) The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply in

the case of any clerk unless, within six months after the transfer,

he satisfies the county council to whose service he transfers that

the circumstances of his transfer are such as to render the said

provisions so applicable.

(4) Any sum or sums paid to a county council under the

foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall be paid into the county

fund.

General.

12. A clerk of a county council who is dismissed or resigns Forfeiture

or otherwise ceases to hold his office in consequence of any for fraud, &c.

offence of a fraudulent character or of grave misconduct shall

forfeit all claim to any superannuation allowance under this Part

of this Schedule:

Provided that the county council may, if they see fit, grant

to him or to his wife or family a sum equal to the amount of all

his contributions under this Part of this Schedule or to such part

thereof as the council may think fit.

13. All superannuation allowances and gratuities granted, Payments

and any payments or expenses made or incurred by the county and expenses

council under or in carrying into execution the provisions of this under

Schedule shall be paid by the council out of the county fund. -x .ii . jjt.

14. At least one month’s notice in writing of any meeting Notice to be

of a county council at which any proposal— given of

(a) to return contributions to a clerk who has been dismissed certain

or resigns or to grant any sum equal to the contributions P ro P osa •

paid by him; or

(b) to make any payment to any clerk who is dismissed or

resigns or otherwise ceases To hold his office in consequence of any offence of a fraudulent character or of

grave misconduct or to the wife or family of any such

clerk; or

(c) to grant a gratuity under this Part of this Schedule;

will be considered, shall be given to every member of the

council.

15. Every superannuation allowance or gratuity granted Superannua-

under the provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall be payable don allow-

to or in trust for the person to whom it is payable under those anc ‘* a ail d

provisions and shall not be assignable or chargeable with the ot ass j lrn .

debts or other liabilities of the person in respect of whom it is able,

paid.

334

Ch. 45.

1st Soh.

—co nr.

Meaning of

" salary."

Provisions

applicable in

case of clerk

in office

when county

council

adopt 12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 59.

Provisions

applicable

in case of

transfer to

a designated

post under

12 & 13

Geo. 6. c. 09.

Provisions

applicable

in case of

transfer from

a designated

post under

12 A 13

Geo. 0. e. 09.

Local Government (Clerics)21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

10. For tile purposes of this Part of this Schedule the

expression " salary" means all salary and other payments paid

or made to any clerk, as such, for his own use.

Part II.

Provisions Applicable where 12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 59.

BECOMES APPLICABLE IN LIETJ OE THE PROVISIONS

oe Part I of this Schedule and where

THE SAID PROVISIONS BECOME APPLICABLE

IN LIEU OF THAT ACT.

1. Where after the passing of this Act a county council

adopt the Act of 1922, then, for the purposes of that

Act, any contributing service within the meaning of this Act,

rendered by the clerk of the county council before the date on

which the Act of 1922 became applicable to him shall be treated

as contributing service within the meaning of that Act, and

contributions paid under Part I of this Schedule shall, for the

purpose of the provisions of the Act of 1922 relating to the

return of contributions, be treated as having been paid under

that Act, and the equal annual charge payable by the council

to the superannuation fund under paragraph (e) of subsection (1)

of section eighteen of that Act shall be increased by such amount

as may be certified by an actuary within the meaning of that

Act to represent the additional burden imposed on the fund by

the application of that Act to the said clerk.

2. If a clerk of a county council transfers from his office,

having, as the holder thereof, been a contributor to the coimty

fund under Part I of this Schedule, to any service in which on

transferring he becomes a contributor to a superannuation fund

established under the Act of 1922, the county council from whose

service he transfers shall pay out of the county fund a transfer

value, ascertained in accordance with rules to be made by the Minister, to the local authority to whose superannuation fund

the clerk becomes a contributor, and the provisions of the

Act aforesaid shall apply in his case as they apj>ly in the

case of an officer transferring from the service of one local

authority who have adopted that Act to a designated post in

the service of another local authority who have adopted that

Act.

3. —(1) If any person, having been in the service of a local

authority and having been, in that service, a contributor to a

superannuation fund established under the Act of 1922, transfers

from that service, so as to become, on transferring, a clerk of

a county council in whose case the provisions of Part I of this

Schedule apply, the local authority having power to administer

the superannuation fund to which the person transferring has been

a contributor shall pay out of that fund to the county council

1931. Local Government (Clerics) Ch. 45.

Act, 1931.

of which on transferring he becomes clerk a transfer value ascertained in accordance with rules to be made by the Minister, and

in that case any service rendered before the date of transfer by

the person transferring which would have been reckoned a3

service for the purposes of the Act of 1922 shall, subject as

hereinafter provided, be reckoned as contributing service for the

purposes of Part I of this Schedule:

Provided that in respect of every period, if any, which would

have been reckoned under that Act as a year of non-contributing

service, the superannuation allowance payable to him under

Part I of this Schedule shall not exceed one one-hundred-

and-twentieth, or, if in his case the county council by resolution

so decide, such proportion as may be specified by the resolution

not exceeding one-sixtieth, of the average amount of his salary

during the five years immediately preceding the day on which he

ceases to hold his office or attains the age of sixty-five years, as

the case may be.

(2) Any transfer value paid under the foregoing provisions

of this paragraph shall be paid into the county fund of the county

for which the person transferring becomes clerk of the county

council.

4.—(1) The provisions of paragraphs two, three and four of this Part of this Schedule shall not apply—

(a) where a person leaves the service of the local authority

from whose service ho transfers without the consent of

that authority or enters the service of the county

council to whose service he transfers more than six

months after he left the service of the first mentioned

local authority, so, however, that any person may

appeal to the Minister against the refusal of a local

authority to give their consent to his leaving their

service, and the Minister, after consulting the local

authority, may give his consent, which shall be

equivalent to the consent of the local authority; or

(b) in the case of any person, unless within six months

after the transfer, he satisfies the county council to

whose services he transfers, that the circumstances of

his transfer are such as to render the said provisions so

applicable.

(2) As respects any person who, as deputy clerk oi the

peace for a county, has been a contributor to a superannuation

fund established under the Act of 1922, the provisions of paragraphs two, three and four of this Part of this Schedule shall

have effect as if, in that office, he had been in the sendee of a

local authority.

335

1st Sch.

— cont.

Supplementary.

336

Ch. 45.

Section

Section

Local Government (Clerics) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

9- SECOND SCHEDULE.

Calculation of Superannuation Allowances in

THE CASE OF CLERKS APPOINTED BEFORE THE

Passing of this Act.

1. The superannuation allowance to be paid to a clerk

entitled thereto under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section

nine of this Act shall be calculated in accordance with the

following scale, that is to say :—In respect of every year of

service, one-sixtieth of the average amount of his salary and

emoluments during the five years’ service immediately preceding

the day on which he ceases to hold his office, or, if he has been

in service for less than five years, during the period for which

he has been in service.

2. For the purpose of the foregoing provision—

(a) " salary and emoluments" means net personal salary

and emoluments received by the clerk by virtue of

his office as clerk of the peace, clerk of the county

council, county registration officer, and any public

office being an office held by him as the holder of

any of the said offices or an office to which he has

been appointed by or with the consent of the county

council or court of quarter sessions or the joint

committee, or any committee of the county council

or court of quarter sessions; and

(b) in the case of a full-time clerk who has formerly

served as a part-time officer, any period of part-

time service shall be treated as though it were

whole-time service for a proportionately reduced

period.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Modifications of Middlesex County Council

Superannuation Acts, 1921 to 1930.

1. The provisions of the Acts of 1921 to 1930, relating to the

superannuation of officers, shall apply—

(a) as respects every clerk of the council of the county of

Middlesex appointed after the passing of this Act

subject, in the case of any person who in addition to

1931.

Local Government (Clerks)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 45.

337

holding office as clerk of a county council also holds 3 ki> Sch.

office as clerk of the peace of the county, to the modi- — cont -

fication that his salary as clerk of the county council

shall, for the purposes of determining the amount of the contributions to be made by and in respect of him

and of calculating the amount of any superannuation

allowance payable to him under the provisions of those

Acts, be deemed to be increased by an amount equal

to his salary as clerk of the peace (including any payment

made to him as such for his ora use) so, however, that

if any such person holds the office of clerk of the peace

after having been dismissed from the office of clerk of the county council, an}' superannuation allowance

payable to him in respect of any period while he so

holds the office of clerk of the peace shall be of such

amount only as would have been payable to him if this

modification had not been applicable in his case;

(b) as respects the clerk of the peace and county council

for the county of Middlesex appointed before the

passing of the Act of 1921, subject to the modifications

that subsection (2) of section forty-seven of the Act of

1930 shall not apply and that as from the passing of this Act the council of the county of Middlesex shall

pay to him a sum equal to the amount of the contributions paid by him to the superannuation fund

established under those Acts without any interest

thereon, and no further contributions shall be made

in respect of him to that fund, so, however, that all his

service until he attains the age of sixty-five years shall

nevertheless be deemed to be contributing service, and

for the purposes of the provisions of those Acts relating

to payments in the case of death he shall be deemed to

have made all the contributions which would have been

payable by him but for this provision;

(c) as respects any person who, immediately before the

passing of this Act, held office as deputy clerk of the

peace of the county of Middlesex or as an officer in

the service in an established capacity of the clerk

of the peace in his office as clerk of the peace of that

county, as if in the office so held by him he had been

and continued to be in the whole-time service of the

county council:

Provided that, for the purposes of the application of the said provisions as respects the person who immediately before the commencement of the Act of 1921 held

office as deputy clerk of the peace of the county of

Middlesex, subsection (1) of section twenty-three of that

Act shall apply as if he had attained the age of

Y

338

3kd Sch.

— rant.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c.

olxvi.

Ch. 45. Local Government (Clerks)21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

sixty-five years on the date on which he resigns office

and as if a resolution relating to him had been passed by

the council under section forty-eight of that Act specifying the maximum number of years which may lawfully

be specified in any such resolution or such number as

will, with his actual number of years of service or

aggregate years of service, amount on that date to

forty, whichever is the less, so, however, that this

proviso shall not apply as respects any person to whom

the provisions of the Acts of 1921 to 1930 become

applicable by virtue of sub-paragraph (a) of this

paragraph subject to the modification therein mentioned,

and the deputy clerk aforesaid shall not be deemed to

have resigned office until the expiration of three months

after notice in writing given by him of his resignation

from the office of deputy clerk of the peace and every

other office held by him under the county council or

joint committee.

2. Paragraph (2) of section forty-four of the Act of 1921

(which relates to the vacation of the office of clerk of the peace

on the ground of age) shall apply as respects the clerk of the

peace and county council for the county of Middlesex appointed

before the commencement of that Act in relation both to the

office of clerk of the peace and to the office of clerk of the county

council.

3. Save as hereinbefore in this Schedule expressly provided,

the Acts of 1921 to 1930 shall cease to apply as respects any

clerk of the county council, clerk of the peace, deputy clerk of the

peace, or officer in the service in an established capacity of the

clerk of the peace in his office as clerk of the peace.

4. Any officer to whom the Acts of 1921 to 1930, as modified

by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, would apply if he

were a whole-time officer, shall not be deemed for the purposes

of those Acts to be other than a whole-time officer by reason only 7

of his holding the office of clerk of the j>eace or deputy clerk of the peace or being, with the consent of the county council, in the

service of the clerk of the peace for the purposes of his office as

such clerk.

5. In this Schedule, the expression "the Acts of 1921 to

1930" means the Middlesex County Council Superannuation

Acts, 1921 to 1930, the expression "the Act of 1921" means the

Middlesex County Council (General Powers) Act, 1921, and the

expression " the Act of 1930" means the Middlesex County

Coimcil Act, 1930.

1931.

Local Government (Clerks)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 45.

339

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

1 W ill. & Mary,

An Act for enabling

Sections four, five and six.

c. 21.

14 & 15 Vict.

Lords Commissioners for the Great

Seale to execute the

office of Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper.

Criminal Justice Ad-

I

So far as they relate to

e. 53.

ministration Act,

clerks of the peace for

34 & 35 Vict.

1851.

The Lancaster County

counties, sections nine, ten

and eleven, and in section

twelve the words "by virtue of any order made

under this Act " and the

words " under this Act."

The whole Act.

c. 73.

39 Vict. c. iv.

Clerk Act, 1871.

An Act to amend the

The whole Act.

51 & 52 ^ict.

Act for making regulations as to the office

of clerk of the peace

for the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Local Government Act,

In section thirty, in sub-

c. 41.

1888.

section (1) thereof, the

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

Local Government and

words " and the clerk of the

peace " and in subsection

(3) thereof the words "or

to the clerk of the peace ";

in section eighty-three,

paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (5)

and (9).

Section twenty-eight.

c. 59.

other Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1922.

Section 17.

340

Ch. 46.

Gold Standard 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1931.

Suspension

of right to

purchase

gold

bullion.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 29.

Short title.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to suspend the operation of subsection (2)

of section one of the Gold Standard Act, 1925,

and for purposes connected therewith.

[21st September 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Unless and until His Majesty by Proclamation otherwise directs, subsection (2) of section one of the Gold Standard Act, 1925, shall cease to have effect,

notwithstanding that subsection (1) of the said section

remains in force.

(2) The Bank of England are hereby discharged

from all Labilities in respect of anything done by the

Bank in contravention of the provision of the said

subsection (2) at any time after the eighteenth day of

September, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, and no

proceedings whatsoever shall be instituted against the

Bank or any other person in respect of anything so

done as aforesaid.

(3) It shall be lawful for the Treasury to make,

and from time to time vary, orders authorising the

taking of such measures in relation to the exchanges

and otherwise as they may consider expedient for

meeting difficulties arising in connection with the

suspension of the gold standard.

This subsection shall continue in force for a period

of six months from the passing of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Gold Standard

(Amendment) Act, 1931.

1931.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1931.

Ch. 47.

341

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain

local loans out of the Local Loans Fund and

for other purposes relating to local loans.

[30th September 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There may be issued by the National Debt

Commissioners for the purposes of local loans by the

Publio Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums

not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty million

pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a

period ending on the day on which a further Act granting

money for the purposes of those loans comes into

operation and in accordance with the provisions of the

National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

Grant for

public

works.

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 16.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the Certain

several local loans specified in the Tables contained in debts not to

the Schedule to this Act should, to the extent specified be reckoned

in the last column of those Tables, not be reckoned as

assets of the local loans fund established under the f un(j

National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887:

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loans to

the extent aforesaid shall be written off from the assets

of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section

fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply

thereto.

3. Whereas it is provided by the last preceding Remission

section of this Act that the principal of the local loans of balance

specified in the Tables contained hi the Schedule to this °* principal

Act shall, to the extent of the sums respectively specified ? nd " lter, est

in the last column of those Tables, be written off from 0 f cer t a m

the assets of the local loans fund:local loans.

And whereas the said sums constitute respectively

the balances remaining unpaid out of the total amounts

advanced, and are irrecoverable:

342

Ch. 47.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Short title.

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loans shall,

to the extent aforesaid, be extinguished and all arrears

of interest thereon shall be remitted.

4. This Act may be cited as the Public Works

Loans Act, 1931.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Loan by the Public Works Loan Commissioners

UNDER THE HARBOURS AND PASSING TOLLS, &c.

Act,

1861.

Name of Borrower.

Amount of

Loan.

Amount to be written

off.

Stonehaven Harbour Trustees

7,000

£ 8. d.

6, 653 4 4

Part II.

Loan by the Public Works Loan Commissioners

UNDER THEIR GENERAL POWERS.

Name of Borrower.

Amount of

Loan.

Amount to be written

off.

£ s. d.

Brownies Taing Pier Trustees

1, 800

1, 200 0 0

Part III.

Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners

UNDER THE AGRICULTURAL CREDITS ACT, 1923.

Name of Borrower,

Amount of

Loan.

Amount to be written

off.

£ 8, d.

Messrs. Clinch and Goddard -

9,000

432 0 1

Mr. Albert Ernest Crisp

1, 230

220 5 0

Mr. Frederick Henry Moore -

3, 915

1, 710 19 1

Mr. Walter Rhodes

9, 375

3, 073 10 7

1931.

National Economy

Act, 1931.

Ch. 48.

343

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to authorise the making of Orders in

Council for the purpose of effecting economies

in expenditure falling to be defrayed out

of public moneys and improvements in the

arrangements for meeting such expenditure.

[30th September 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) During the period of one month after the Power to

commencement of this Act His Majesty may, in respect make

of the services specified in the Schedule to this Act Orders; in

and in respect of the remuneration (otherwise than by or

way of pension assessed before the commencement of certain

this Act) of persons in His Majesty’s Service, make economies,

such Orders in Council as appear to him to be expedient for the purposes of effecting economies in the

expenditure falling to be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund, out of moneys provided by Parliament, or

out of any fund established by the enactments relating

to any of the said services, and of effecting improvements

in the arrangements for meeting such expenditure; and,

in particular, without prejudice to the generality of the

said power, any such Order may make provision—

(a) for altering the respective proportions in which

expenditure in respect of any such service is to

be defrayed out of any fund so established as

aforesaid and out of moneys provided by

Parliament and for making transfers and

adjustments between any such funds or

between any such fund and any other

statutory fund;

(6) for imposing duties on local authorities in

connection with the administration of any

such service;

(c) for increasing the contributions to be made to

the unemployment fund, and for securing that,

344

Ch. 48.

Short title.

National Economy 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

as from the date on which the Treasury cease

to have power to make advances for the

purpose of meeting deficiencies in that fund,

any such deficiency shall be met out of such

moneys as may be provided by Parliament for

that purpose;

(d) for the modification or termination of statutory

or contractual rights, obligations and restrictions subsisting at the date when the provisions

of the Order take effect.

(2) The Minister designated in any Order hi Council

made under this section, may make regulations for

giving effect to the provisions of that Order in respect

of such matters as may be specified therein.

(3) Any Order in Council or regulations made under

this section shall, as from such date not earlier than the

first day of October nineteen hundred and thirty-one

as may be specified in the Order or regulations, have

effect notwithstanding anything in any enactment.

2. This Act may be cited as the National Economy

Act, 1931.

SCHEDULE.

Services in respect of which Orders in Council

MAY BE MADE UNDER THIS ACT.

Education.

National Health Insurance.

Police.

Unemployment Insurance.

Roads.

1931.

Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 49.

345

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to increase the Customs and Excise

duties on beer and tobacco, the Customs duty

on hydrocarbon oils, and the entertainments

duty; to increase the standard rate of income

tax for the year 1931-32, and the higher rates

of income tax for the year 1930-31; to amend

the Income Tax Acts in so far as they relate

to certain reliefs and the tax payable by persons

carrying on a trade consisting wholly or partly in

dealing in securities; to amend section thirty-

six of the Finance Act, 1931, and the law

relating to the National Debt; and to make

provision for certain matters connected with

the matters aforesaid.

[5th October 1931.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to

defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making

an addition to the public revenue, have freely and

voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty

the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

1.—(1) As from the eleventh day of September,

nineteen hundred and thirty-one, there shall be

charged in respect of beer brewed in the United Kingdom

(not being beer of any of the descriptions specified in

Increased

duties and

drawbacks

on certain

340

Ch. 49.

Part I,

— ccmt.

descriptions

of beer.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 28.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 36.

Finance (No. 2) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

subsection (1) of section two of the Finance Act, 1930)

the following duty of Excise in lieu of the duty charged

under section one of that Act, —

For every thirty-six gallons of worts of a £ s. d.

specific gravity of one thousand and

fifty-five degrees - - 6140

and on the exportation from the United Kingdom as

merchandise or for use as ships’ stores of any beer on

which it is shown that the Excise duty charged by this

section has been paid, there shall be allowed the following Excise drawback in lieu of the drawback allowed

under the said section one, —

For every thirty-six gallons of an original £ s. d.

gravity of one thousand and fifty-five

degrees -. 6143

and so as to both duty and drawback in proportion for

any difference in quantity or gravity.

(2) As from the date aforesaid there shall be

charged on beer imported into the United Kingdom

(not being beer of any of the descriptions specified in

subsection (1) of section two of the Finance Act, 1930),

the following duty of Customs in lieu of the duty

charged by subsection (2) of the said section two, —

For every thirty-six gallons where the £ s. d.

worts thereof were before fermentation

of a specific gravity of one thousand

and fifty-five degrees - - 6 14 6

and on the exportation or shipment for use as stores of any

beer on which it is shown that the Customs duty charged

by this section has been paid, there shall be allowed

the following Customs drawback in lieu of the drawback

allowed under the said section two, —

For every thirty-six gallons of an original £ s. d.

gravity of one thousand and fifty-five

degrees - -6 14 3

and so as to both duty and drawback in proportion for

any difference in gravity.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions

of section seven of the Finance Act, 1925, with respect to

1931.

Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 49.

347

the additional duty and drawbacks in respect of beer Part I.

to be paid and allowed respectively under the said — cont -

section.

2.—(1) As from the eleventh day of September, Increased

nineteen hundred and thirty-one, in lieu of the Customs duties and

duties theretofore payable on tobacco there shall, subject drawbacks

to the provisions of section eight of the Finance Act, nn 0 aCL0 ‘

1919, be charged on tobacco imported into the United *9 c 32

Kingdom the duties specified in Part I of the First

Schedule to this Act.

(2) As from the date aforesaid there shall in lieu of the Excise duties theretofore payable on tobacco be

charged on tobacco grown in the United Kin gdom the

duties specified in Part II of the First Schedule to this Act.

(3) The drawback allowed under section one of the

Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863, on tobacco exported 2G& 27 Vict 27 Vict.

from the United Kingdom or deposited in a bonded or c - 7 -

King’s warehouse shall, in cases where it is shown that

the duties charged by this section have been paid, be

allowed at the rates set out in Part III of the First Schedule

to this Act instead of at the rates set out in Part III of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1927, but subject 17 & 18

to the provisions affecting allowance of drawback Geo. 5. c. 10.

contained in the Schedule to the Finance Act, 1904. 4Edw. 7.

c. 7.

3.—(1) As from six o’clock in the evening on the Increase of

tenth day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-one. Customs

the rate of the Customs duty payable under section two ' lut - v on

of the Finance Act, 1928, on hydrocarbon oils shall be 0 8 r0car ' )011

increased from sixpence per gallon to eight pence per '

gafion. Geo. 5. c. 17.

(2) The rate of the rebate to be allowed under

subsection (3) of the said section on the delivery for

home consumption of any oils other than light oils

shall be increased from sixpence per gallon to eight pence

per gallon.

4. — (1) It shall not be lawful for any person to mix Prohibitioi

any hydrocarbon oils in respect of which a rebate of duty on mixing

has been allowed under subsection (3) of section two of of kydro-

the Finance Act, 1928, with any light oils -within the which S ’

348

Part I.

— cont.

rebate

allowed,

with light

oils.

Increased

rate of

entertainments duty.

6 & 7

Geo. 5. c. 11.

Increase in

standard

rate of

income tax

for 1931-32.

21 & 22

Geo. 5. c. 28.

Ch. 49. Finance (No. 2) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

meaning of the said subsection, unless he is acting under

the authority of a licence granted by the Commissioners

of Customs and Excise, and has, before the mixing, paid

the duty which would have been paid if the rebate had

not been allowed.

(2) If any person in contravention of this section

mixes any such hydrocarbon oils as aforesaid with any

light oils he shall be liable at the option of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise either to a Customs

penalty equal to three times the value of the oils mixed,

including any duty chargeable thereon, or to a Customs

penalty of one hundred pounds, and the mixture shall

be forfeited.

(3) For the purposes of this section, a person shall not be deemed to be acting under the authority of a licence

if he fails to comply with or acts in contravention of any

conditions attached to the licence.

5. As from the ninth day of November, nineteen

hundred and thirty-one, entertainments duty within

the meaning of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916,

shall, in Great Britain, be charged at the rate set out

in the Second Schedule to this Act.

Part II.

Income Tax.

6.—(1) The standard rate of income tax for the

year 1931-32 shall be the rate of five shillings in the

pound instead of the rate of four shillings and sixpence

in the pound as provided by subsection (1) of section five

of the Finance Act, 1931, and accordingly it is hereby

declared that any deductions of tax made before the

passing of this Act by reference to a rate of five

shillings are to be treated for all purposes (including all

the purposes of any legal proceedings instituted before

the passing of this Act) as having been made by reference

to the proper rate:

Provided that this subsection shall not invalidate

anything done before the passing of this Act or render

improper any deduction in respect of income tax made

1931. Finance (No. 2) Ch. 49.

Act, 1931.

before the fifteenth day of October, nineteen hundred

and thirty-one, which would have been a proper deduction if this Act had not passed.

(2) The provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act

shall have effect for the purposes of and in connection

with the change in the standard rate of income tax

made by this section.

7. Section six of the Finance Act, 1931 (which

determines the higher rates of income tax for the year

1930- 31), shall have effect as if each of the amounts

specified in the second column of the Table contained in

that section were increased by ten per cent., and the

amount payable by virtue of any assessment in respect

of sur-tax for the year 1930-31 made before the passing

of this Act shall, by virtue of tins Act and without

more, be treated as varied accordingly.

8. —(1) The enactments specified in the second

column of the Fourth Schedule to this Act (being enactments which relate to the income tax reliefs described in

the first column of the said Schedule) shall be amended in

the manner specified in the third column of the said

Schedule.

(2) Where relief from income tax for the year

1931- 32 has been given to any individual and the

amount thereof is incorrect by reason of any of the

amendments made by this section, then—

(a) if the relief was given by the reduction of an

assessment on that individual, the assessment

shall, by virtue of this Act and without more,

be treated as varied so as to give effect to the said

amendments; and

(b) if the relief was given otherwise than by the

reduction of an assessment on that individual,

any amount of relief so given in excess may, if

not otherwise made good, be assessed under

Case VI of Schedule D and recovered from

that individual accordingly.

9. Where the amount of tax payable under an

assessment is to be treated as varied by virtue of section

six or section eight of this Act, or exceeds the amount

which would have been payable if those sections had

not passed, the Commissioners of Inland itevenue shall

349

Part II.

— cont.

Higher

rates of

income tax

for 1930-31.

Amendments of

enactments

relating to

income tax

reliefs.

Notice of

variation of

assessment,

&c.

350

Part II.

— cont.

Income tax

in connection with

conversion

of Government

securities.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 24.

Right of

stockholders

to continue

holdings in

five per

cent. War

Loan;

Ch. 49. Finance (No. 2) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

cause such notification as may be necessary to be given

to the person affected thereby, and any notification so

given shall, as regards any particulars of the assessment

contained in the notification which have not been contained in a notice of assessment, have effect as if the

notification were a notice of assessment.

10. Where in pursuance of an arrangement which

is being carried out under section sixty of the Finance

Act, 1916, (which relates to the conversion of Government securities) the Treasury direct that the provisions

of this section shall have effect, any person who is

carrying on a trade which consists wholly or partly in

dealing in securities and who in pursuance of the

arrangement exchanges securities to which he is beneficially entitled for other securities (whether or not any

additional consideration is given for the exchange) shall,

unless he gives notice in writing to the surveyor not

later than the end of the year of assessment next following the year of assessment in which the exchange takes

place that he desires not to be so treated, be treated

for income tax purposes (except as regards any

income tax payable in respect of interest), both at

the time of the exchange and thereafter, as if the

exchange had not taken place, and in that case the

produce of any subsequent realisation of securities

received by him under the exchange (together with any additional consideration, or the appropriate part

of any additional consideration, received by him thereunder) shall be treated as the produce of the

realisation of the corresponding securities surrendered

by him under the exchange.

Part III.

Provisions as to Five per Cent. War Loan,

1929-1947.

11.—(1) If notice is given in accordance with the

prospectus dated the eleventh day of January, nineteen

hundred and seventeen, of the intention of His Majesty’s

Government to redeem the five per cent. War Loan

1929-1947 (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the

Loan ") and the notice includes a declaration that this

1931. Finance (No. 2) Ch. 49.

Act, 1931.

Part of this Act is to come into operation, the following

provisions shall have effect:—

(a) The holders of any stock or bonds of the Loan

(in this Part of this Act referred to as " stockholders ") shall, on making an application in

that behalf (in this Part of this Act referred to

as " a continuance application ") in accordance

with the provisions of this Part of this Act, be

entitled—

(i) to have their holdings in the Loan continued therein after the date fixed by the

notice for the redemption thereof (in this

Part of this Act referred to as " the redemption date "), but subject to such immediate

or gradual reduction in the rate of interest,

and such modifications in the name and

terms of repayment, and in the other conditions and incidents, of the Loan as may

be specified in the notice; and

(ii) to have issued to them such bonus

stock or bonus bonds, if any, to form part of the Loan as continued under this section, as

may be specified in the notice;

\b) Stockholders desiring to receive on the redemption date repayment in cash in respect of their

holdings must make an application in that

behalf (in this Part of this Act referred to as

" a repayment application ") in accordance

with the provisions of this Part of this Act;

(c) If, in the case of any holding (not being the

holding of the National Debt Commissioners

corresponding to the holdings held on the

Post Office Register) neither a continuance

application nor a repayment application is

in force at the expiration of the period of three

months next following the day on which the

notice was published, the provisions of this

Part of this Act shall have effect as if a continuance application had been made in respect

of the holding on the last day of the said

period.

351

Part III.

— coat.

requirement of

application

for cash

repayments,

&c.

352

Part III.

— cont.

Power to

make

regulations.

Ch. 49. Finance {No. 2) 21 & 22 Geo.

Act, 1931.

(2) A repayment application in respect of a holding

shall, unless the Treasury in any particular case otherwise direct, be treated as revoked—

(a) by the making of a continuance application in

respect of the holding at any time before the

redemption date;

(b) by changing the form of the holding or part

thereof from stock to bonds or bonds to stock,

or by any transfer of the holding or part thereof

from any books or register to any other books

or register, not being merely a transfer to or

from the hooks of the Bank from or to the

transfer by deed register;

(c) except in the case of a bearer bond, by the

completion of any transfer of the holding, so

however, that where part only of the holding is

transferred, the revocation shall only operate

as respects that part.

(3) Save as provided by the last preceding

subsection, continuance applications and repayment

applications shall be irrevocable and shall bind the

stockholders and their successors in title.

(4) The Treasury may, if they think it desirable,

undertake to pay cash bonuses to stockholders by whom

continuance applications are duly made within such

period as may be specified in the undertaking or within

such extended period as the Treasury may in any special

case allow.

12.—(1) The Treasury may make regulations for

carrying this Part of this Act into effect and in particular

and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing

power—

(a) for prescribing the manner in which and the

persons to whom continuance applications or

repayment applications are to be made and for

specifying the evidence which may be accepted

by those persons as to matters on winch the

validity of such applications may depend;

(b) for specifying the persons by whom any such

applications may be made in cases where any

stockholder has died, or is outside the United

1931. Finance (No. 2) Ch. 49.

Act, 1931.

Kingdom, or is of unsound mind, or is an

infant, or is otherwise under disability, or

where a notice in lieu of distringas is in force

with respect to the holding;

(c) for enabling continuance applications to be

made by a majority of the stockholders in cases

where the holding is held jointly by more than

two persons (including cases where the stockholders are trustees or are otherwise acting in a

fiduciary character) and for authorising in any

case payment of any cash bonus in accordance

with the instructions of the persons making the

application by reason of which the bonus is

payable;

(d) for prescribing the manner in which certificates,

bonds and other documents with respect to

holdings in the Loan are to be dealt with

and for determining how far such certificates,

bonds and documents are to be valid after the

redemption date;

(e) for enabling the books and the transfer by deed

register of the Bank and the Post Office Register

to be closed for a period immediately preceding

the redemption date.

(2) The Treasury shall forthwith publish in the

London Gazette any regulations made under this

section.

13. — (1) Persons who are by virtue of this Part of this Act authorised to make a continuance application

shall not be liable for any loss resulting from their making

such an application or their not making a repayment

application, and trustees and other persons acting in a

fiduciary character are hereby expressly authorised to

make continuance applications.

(2) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall be

a full and sufficient indemnity and discharge to the Bank

and the officers of the Bank, the Postmaster-General and

the trustees and officers of Trustee Savings Banks for all

things done by them respectively in pursuance of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder.

Z

353

Part III.

— cont.

Indemnity

to trustees

and others

and to the

Bank, &c.

354

Ch. 49.

Part III.

— cant.

Provisions

as to

instruments

with respect

to War

Loan.

Provision

as to cash

bonus.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 61.

Provisions

as to

income tax

in certain

cases.

Finance (No. 2) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

14. — (1) A power or direction to invest in the Loan

shall not cease to be operative by reason only of changes

in the name, conditions or incidents thereof effected

under this Part of this Act.

(2) A power of attorney authorising the transfer

of a holding shall be taken as authorising the making of

a continuance or repayment application with respect to

that holding, but a requirement in any instrument

creating or regulating a trust that the trustees shall

obtain the consent of any person before varying the

investment of the trust funds, shall not be taken as

requiring the trustees to obtain the consent of that

person before making a continuance or repayment

application.

15. —(1) A warrant given by the Bank for the

payment of any cash bonus payable under this Part

of this Act shall be deemed to be a cheque within the

meaning of the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, and shall

be exempt from stamp duty.

(2) As between persons having any beneficial interest

in a holding, any cash bonus payable in respect of the

holding shall belong to the persons entitled to the

income of the holding on the day when the bonus is

payable.

16. Where a holding in the Loan which is continued

under this Part of this Act beyond the redemption date

is in the beneficial ownership of a person who is carrying

on a trade which consists wholly or partly in dealing

in securities, that person shall, if he gives notice in

writing to the surveyor not later than the end of the

year of assessment next following the year of assessment

in which the redemption date falls, that he desires to

be so treated, be treated for the purposes of the Income

Tax Acts as having changed his investment on the redemption date, but if he gives no such notice he shall,

except with respect to the tax on the interest on the

holding, be for those purposes treated, both then and

thereafter, as not having changed his investment, and in

that case the produce of any subsequent realization of the whole or any part of the continued holding (which

holding shall, for the purpose of this provision be

deemed to include any bonus stock or bonus bonds

1931.

Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 49.

355

issued in respect of the continuance of the holding) Part III.

together with any additional consideration, or the —cont.

appropriate part of any additional consideration,

received by him in connection with the continuance,

shall be treated as the produce of the realization of the

whole or the appropriate part of the original holding.

17.— (1) Any expenses incurred in carrying this Provision

Part of this Act into effect (including sums paid on for

account of any cash bonus payable under this Part of mcill ental

this Act, or on account of any interest on the Loan ex P enses -

which becomes payable in the financial year in which

the redemption date falls instead of in the next

following financial year) may, if the Treasury so direct,

be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund or the

growing produce thereof, instead of being defrayed

out of the permanent annual charge for the National

Debt as part of the annual charges in respect of

interest and management.

(2) For the purpose of providing for the issue of

any sum directed to be defrayed out of the Consolidated

Fund under this section, or for the repayment to that

fund of all or any part of any sum so issued, the Treasury

may raise money in any manner in which they are

authorised to raise money under and for the purposes of

subsection (1) of section one of the War Loan Act, 9 & 10 Geo. 5.

1919, and any securities created and issued to raise c. 37.

money under this subsection shall be deemed to have

been created and issued under that subsection.

18. The provisions of this Part of this Act shall be

in addition to and not in substitution for the provisions

of any other Act conferring powers with respect to the

National Debt, and in particular the coming into

operation of this Part of this Act shall not prevent the

Treasury from making and carrying out arrangements

under section sixty of the Finance Act, 191b, with

persons who are for the time being not ordinarily

resident in the United Kingdom for the surrender of

stock or bonds of the Loan and the issue in lieu

thereof of other securities.

Saving for

statutory

powers with

respect to

National

Debt, including

powers of

Treasury as

to arrangements with

19. In this Part of this Act the expression "the Interpre-

Bank" means the Bank of England or the Bank of tation.

Ireland, as the case may require.

356

Ch. 49.

Amendment

of s. 36 of

21 & 22

Geo. 5. c. 28.

Provisions

as to

permanent

annual

charge for

the National

Debt for

1931- 32 and

1932- 33.

Finance {No. 2)

Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

20. Section thirty-six of the Finance Act, 1931 (which

authorises certain advances to the Road Fund out of the

Consolidated Fund) shall have effect as if in subsection (1)

thereof for the words "out of the Consolidated Fund

" of the United Kingdom or the growing produce

" thereof " there were substituted the words "out of

moneys provided by Parliament."

21. — (1) The permanent annual charge for the

National Debt for the financial years ending respectively

on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

thirty-two, and the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and thirty-three, shall be the sum of three hundred

and twenty-two million pounds instead of the sum of

three hundred and fifty-five million pounds.

(2) The Treasury may at any time, if they think

fit, raise money in any manner in which they are

authorised to raise money under and for the purposes

of subsection (1) of section one of the War Loan Act, 1919,

for providing any sums required during the financial

years ending respectively on the thirty-first day of March,

nineteen hundred and thirty-two, and the thirty-first day

of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-three—

(a) for meeting such part of the annual payments

due to the Government of the United States of

America in respect of the American Loan as

represents capital; and

(b) for making any payments required to be made

to the National Debt Commissioners in

pursuance of section three of the War Loan

Act, 1919, in respect of Victory Bonds or

Funding Loan, 1960-1990, accepted by the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue in payment

of death duties;

and the amount required by subsection (4) of section

twenty-three of the Finance Act, 1928, to be issued from

the permanent annual charge for the National Debt

for the purposes aforesaid shall be decreased in each of the

said years by the amount raised under this subsection

in that year.

1931.

Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 49.

357

(3) Any securities created and issued to raise money

under the last preceding subsection shall be deemed to

have been created and issued under subsection (1) of

section one of the War Loan Act, 1919.

22. — (1) Any securities issued by the Treasury

under any Act may be issued with the condition that—

(a) so long as the. securities are in the beneficial

ownership of persons who are not ordinarily

resident in the United Kingdom, the interest

thereon shall be exempt from income tax;

and

(b) so long as the securities are in the beneficial ownership of persons who are neither domiciled nor

ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom,

neither the capital thereof nor the interest

thereon shall be liable to any taxation present

or future.

(2) For the purposes of subsections (2) and (3) of

section forty-six of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which

relates to securities issued free from tax) any securities

issued by the Treasury with the condition mentioned

in subsection (1) of this section shall be deemed to

be such securities as are mentioned in subsection (1)

of the said section forty-six.

23. —(1) It is hereby declared that the Treasury

have power under subsection (2) of section forty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1918, to direct that securities

issued by them under section sixty of the Finance Act,

1916 (which relates to the conversion of Government

securities), shall be issued subject to the condition that

the interest thereon shall be paid without deduction of

income tax.

(2) In subsection (3) of the said section forty-nine,

the words "securities issued in connection with any

" Government loan raised for the purposes of the present

" war " shall be deemed to include any securities issued

subject to such a condition as aforesaid.

24. In proviso (b) to paragraph 1 of the Third

Schedule to the Finance Act, 1921, (which proviso

relates to the payment by post of the principal moneys

due on the redemption of Government Stock), the words

" in the British Isles " are hereby repealed.

Part IV.

— cont.

Provisions

in cases

where

Treasury

has power

to borrow

money.

8 & 9

Geo. 5. c 40.

Provisions

as to payment of

interest on

Government securities

without

deduction

of income

tax.

Amendment

to Schedule III of

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 32.

358

Ch. 49.

Part IV.

— cont.

Construction, short

title

and repeal,

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 36.

Section 2.

Finance (No. 2) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

25.—(1) Part I of this Act so far as it relates to

duties of Customs shall be construed as one with the

Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 (except that the

expression " the United Kingdom " in this Act shall not

include the Isle of Man), and so far as it relates to duties of

Excise shall be construed as one with the Acts which

relate to the duties of Excise and to the management of

those duties.

(2) This Act, so far as it relates to income tax,

shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall

be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended

by any subsequent enactment including (save where the

context otherwise requires) this Act.

(4) This Act may be cited as the Finance (No. 2) Act,

1931.

(5) The enactments set out in the Fifth Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that Schedule as from the dates

specified therein.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Tobacco.

Part I.

Customs Duties.

Upon tobacco unmanufactured, viz. :— s. d.

Containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof—

Unstripped ---- the pound 0 6

Stripped the pound 9 C|

Containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof—

Unstripped the pound 10 6

Stripped the pound 10

1931.

Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 49.

359

Upon tobacco manufactured, viz. :—

s.

d.

Cigars.

- the pound

18

1

Cigarettes .

- the pound

14

7

Cavendish or Negrohead -

Cavendish or Negrohead manufactured

- the pound

in bond

13

9

the pound

12

0

Other manufactured tobacco - the pound

Snuff containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every

12

0

100 lbs. weight thereof ...

Snuff not containing more than 13 lbs.

- the pound

of moisture in

11

4

every 100 lbs. weight thereof

Part II.

- the pound

13

9

Excise Duties.

Upon tobacco unmanufactured, viz. :—

Tobacco containing 10 lbs. or more

of moisture in

s.

d.

every 100 lbs. weight thereof -

Tobacco containing less than 10 lbs.

- the pound

of moisture in

7

every 100 lbs. weight thereof -

- the pound

8

oi

Upon tobacco manufactured, viz. :—

Cavendish or Negrohead manufactured in bond

the pound 9 4|

and so in proportion for any less quantity.

Part III.

Drawback.

Rate per pound.

Description of Tobacco.

In respect of

tobacco on which

full customs duty

has been paid.

In respect of

tobacco on which

customs duty at

a preferential rate,

or excise duty,

has been paid.

, s. d.

s. d.

Cigars.

10 9

s r>

Cigarettes .

Cut, roll, cake, or other manufac-

10 6

8 2

tured tobacco -

10 3

8 0

Snuff (not being offal snuff) -

Stalks, shorts or other refuse of

10 0

7 10

tobacco, including offal snuff -

9 9

7 7

1st Sch.

— cont.

360

Ch. 49.

Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Section 5.

Section 6.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rate of Entertainments Duty.

Amount of Payment. Duty.

Where the amount of payment for

admission, excluding the amount of the duty, —

Exceeds 2d. and does not exceed 2 Id.

Exceeds 2\d. and does not exceed 6 d.

Exceeds 6 d. and does not exceed l\d.

Exceeds 7 id. and does not exceed lOrf.

Exceeds lOd. and does not exceed

Is. 0 Id. -

Exceeds Is. 0|d. and does not exceed

Is. 3d..

Exceeds Is. 3 d. -

One halfpenny.

One penny.

Three halfpence.

Two pence.

Two pence halfpenny.

Three pence.

Three pence for the first

Is. 3d. and one penny

for every 5d. or part

of 5 d. over Is. 3d.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Provisions for giving effect to the change in

the Standard Rate of Income Tax for the year

1931-32.

1. The amount payable by virtue of any assessment made

before the passing of this Act shall, by virtue of this Act and

without more, be treated as varied to such extent as is necessary

to give effect to the change in the standard rate:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply in the case

of income chargeable under Schedule C, under Rule 6 or 7

of the Miscellaneous Rules applicable to Schedule D, or under

Rule 21 of the General Rules.

2. In the case of such income as is mentioned in the proviso

to paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any deficiency in the amount

of tax deducted from any payment made before the fifteenth day

of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-one (being a deficiency

arising by reason of the change in the standard rate) shall, so far

as possible, be made good by increasing the deduction required

or authorised by law to be made from the next payment and,

if necessary, the deductions required or authorised by law to be

made from subsequent payments (being a payment or payments

made after the passing of this Act and before the fifteenth

day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-two) by an amount

1931.

Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 49.

361

equal to the amount of the deficiency, and the deficiency so made 3rd Sch.

good shall be accounted for and assessed in the same manner as — amt.

the tax deducted from the original payment.

3. Subject, in any case where paragraph 2 of this Schedule

applies, to the provisions of that paragraph, section two hundred

and eleven of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which relates to the

charge and deduction of tax in any year not charged or deducted

before the passing of the annual Act) shall apply as if—

(a) this Act were the Act imposing the tax for the year;

and

(b) a reference to the fifteenth day of October, nineteen

hundred and thirty-one, were, so far as relates to any

deficiency in the amount of tax deducted from any

payment made after the passing of this Act but before

the date aforesaid, substituted for any reference to the

passing of the Act imposing the tax for the year; and

(; ) in subsection (1) of the said section the words "half-

yearly or quarterly " were omitted, and the words

" or the person by or through whom the payments

were made, as the case may be, " w T ere inserted after

the words "the agents entrusted with the payment of the interest, dividends or other annual profits or gains."

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Section 8.

Amendment of Enactments kelating to Reliefs

from Income Tax.

Amendment.

In subs. (1) for the words

" two hundred and

twenty-five pounds "

there shall be substituted the words "one

hundred and fifty

pounds "; and for the

words " one hundred

and thirty-five pounds"

there shall be substituted the words "one

hundred pounds."

In subs. (2) for the

tvords ‘‘ five-sixths "

there shall be substituted the words "four-

fifths."

Subject Matter. Enactment amended.

Personal allowance - The Finance Act,

1920, s. 18.

362

Ch. 49.

Finance (No. 2) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

4th Sch.

—c ont.

Subject Matter.

Enactment amended.

Amendment.

Deductions in respect of

relative or other person taking charge of

widower’s or widow’s

children or acting as

housekeeper or in respect of widowed

mother, &c.

Deduction in respect of

children.

Allowances in respect of

earned income and

allowances by reference to total income

of persons of age of

sixty-five years.

Relief from balance of

tax chargeable after

allowance of other

reliefs.

Relief in respect of life

insurance premiums,

The Finance Act,

1920, ss. 19 and

20, and the Finance Act, 1924,

ss. 21 and 22.

The amount on which a

deduction of tax at the

standard rate is to be

allowed shall in each

case be fifty pounds

instead of sixtypounds

The Finance Act,

1920, s. 21.

The Finance Act,

1925, s. 15.

The Finance Act,

1927, s. 40 (2).

The Income Tax

Act, 1918, s. 32.

For the. words " sixty

pounds, ’’wherever they

occur there shall be

substituted the words

" fifty pounds "; and

for the words "fifty

pounds " there shall be

substituted the words

" forty pounds."

For the words "one-

sixth ", wherever they

occur, there shall be

substituted the words

" one-fifth "; for the

words " two hundred

and fifty pounds " there

shall be substituted the

words " three hundred

pounds " and for the

words " one hundred

and sixty pounds "

there shall be substituted the words "one

hundred and twenty-

five pounds."

For the words "five-

ninths ", wherever they

occur, there shall be

substituted the words

" one-lialf "; and for

the words "two hundred and fifty pounds "

there shall be substituted the words "one

hundred and seventy-

five pounds."

Para. (/) of subs. (3)

shall cease to have

&c.

effect.

icm

Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 49.

363

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Part I.

Enactments Repealed as from the 6 th April, 1931.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 40

The Income Tax Act,

Para. (/) of sub-

1918.

section (3) of section

thirty-two.

20 & 21 Geo. 6. c. 28

The Finance Act, 1930

Section eleven.

Part II.

Enactments Repealed as from the passing of this Act.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 32

The Finance Act, 1921

In paragraph 1 of the Third Schedule

to the Finance Act,

1921, the words "in

" the British Isles."

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 28

The Finance Act, 1931

Subsections (3), (4)

and (5) of section

thirty-six.

Section 25.

364

Ch. 50.

Issue of

£20, 700,000

out of the

Consolidated Fund.

Power

for the

Treasury

to borrow.

Appropriation (Xo. 2) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the rear ending on the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine

hundred and thirty-two, and to appropriate

the further Supplies granted in this Session

of Parliament.

[7th October 1931.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your

Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

one thousand nine hundred and thirty-two, the sum of

twenty million seven hundred thousand pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank

of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the

Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums

not exceeding in the whole twenty million seven hundred

thousand pounds.

1931.

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 50.

365

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and thirty-two, and section six of the Treasury Bills 40 & 41 Vict.

Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall c - 2.

not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce

of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than

the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money

was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and

shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any marmer in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this

section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge

for the National Debt.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act out of the said Appropria-

Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply tion of sums

granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by vote< ?

Schedule (A), in the aggregate, to the sum of twenty vieeij

million seven hundred thousand pounds, are appropriated

for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B)

annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed

hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as

if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Short title.

Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1931.

366

Ch. 50.

Section 3.

Section 3.

Sched. (A.)

Appropriation (No. 2) 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Act, 1931.

ABSTRACT

OE

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

£ s. d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - - 20, 700,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriation of Grants.

1931. Supply Grants.

£ a. d.

Civil (Supplementary), 1931 ... 20, 700,000 0 0

Total. 20, 700,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1932 :—

£ 8. d.

Under this Act ---- 20, 700,000 0 0

20, 700,000 0 0

Total

1931.

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Ch. 50.

367

SCHEDULE (B.)

Civil (Supplementary), 1931.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the

Charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the

Year ending on the 31st day of March 1932, viz. :—

CIVIL.

Class V. Supply Grants.

Sums not exceeding

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including sums payable by the

Exchequer to the Unemployment Fund,

grunts to associations, local authorities and

others under the Unemployment Insurance,

Labour Exchanges and other Acts; expenses

of the Industrial Court; contribution towards

the expenses of the International Labour

Organisation (League of Nations); expenses

of training and transference of workpeople

and their families within Great Britain and

Oversea (including expenditure additional

to that authorised under section 2 (1) of the

Labour Exchanges Act, 1909); and sundry

services, including services arising out of the

war. 13, 700,000

Class VI.

For advances to the Road Fund

7,000,000

368 Ch. 51. Foodstuffs (Prevention 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

of Exploitation) Act, 1931.

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to authorise the Board of Trade, in

case of need, to take exceptional ..measures

for preventing or remedying shortages in, or

unreasonable increases in the price of certain

articles of food or drink.

[7th October 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power to 1 . —(1) If it appears to the Hoard of Trade, that

make regu- by reason of the action of any persons in exploiting the

lations as to present financial situation there is, or is likely to arise

foodstuffs. j n G rea t Britain or in any part thereof, any shortage of

or any unreasonable increase in the price of any article

of food or drink of general consumption, the Board of

Trade may by regulation make such provision as they

consider necessary or expedient for the purpose of

remedying or preventing that shortage or increase in

price.

(2) Regulations made under this section may, without

prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision—

(a) confer or impose on any person or body of

persons such powers and duties as the Board

of Trade may consider necessary or expedient

for effecting the purpose aforesaid and contain

such incidental and consequential provisions

as appear to the Board of Trade to be necessary or expedient for securing the effective

exercise and discharge of the pow r ers and

duties of the Board and of any powers and

duties so conferred or imposed as aforesaid;

and

(b) provide for the trial by courts of summary

jurisdiction, of persons guilty of offences

against the regulations, so, however, that

the maximum penalty which may be inflicted

for any offence against any such regulations

shall be imprisonment for a term of three

1931.

Foodstuffs (Prevention

of Exploitation) Act, 1931.

Ch. 51.

369

months, or a fine of five hundred pounds, or

both such imprisonment and fine, together

with the forfeiture of any articles in respect

of which the offence was committed or of any

profits accruing to the person committing

the offence in respect of the transaction to

which the offence relates, or the forfeiture

of both such articles and such profits:

Provided that no such regulations shall alter any

existing procedure in criminal cases, or confer any right

to punish by fine or imprisonment without trial.

(3) Any regulations made under this Act shall be

laid before each House of Parliament as soon as may be

after they are made, and, if an Address is presented to

His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the

next subsequent twenty days on which that House has

sat next after any such regulation is laid before it

praying that the regulation may be annulled, it shall

thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the

validity of anything done thereunder or to the making

of any new regulation.

(4) As regards any regulation made under this Act

neither the expiry of this Act, nor the revocation of the

regulation, shall affect the previous operation thereof, or

the validity of any action taken thereunder, or any

penalty, forfeiture or punishment incurred in respect of

any contravention thereof or failure to comply therewith,

or any proceeding or remedy in respect of any such penalty

forfeiture or punishment.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Foodstuffs Short title,

(Prevention of Exploitation) Act, 1931. extent and

diihition.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall cease to have effect on the

expiration of six months from the passing thereof.

370 Ch. 52. Sunday Performances 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Temporary Regulation) Act, 1931. '

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to enable the existing practice as to

cinematograph and musical entertainments on

Sundays to be continued temporarily and to

make temporary provision as to the enforcement of the enactments relating to Sunday

observance.

[7th October 1931.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Continuance of

practice as

to cinematograph and

musical

entertainments.

9 Edw. 7.

c. 30.

1.—(1) Where in any area places licensed by the

authority having power in that area to issue licences

under the Cinematograph Act, 1909, or by the authority

having power in that area to issue licences under any

enactment for the regulation of places kept or ordinarily

used for public dancing, singing, music, or other public

entertainment of the like kind, have, within the period of

one year before the passing of this Act, been opened and

used on Sundays for the purpose of cinematograph entertainments or for the purpose of musical entertainments

in pursuance of arrangements purported to have been

made with those authorities respectively, then, notwithstanding anything in any enactment relating to Sunday

observance, those authorities respectively may, while

this Act is in force, allow places in that area licensed

under the said enactments to be opened and used on

Sundays for the purpose of cinematograph entertainments or for the purpose of musical entertainments

subject to such conditions as the authority may thmk

fit to impose.

(2) In this section—

" Cinematograph entertainment" means the exhibition of pictures or other optical effects by

means of a cinematograph or other similar

apparatus with or without the mechanical

reproduction of sound:

1931.

L

Sunday Performances

(Temporary Regulation) Act, 1931.

Ch. 52.

371

" Musical entertainment" means a concert or

similar entertainment consisting of the performance of music, with or without singing or

recitation.

2. Any action or other legal proceeding for any

penalty under the Sunday Observance Act, 1780, instituted before the passing of this Act shall be discharged

and made void, subject, in the case of a proceeding

instituted before the second day of April, nineteen

hundred and thirty-one, to such order as to costs as

the court or a judge thereof may think fit to make;

and no such proceeding shall, while this Act is in force,

be instituted without the consent of the Attorney-

General or the Solicitor-General.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Sunday

Performances (Temporary Regulation) Act, 1931.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to

Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall continue in force for the period

of one year after the passing thereof and no longer.

Provisions

as to enforcement

of 21 Geo. 3.

o. 49.

Short title,

extent and

duration.

TABLE II

A TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE MEASURES PASSED BY

THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

SESSION.

[21 & 22 George 5.]

Royal Assent, 27th March, 1931.

No. 1. A Measure to extend the Episcopal Pensions Measure,

1926, with modifications to the bishopric of Sodor and Man,

and to make consequential provisions. (Episcojial Pensions

(Sodor and Man).)

No. 2. A Measure to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

to make or guarantee loans for purposes in connection with

Church of England Training Colleges. (Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Loans for Church Training Colleges).)

Royal Assent, 8th July, 1931.

No. 3. A Measure to regulate the exercise of rights of presentation to benefices. (Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation).)

No. 4. A Measure to make further provision for the application

to the Channel Islands of Measures passed by the Church

Assembly. (Channel Islands (Church Legislation).)

No. 5. A Measure to provide for the representation of the

Channel Islands in the House of Laity and in the Diocesan

Conference of the Diocese of Winchester, (('hannel Islands

(Representation).)

B b

ii Table of the Measures. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

No. 6. A Measure to amend the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

(Provision for Unbeneficed Clergy) Measure, 1928. (Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Provision for Unbeneficed Clergy).)

No. 7. A Measure to establish and to define the functions,

powers, and duties of the Cathedral Commissioners for

England, to make provision with respect to the constitutions,

the property and revenues, the statutes of cathedral churches

and the patronage of the canonries therein, and in certain

cases with respect to the election of bishops by the chapters

thereof, to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to make

grants for the benefit of cathedral churches, and for purposes

connected therewith. (Cathedrals .)

MEASURES

PASSED BY THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

YEAR 1931.

21 Geo. 5.

No. 1.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To extend the Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1926,

with modifications to the bishopric of Sodor

and Man, and to make consequential provisions.

[27th March 1931.]

1. As from the passing of this Measure the Episcopal Application

Pensions Measure, 1926, shall extend and apply to the PenaionB Pal

bishopric of Sodor and Man and the bishop of that Measure,

bishopric as if the words "except the bishopric of bthopric of

Sodor and Man" were omitted from the first section Sodor and

of the last mentioned Measure. Ma " '

2. For the purpose of section four of the Episcopal Determina-

Pensions Measure, 1926, the amount of the income tion of

of the bishopric of Sodor and Man shall be determined j^cTrhf

from time to time by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners 16 pr

in their absolute discretion.

3. The Bishops Resignation Act, 1869, is hereby Repeal.

repealed to the extent following, that is to say— 32 & 33 Vict.

c 1X1

Section two thereof (from " with the exceptions

following " to " archbishop or bishop " at

the end of the paragraph numbered (3) in

that section) so far as it affects the diocese

and bishopric of Sodor and Man and the

whole of subsection (1) of section eleven thereof.

4. This Measure may be cited as the Episcopal Short title.

Pensions (Sodor and Man) Measure, 1931.

IV

No. 2. Ecclesiastical Commissioners 21 Geo. 5.

(Loans for Church Training Colleges) Measure, 1931.

Power to

make loans

for expenditure on

Church of

England

Training

Colleges.

Power to

guarantee

loans made

by other

lenders.

Borrowing

powers not

to be

enlarged or

jurisdiction

No. 2.

A MEASURE passed by the National .Assembly

of the Church of England.

To enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to

make or guarantee loans for purposes in connection with Church of England Training

Colleges.

[27th March 1931.]

1. —(1) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners (who are

hereinafter referred to as "the Commissioners") may,

notwithstanding any statutory or other restriction or

limitation of their powers of investment, out of capital

funds held by them, the income from which forms part

of their Common Fund, from time to time lend such

sums as the Commissioners may think fit for the purpose

of defraying expenditure upon buildings or lands belonging to or to be provided for any Church of England

Training College for Teachers, and so that any such loan

may be made either to the Central Board of Finance of the Church of England or, if the Central Board of Finance

shall so request, directly to any such College.

(2) Any such loan by the Commissioners may be

made upon such real or personal or partly real and partly

personal security as the Commissioners may accept, and

upon such terms and conditions as to interest and repayment of principal, as to approval of expenditure, and

as to the source from which payments in respect of

interest or principal shall be made as the Commissioners

may approve.

2. In addition to or instead of themselves making

any such loan the Commissioners may upon such terms

and conditions or unconditionally as they may think

proper guarantee at the risk of their Common Fund the

due repayment of any such loan made by any other body

or person and the payment of interest in respect thereof.

3. Nothing in this Measure shall confer on the Central

Board of Finance of the Church of England or on any

Church of England Training College for Teachers any

power of borrowing money or giving security which it

1931. Ecclesiastical Commissioners No. 2, 3. v

(Loans for Church Training Colleges) Measure . 1931.

did not possess at the passing of this Measure, or affect «f Board of

any jurisdiction over any charity or endowment vested Education

in the Board of Education. affected.

4. Thts Measure may be cited as the Ecclesiastical Short title.

Commissioners (Loans for Church Training Colleges)

Measure, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

No. 3.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To regulate the exercise of rights of presentation

to benefices.

[8th July 1931.]

1. A vacancy or impending vacancy in a benefice Notifica-

shall be notified by the bishop to the patron and the tion of

parochial church council. vacancies.

2. —(1) When a vacancy or impending vacancy Representa-

has been notified to a parochial church council under tions.

this Measure, such parochial church council may make

representations in writing to the patron as to the

conditions, needs and traditions of the parish, but

without mentioning the name of any particular clerk.

(2) A copy of any representations made under

this section shall be sent to the bishop unless the bishop

is himself the patron.

3. — (1) A patron shall be entitled to exercise his Exercise of

right of presenting or collating to a vacant benefice rights of

in the same maimer as if this Measure ha’d not been Presenta-

passed, unless the parochial church council within thirty JoiiaUon

days after the vacancy or impending vacancy has been

notified under this Measure shall pass a resolution

(which shall forthwith be notified by the council to

the bishop and the patron) that the provisions hereinafter in this section contained shall have effect.

vi No. 3. Benefices (Exercise of 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Rights of Presentation) Measure, 1931.

(2) If in respect of any vacancy such a resolution

shall be passed within the period aforesaid, the following

provisions shall have effect (that is to say):—

(i) The patron shall be entitled to exercise his

right of presentation after conferring either

personally or through a representative with

and obtaining the consent of the churchwardens acting as the representatives of the

parochial church council;

(ii) In any case where a period of sixty days has

elapsed after the vacancy or impending vacancy

has been notified under this Measure and

(a) after a conference with the churchwardens under this section, the churchwardens have not given their consent, or

(b) such conference has for any reason

other than the neglect or refusal of the

patron not taken place,

the patron shall be entitled to exercise his

right of presentation after obtaining the bishop’s

approval of the clerk presented as being suitable

for the duties attaching to the cure of souls

in the particular benefice concerned:

Provided that—

(a) The bishop before giving or withholding his

approval may, and shall, if the patron or

parochial church council so requires, consult

the body of advisers established by this

Measure;

(b) If the bishop finally withholds his approval,

the patron may bring his decision before

the archbishop for review, and may lawfully

present the clerk concerned if the archbishop

shall authorise such presentation;

(iii) A presentation shall not be valid unless made

with such consent or approval or authorisation

as is required by the foregoing paragraphs

of this subsection;

(iv) If the bishop is the patron, he shall before

collating any clerk consult the churchwardens

acting as the representatives of the parochial

church council and also if he shall deem it

1931. Benefices (Exercise of No. 3. vii

Rights of Presentation) Measure, 1931.

expedient or if the churchwardens shall so

require, the body of advisers established by

this Measure;

(v) ^he last preceding paragraph shall also apply

where the patronage of a vacant benefice

has lapsed to a bishop or archbishop.

4. —-(1) A body of advisers for the purposes of this Advisers.

Measure shall in every diocese consist of—

(i) three clerks in Holy Orders elected triennially

by the Chamber of Clergy of the Diocesan

Conference;

(ii) four laymen elected triennially by the Chamber

of Laity of the Diocesan Conference; and

(iii) the archdeacon, who shall be the chairman

with power to call meetings and otherwise

regulate the procedure of the body.

(2) The Diocesan Conference shall have power—

(i) to fix a quorum for a body of advisers and

to make provision with respect to casual

vacancies;

(ii) to make provision for a separate body of

advisers for each archdeaconry in the diocese

and to determine the manner of the election

of the elected members of such body.

(3) A member of a body of advisers who is interested

as sole patron of a benefice or as a clerk whose

presentation to a benefice is proposed shall not take

any part in advising the bishop under this Measure

with reference to such benefice, and, where the archdeacon is so interested, his powers and duties under

this section shall devolve upon such other member

of the body of advisers as the bishop may select.

5. The period between the occurrence of a vacancy Lapse,

in a benefice and the notification thereof under this

Measure and any period during which the decision of

a bishop withholding approval under this Measure is

under review by an archbishop shall respectively not

be reckoned for purposes of lapse.

6. Nothing in this Measure shall affect the existing Institution,

law relating to institution.

viii

Crown

patronage.

Notification,

&c., to

patron.

Interpretation.

No. 3. Benefices (Exercise of 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Rights of Presentation) Measure, 1931.

7. Nothing in this Measure shall apply to rights

of presentation vested in or exercised by His Majesty,

whether in right of his Crown, or of his Duchy of

Lancaster, or to rights of presentation vested in or

exercised by His Majesty or by the Duke of Cornwall,

as the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of

Cornwall, or to rights of presentation exercised by

the Admiralty in respect of benefices the patronage

of which belongs to Greenwich Hospital.

8. Any notification or other communication to be

given or made to a patron under this Measure shall

be deemed to have been duly given or made if sent

by post addressed to the patron at his last known

place of abode or business in the United Kingdom, or,

if there is no such place or the same is unknown, such

notification or other communication may be given

or made by advertisement in a newspaper circulating

in the neighbourhood of the benefice concerned.

9. In this Measure—

the expression "impending vacancy " shall mean

only such a vacancy as the bishop considers

must necessarily occur within such a period

that in his opinion it is reasonable to notify

it under this Measure;

the expression "presentation " includes nomination and any other manner of filling vacant

benefices other than collation, and the word

" present " shall be construed accordingly;

the expression "the patron " with reference to

any benefice means the person or persons

for the time being entitled otherwise than

by lapse to present or collate to such benefice

upon a vacancy;

the expressions " the bishop, " " the archdeacon "

and " the archbishop " when used with reference to a benefice mean respectively the

bishop (including, during the vacancy in a

see, the guardian of the spiritualities) the

archdeacon and the archbishop in whose

diocese, archdeaconry and province the

benefice is situate, except that where the

bishop of such diocese is an archbishop

1931. Benefices (Exercise of No. 3, 4.

Rights of Presentation) Measure, 1931.

the expression "the archbishop " shall mean

the archbishop of the other province; and

the expression "Diocesan Conference " means

the Diocesan Conference of the diocese in

which the benefice concerned is situate.

10. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, Commence-

this Measure shall come into operation on the appointed ment.

day.

(2) The appointed day shall be such day not later

than twelve months after the passing of this Measure

as the Archbishops of Canterbury and York may

determine.

(3) The determination by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York of the appointed day shall be notified

by advertisement in the London Gazette.

(4) The provisions of this Measure providing for

the constitution of bodies of advisers shall come into

operation on the passing of this Measure.

11. This Measure may be cited as the Benefices Short title.

(Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure, 1931.

12. This Measure shall apply to the whole of the Extent.

Provinces of Canterbury and York except the Channel

Islands and the Isle of Man.

No. 4.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To make further provision for the application to

the Channel Islands of Measures passed by

the Church Assembly.

[8th July 1931.]

1. In this Measure— Interpre-

The expression "the Islands" means (a) the ta, tion ’

Island of Jersey; and (b) the Island and

Bailiwick of Guernsey and its dependencies;

and references to each or either of the Islands

shall be construed accordingly;

X

No. 4.

Channel Inlands 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Church Legislation) Measure, 1931.

Application

of future

Measures.

Application

of past

Measures.

Variation of

Measures

applied.

Saving for

other

methods of

procedure.

Short title.

The expression "the States" means the States of

Deliberation of each Island as constituted

from time to time;

The expression "the Bishop" means thq Bishop of

Winchester for the time being;

The expression "the Decanal Conference " means

for each Island an assembly of clergy and

laity recognised by the Bishop as the Decanal

Conference of that Island, and consisting of

clergy and lay persons of which persons some

shall be lay representatives elected in accordance with the Channel Islands (Representation) Measure, 1931.

2. Any Measure receiving the Royal Assent after the

passing of this Measure, which contains an express provision that it may be applied to the Islands, or either of

them, in accordance with this Measure, may, within two

3 T ears after its passing, be so applied in accordance with

the procedure set out in the Schedule hereto.

3. Any Measure which has received the Royal

Assent before the passing of this Measure may, within

live years from the passing of this Measure, be applied in

like manner.

4. Any measure so applied shall, as from the date of the Order in Council referred to in the Schedule hereto,

he deemed to include, with regard to each Island to which

it is so applied, the variations (if any) contained in the

scheme relating thereto.

5. Nothing in this Measure shall affect—

(a) any procedure for applying Measures to the

Islands, or either of them, other than the

procedure hereby authorised; or

(b) the direct application to the Islands, or either

of them, of Measures or parts of Measures

dealing exclusively with the formularies of the

Church of England or the spiritual rights or

privileges of its members.

6. This Measure may be cited as the Channel

Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931.

1931.

Channel Islands No. 4, 5.

(Church Legislation) Measure, 1931.

xi

SCHEDULE.

1. If "and whenever the Bishop comes to the conclusion that

a Measure ought to be applied either wholly or partly and either

with or without variations to the Islands or either of them, he

may prepare a draft scheme for the purpose.

2. In coming to such conclusion and in preparing the draft

scheme the Bishop shall proceed in consultation with the Decanal

Conference of the Island concerned, or, if the scheme relates to

both the Islands, with the Decanal Conferences of both.

3. The Bishop shall before the draft scheme is finally settled

send particulars of what is proposed to be effected thereby to the

Secretary of State for the Home Department in order that they

may be communicated to the States of the Island concerned, or

of the Islands, as the case may be, for the ascertainment of their

views thereon.

4. The scheme when finally settled shall be presented by the

Bishop to the Church Assembly, who may, by resolution, approve

or reject it, but shall not have power to amend it. No such

resolution shall be passed by the Church Assembly unless the

scheme to which it refers has been in the hands of its members

for at least one calendar month.

5. If the scheme is approved by the Church Assembly, it

shall be forwarded forthwith to the said Secretary of State for

submission to His Majesty in Council, and His Majesty in Council

may thereupon make an Order confirming the scheme and

directing that the Measure shall apply to the Island concerned,

or to the Islands, as the case may be, in accordance with the

scheme.

No. 5.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To provide for the representation of the Channel

Islands in the House of Laity and in the

Diocesan Conference of the Diocese of

Winchester.

[8th July 1931.]

WHEREAS the Channel Islands are perpetually annexed Preamble,

and united to the Diocese of Winchester and have no

direct representation in the House of Laity or in the

No. 5.

xii

Channel Islands 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Representation) Measure, 1931.

Diocesan Conference of the Diocese of Winchester, and it

is expedient that they should have such direct representation, and that the procedure for effecting the same

should be adapted to the special conditions prevailing

in those Islands:

Interpre- 1 . In this Measure—

tation - The expression "the Islands" means (a) the

Island of Jersey, and (b)the Island and

Bailiwick of Guernsey and its dependencies;

and references to each or either of the Islands

shall be construed accordingly;

The expression "the Bishop" means the Bishop

of Winchester for the time being;

The expression "the Diocesan Conference " means

the Diocesan Conference of the Diocese of

Winchester;

The expression "the Decanal Conference " means

for each Island an assembly recognised by

the Bishop as the Decanal Conference of that

Island and consisting of clergy and lay

persons of which persons some shall be lay

representatives elected in accordance with

this Measure; or, until such Decanal Con- •

ference has been constituted, the Assembly

recognised by the Bishop as the Decanal

Conference of that Island.

Representation of the

Channel

Islands in

the House

of Laity.

Duties of

Decanal

Conferences.

2. Provided that a Decanal Conference is in being

and the provisions of sections three, four and five of this

Measure are complied with, each Island shall be entitled

to have one representative in the House of Laity, and

shall be a separate electoral area for that purpose.

3. The Decanal Conference of each Island shall—

(a) provide for the forming, keeping and revising

of a church electoral roll for that Island and

the election of lay members of the Decanal

Conference;

(b) elect representatives both clerical and lay to

the Diocesan Conference in accordance with

directions given by that conference; and

(c) elect, through its lay members, one member of the House of Laity.

1931.

Channel Islands

(Representation) Measure, 1931.

No. 5.

xiii

4. The persons entitled to have their names entered

upon the church electoral roll of each Island shall be

lay members of the Church of England, of either sex, of

eighteen years of age and upwards, who—

(cl) are baptized and declare that they are members

of the Church of England, and that they do

not belong to any religious body which is not

in communion with the Church of England;

and

(b) are resident in the Island; and

(c) have signed the form of application for enrolment set out in the Schedule to this Measure.

5. Lay representatives on the Decanal Conference

of each Island shall be elected annually, not later in the

year than in Easter week or in the following week, by

the persons whose names are entered upon the church

electoral roll of that Island. The number of such representatives, the manner of their election, and the areas

which they are to represent, shall be determined for each

Island by the Decanal Conference.

6. All lay representatives (whether in the House of

Laity, or in the Diocesan Conference, or in the Decanal

Conference) shall be actual lay communicant members of the Church of England of twenty-one years of age and

upwards.

7. Subject to the provisions of this Measure, the

Decanal Conference shall have power to make rules for

giving effect to the purposes expressed in section three

hereof and for settling its own procedure, and from time

to time to vary or rescind the same, provided that such

rules and any variation or rescission of the same shall

require the approval of the Bishop, who shall have regard

to the provisions of the Constitution of the Church

Assembly, including the rules for the representation of the laity; and shall take effect only from the date when

such approval is given.

8. This Measure may be cited as the Channel

Islands (Representation) Measure, 1931.

Qualification of

electors.

Election of

lay representatives

on Decanal

Conferences,

All lay representatives to be

lay communicants.

Power to

Decanal

Conferences

to make

rules.

Short title.

XIV

No. 5, 6.

Channel Islands 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(Representation) Measure, 1931.

Office or

employment

qualifying

for further

provision.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Application for Enrolment on Church

Electoral Roll.

I. (Full Christian name and surname)

of.(j Full postal address)

declare that I have attained the age of eighteen years and reside

in the Island or Bailiwick of.

and am a member of the Church of England, and do not belong

to any religious body which is not in communion with the Church

of England.

I hereby apply to be entered on the church electoral roll of

Jersey (Guernsey).

I declare that my name is not on the church electoral roll of any

parish in the Diocese of Winchester.

Signed .

Dale

No. 6.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To amend the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Provision for Unbeneficed Clergy) Measure, 1928.

[8th July 1931.]

1. In paragraph (iii) of subsection (1) of section one

of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Provision for Unbeneficed Clergy) Measure, 1928 (hereinafter referred to

as " the principal Measure "), the words "or is employed

" as whole-time chaplain of any such religious estab-

" lishment or institution as may be prescribed " shall be

inserted between the words "incumbent of a benefice "

and " in some part."

1931. Ecclesiastical Commissioners No. 6, 7.

{Provision for Unbeneficed Clergy) Measure, 1928

(Amendment) Measure, 1931.

2. This Measure may be cited as the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners (Provision for Unbeneficed Clergy) Measure,

1928 (Amendment) Measure, 1931, and the principal

Measure a, nd this Measure may be cited together as the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Provision for Unbeneficed

Clergy) Measures, 1928 and 1931.

No. 7.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To establish and to define the functions, powers,

and duties of the Cathedral Commissioners for

England, to make provision with respect to the

constitutions, the property and revenues, the

statutes of cathedral churches and the patronage of the canonries therein, and in certain

cases with respect to the election of bishops by

the chapters thereof, to enable the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners to make grants for the benefit of

cathedral churches, and for purposes connected

therewith.

[8th July 1931.]

Cathedral Commissioners.

1. For the purposes of this Measure there shall be

established a body of Commissioners (in this Measure

referred to as "the Commissioners") constituted in

manner laid down by the First Schedule to this Measure.

2. —(1) The principal function of the Commissioners

shall be to provide by means of schemes under this

Measure for—

(i) the establishment of constitutions and the making

of statutes for the cathedral churches to which

this Measure applies;

(ii) the revision of the constitutions and statutes

of such churches;

(iii) the administration and application of the property and revenues of such churches, including

xv

Short title.

Establishment of

Commissioners.

Principal

function of

Commissioners.

XVI

No. 7.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Consenting

bodies.

any trust funds applicable to any special

purpose in connection with such churches and

any revenues derived from voluntary payments

or fees; and

(iv) the administration and application of the property and revenues annexed or belonging to

any dignity or office or any corporation

aggregate or sole in such churches.

(2) The Commissioners shall in performing their

principal function—-

(i) be responsible to the Church Assembly, have

regard to any resolution passed by the Church

Assembly relating to the manner in which this

Measure is to be carried into effect, and make

to the Church Assembly an annual report on

their work;

(ii) confer with the respective consenting bodies of the cathedral churches to which this Measure

applies, and, in any case where any transfer of

any funds or property either to or by the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners is involved, with

the Ecclesiastical Commissioners;

(iii) consider and, so far as is compatible with

carrying into effect the general purposes of this Measure, have regard to the history and

customs of each of the cathedral churches to

which this Measure applies; and

(iv) take into consideration the report, dated the

twelfth day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-seven, of the Cathedrals Commission

appointed in pursuance of a resolution of the

Church Assembly and the several recommendations of the said report:

Provided that nothing contained in the said

report shall be deemed to be imperative.

3.—(1) For the purposes of this Measure the

expression " consenting body " means—

(i) in the case of each of the cathedral churches

mentioned in the Second Schedule to this

Measure a body comprising—

(a) the bishop of the diocese to which such

cathedral church belongs, who shall be the

chairman;

1931.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

No. 7.

XVII

(b) the dean (if any);

(c) the incumbent (if any);

(< d) the canons, whether residentiary or not,

including clerks in Holy Orders who under

the authority of the bishop are designated

canons; and,

(e) if such cathedral church is a parish

church, such two members of the parochial

church council of the parish concerned as such

council shall appoint as its representatives,

and so that the appointing council shall have

power to replace any representative so appointed who shall die or resign, or cease to

be a member of the appointing council,

or whom the appointing council shall desire

to remove, by another of its members;

(ii) in the case of the cathedral church of Truro, the

general chapter as defined by the Truro Bishopric

and Chapter Acts Amendment Act, 1887; and 50 & 51

Vict. c.

(iii) in the case of the other cathedral churches to

which this Measure applies, the dean and

chapter as at present constituted.

12 .

(2) Every consenting body shall have power to give

any consent and to enter into any agreement with the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners in any case where such

consent or agreement is required to enable this Measure

to be carried into effect, and for these purposes may

hold meetings, regulate its own proceedings, and take

such other steps as circumstances may require, but so

that—

(i) in any case where a consenting body is divided in

opinion, the decision of the majority shall

prevail;

(ii) in the case of an equality of votes, the bishop or

a dean, acting as chairman of a consenting

body, shall be entitled to a second or casting

vote; and,

(iii) if any question shall arise as to the composition

and procedure of a consenting body under and

for the purposes of this Measure, the Commissioners shall have power to determine such

question.

Cc

xviii

Powers and

duties of

Commissioners.

No. 7. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

4. — (1) The powers and duties of the Commissioners

(which shall be exercised and performed in such manner

as shall contribute to the proper discharge of the principal

function of the Commissioners as defined by this Measure)

shall be—

(i) to require from the cathedral chapter of"or from

any person holding any dignity or office in, any

of the cathedral churches to which this Measure

applies, or from any corporation aggregate or

sole in such churches—

(a) the production of any statutes, documents or accounts relating either to such

churches the dignities and offices and the

corporations sole or aggregate therein, or to

any property and revenues for the administration and application of which provision may

be made by means of schemes under this

Measure; and,

(b) any information relating to the same

matters which the Commissioners may require;

(ii) to frame schemes under this Measure and to take

such steps as may be necessary to secure that

such schemes shall, with or without modification,

have effect as law in accordance with the provisions of this Measure in that behalf;

(iii) to rescind, revoke, amend, or vary the whole or

any part of any scheme having effect under this

Measure by a further scheme;

(iv) to promote in the Church Assembly such

Measures as may be required in addition to or

in lieu of schemes under this Measure;

(vf subject to the consent of the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners as to the number of the persons

appointed, and the respective amounts or rates

of their remuneration, to appoint and remove

a secretary and such other officers as may be

necessary, to prescribe their duties, and to fix

their remuneration;

(ri) to receive and examine the audited accounts of the cathedral churches to which this Measure

applies, and to confer thereon, and also as to any

1931.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

No. 7.

xix

* increased financial provision that may be required for such churches, with the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners;

(vii) to make rules regulating the conduct of their

business; and

(viii)*to exercise the other powers and to discharge

the other duties conferred and imposed on the

Commissioners by this Measure, and by schemes

under this Measure.

(2) The powers of the Commissioners under this

Measure may be exercised from time to time as occasion

shall require.

(3) The powers of the Commissioners shall continue

in force until such date not being earlier than the expiration of seven years from the passing of this Measure, or

later than the expiration of twelve years from the passing

of this Measure as the Church Assembly may by resolution

determine, and in the absence of such determination

shall cease on the expiration of twelve years from the

passing of this Measure.

Schemes.

5. The following provisions as to schemes framed Draft

under this Measure shall have effect (that is to say):— schemes

(i) before a draft scheme is framed for any cathedral

church, the Commissioners and the consenting

body of such church shall consult together

about the matters to be dealt with by the

scheme, and may mutually interchange suggestions relating to such matters, including suggested draft schemes, and after such consultation and due consideration by the Commissioners

of all such suggestions, the Commissioners shall

proceed to frame the draft scheme;

(ii) the Commissioners shall submit every draft

scheme framed by them to every person or body

whose consent to the scheme is required by this

Measure, and shall take such steps as they may

think expedient for communicating the contents

thereof to such persons and bodies as are

affected by the scheme and to the Church

Assembly;

(iii) the Commissioners may introduce into a draft

scheme such amendments as they may think

xx No.

7. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

expedient, either in view of any representations

made to them by any person or body whose consent to the scheme is required by this Measure

or who is affected thereby, or on any other

ground, and references in the subsequent paragraphs of this section to a draft scheme shall

include a draft scheme as amended pursuant to

this paragraph;

(iv) the Commissioners shall take such steps as they

m?y think expedient for communicating any

amendments introduced into a draft scheme

under the last preceding paragraph to such persons and bodies as are affected by the scheme

and to the Church Assembly;

(v) in any case where the consent of every person

and body whose consent is required by this

Measure has been given to a draft scheme, the

Commissioners may approve such draft scheme;

(vi) every approved draft scheme shall be available

for inspection by any person at some convenient

place in the diocese concerned selected by the

Commissioners during such period, within such

hours and upon payment of such fee as the

Commissioners shall determine;

(vii) the Commissioners shall publish an advertisement of every approved draft scheme setting

out its objects and also all necessary particulars

with regard to the inspection thereof in at least

one newspaper circulating in the district in

which the cathedral church affected by the

scheme is situate;

(viii) in any case where—

(a) a period of at least one month has

elapsed after the publication of the advertisement of an approved draft scheme, and

(b) the Church Assembly has held at least

one session commencing after the expiration

of such period of one month without any

resolution having been passed requesting

the Commissioners not to seal such approved

draft scheme,

the Commissioners may seal the same with

their common seal.

1931.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

No. 7.

xxi

6.—(1) The following provisions as to schemes Procedure

sealed by the Commissioners under this Measure shall for giving

have effect (that is to say):— effect to

(i) the Commissioners shall, within one month after

paling any scheme, submit such scheme to His

Majesty in Council, and notice of its having been

so submitted shall be published in the London

Gazette and communicated to such persons and

bodies as are, in the opinion of the Commissioners, affected by the scheme;

(ii) during a period of three months after the publication of the said notice in the London Gazette

(or such extended period as the Privy Council

may on application determine) a person or body

whose interests appear to the Privy Council to

be affected by any scheme may appeal to His

Majesty in Council against the scheme or any

part thereof;

(iii) if any appeal is so made, His Majesty in Council

may order and direct that the appeal shall be

heard by a Committee of the Privy Council, and

such Committee shall make a report to His

Majesty in Council thereon and may propose to

His Majesty in Council either—

(a) to allow the appeal, in which case no

further proceedings shall be taken in relation

to the scheme, but without prejudice to the

framing of a new scheme; or

(b) to refer the scheme back to the Commissioners for further consideration, in which

case the scheme may, after the Commissioners have, with the consent of every

person or body whose consent to the scheme

is required by this Measure, introduced into

it such amendments as they may consider

expedient, be re-sealed by them, and the

provisions of this section relating to schemes

sealed by the Commissioners shall thereupon

become applicable to such amended scheme;

or

(c) to dismiss the appeal;

(iv) after the expiration of the period during which

an appeal may be brought against a scheme,

xxii

Costs of

appeals

against

schemes.

Consents

required to

schemes.

No. 7. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

i

such scheme shall, provided that any appeal

brought against the same has been dismissed,

be laid before each House of Parliament for a

period of twenty days during which the House is

sitting, and if either of those Houses before the

expiration of those twenty days presents an

Address to His Majesty against the scheme, no

further proceedings shall be taken in relation

thereto, but without prejudice to the framing

of a new scheme; but if no such Address against

a scheme shall be presented, His Majesty may

confirm such scheme by Order in Council;

(v) notice of every scheme confirmed by Order in

Council shall be published in the London

Gazette, and thereupon such scheme shall be

effectual in law as if contained in this Measure.

(2) The Privy Council may from time to time make

rules of procedure and practice for regulating proceedings

upon appeals against schemes under this Measure.

(3) After the cesser of the powers of the Commissioners, the provisions of this section shall continue to

apply to any scheme sealed by the Commissioners before

such cesser, with the substitution for the Commissioners

of such persons as the Standing Committee of the Church

Assembly may appoint.

7. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have

power at their discretion to pay out of moneys forming

part of their common fund or derived from properties and

investments the income of which is paid into their common fund the whole or such part as they may think fit of the costs and expenses incurred by any person in respect

of an appeal by him to His Majesty in Council against a

scheme under this Measure.

8. The Commissioners shall not approve or seal any

scheme framed under this Measure (other than a scheme

for the transfer to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners of any

endowment consisting of land or relating to any corporation aggregate of minor canons or of other holders of

similar offices) without the consent of the consenting body

of the cathedral church to which the scheme relates and

of the bishop of the diocese to which such cathedral

church belongs.

1931.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

No. 7.

XX1U

9. The Commissioners shall, subject to the provisions

of this Measure, frame and submit to His Majesty in

Council in maimer laid down by this Measure schemes

under this Measure containing statutes for every cathedral

church to which this Measure applies, which shall—

(1) provide that the bishop of the diocese to which

a cathedral church belongs shall be the visitor

thereof;

(ii) define the pow r ers and duties of the bishop as

visitor; and

(iii) prescribe the occasions and conditions upon and

subject to which the bishop is to have the right

personally to celebrate the Holy Communion and

to preach in the cathedral church, and to use the

cathedral church for ordinations, confirmations,

and other services.

10. —(1) The Commissioners shall also, subject to the

provisions of this Measure, frame and submit to His

Majesty in Council in manner laid dowm by this Measure

schemes under this Measure containing such further

statutes for every cathedral church to which this Measure

applies, and such other provisions as may be required to

enable this Measure to be carried into effect.

(2) Such statutes or the other provisions contained

in such schemes shall in the case of every cathedral church

for which schemes are framed under this section—

(i) prescribe that the cathedral chapter shall act

for certain purposes as a general cathedral

chapter consisting of the dean and all the canons

and prebendaries, whether residentiary or not,

and for other purposes as an administrative

chapter consisting of the dean and chapter as at

present constituted (or, in any case where there

is no dean and chapter at the passing of this

Measure, of the dean and such of the canons and

prebendaries as may be laid down by such

statutes or other provisions), and define—

(a) the powers, privileges, rights and duties

of the dean;

(b) the pow r ers and duties of the general

cathedral chapter and the administrative

chapter respectively, making provision also

for the future exercise and performance of the

Schemes

concerning

the relations

of bishops

to their

cathedral

churches

Schemes

relating to

the chapters

of cathedral

churches.

xxiv No. 7. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

powers and duties which by this Measure are

conferred and imposed on the consenting

body;

(ii) prescribe that the purposes for which the

cathedral chapter shall act as an administrative

chapter shall include the regulation arid superintendence of the services, fabric, fittings, ornaments, furniture and monuments in the cathedral

church, but so that anything prescribed pursuant to this paragraph shall have and shall

provide that the cathedral chapter shall have

due regard to the statutes defining and to the

traditions of such church relating to the position

of the bishop, the dean, the canons, and the

prebendaries respectively;

(iii) regulate and define the functions and duties of the canons residentiary, and where expedient

provide for the canons residentiary holding

special offices in the cathedral church, such as

the offices of precentor, chancellor, and treasurer;

(iv) regulate the administration and application of

all property and revenues of or held in connection with the cathedral church for the administration and application of which provision may be

made by means of schemes under this Measure;

(v) fix the maximum share of the capitular revenues

to be allocated as the incomes of the dean and of the canons residentiary, regard being had to the

maintenance of the services and the fabric of the

cathedral church, to the obligations of the dean

and canons residentiary in respect of residence,

and to the duties attached to their several

dignities or offices;

(vi) make such provision as may be practicable (in

aid of any pensions for the time being provided

under any statute or Measure or otherwise) for

securing that the aggregate of the pensions or

superannuation allowances, payable to the dean

and canons residentiary respectively, shall be

such as the cathedral chapter, acting as an

administrative chapter, may determine to be

adequate, and prescribe that, after the cathedral

chapter so acting has so determined, the dean

and canons residentiary shall respectively vacate

office on attaining the age of seventy-five years,

1931.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

No. 7.

XXV

subject (but only if the consenting body shall

require such provisions to be inserted in the

scheme) to provisions for continuance in office

in cases in which the visitor after consultation

with the cathedral chapter so desires;

(vii) make such provision as may be practicable for

providing pensions or superannuation allowances

(where the case so admits in aid of any pensions

for the time being provided under any statute or

Measure or otherwise) for—

(a) clerks in Holy Orders, other than the

dean and the canons residentiary, serving for

remuneration in the cathedral church, and

(b) laymen similarly serving;

(viii) create or provide for the creation in any case in

which it is expedient of residentiary canonries the

holders of which shall continue in office for a

specified term of years oidy, either with or

without eligibility for reappointment;

(ix) provide in any case in which it is expedient for

assigning a portion of the capitular revenues or

property for the promotion of the study of

theology or other branches of sacred learning

or sacred music or ecclesiastical art, or for the

maintenance and benefit of persons of known

ability and learning engaged upon study or research in theology or other branches of sacred

learning, or sacred music or ecclesiastical art;

(x) regulate the total number of the non-residentiary

canons and prebendaries upon the footing that

such total number shall in ordinary cases not

be less than twelve or more than thirty, but so

that for special reasons connected with the

history and traditions of any cathedral church

there may be a greater number of non-residentiary canons and prebendaries in such church;

(xi) prescribe that non-residentiary canons and prebendaries shall vacate office upon leaving the

diocese unless requested in writing to continue in

office by the bishop of the diocese, but so that

non-residentiary canons who have been appointed

in connection with some office held or function

performed by them shall so long as they hold

such office or perform such function continue as

non-residentiary canons;

xxvi No. 7. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

(xii) empower the bishop of the diocese to confer the

designation of dean emeritus, canon, emeritus or ‘

prebendary emeritus upon any dean, canon or

prebendary who has vacated office;

(xiii) prescribe that any presentations or nominations

to benefices in the patronage of the cathedral

chapter shall be exercised by the cathedral

chapter in its corporate capacity, acting either

as an administrative chapter or as a general

cathedral chapter as shall be prescribed, and that

any charter, cathedral statute, usage or custom

to the contrary shall cease to have effect;

(xiv) prescribe that the appointment of all clerks in

Holy Orders and laymen serving in the cathedral

church concerned shall rest with the administrative chapter or a committee thereof, and that

the terms of service, duties and remuneration of

such clerks and laymen shall be such as shall be

fixed by the administrative chapter or a committee thereof, but subject to such conditions

and regulations as shall be prescribed;

(xv) contain suitable directions in respect of the

cathedral music and the education of the choristers, and as to the duties of the organist;

(xvi) contain such further and other directions as

shall be proper so as to enable this Measure so

far as it affects such cathedral church to be

fully carried into effect;

and may also where it shall be necessary in order to give

effect to any scheme (including a scheme affecting more

than one cathedral church) provide for—

(a) a transfer of any endowment or of any dignities

or offices from one cathedral church to another

which has been agreed upon by the respective

consenting bodies of such cathedral churches; or

(b) the establishment of a cathedral chapter or the

creation, suppression or suspension of dignities

or offices in a cathedral church.

H.-(l) In any case where the Commissioners by

reason of the fact that a cathedral church is a parish

church or for any other reason which they consider

sufficient determine that a scheme caimot for the time

being be framed for such cathedral church in accordance

with the provisions of the last preceding section of this

Schemes

relating to

parish

church and

certain

other

cathedrals.

1931. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. No. 7. xxvii

Measure, the Commissioners shall, subject to the provisions of this Measure, frame and submit to His Majesty in

Council in mamier laid down by this Measure a scheme

under this Measure for such cathedral church containing

such statutes and other provisions as the Commissioners

in the particular circumstances of the case consider

appropriate.

(2) A scheme framed under the provisions of this

section for a cathedral church which is a parish church

shall provide that the incumbent shall be styled the

provost:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to the

cathedral church of St. Albans or, so long as in any

cathedral church the bishop acts as dean under the

authority of any statute or Measure, to such cathedral

church.

(3) A scheme framed under the provisions of this

section may—

(i) establish a cathedral chapter of which the provost

or dean, the canons of the cathedral church, and

the archdeacons of the diocese shall in every

case be members (the provost having such place

or precedence therein as is accorded to a dean

of a cathedral church), and of which the bishop

may be a member but only for such purposes as

may be defined by the scheme, and, subject to

the provisions of this section, regulate the

constitution and define the powers and duties

of such cathedral chapter both hi relation to the

cathedra] church and to the whole diocese; •

(ii) empower the bishop to confer the title of provost

emeritus on a provost who has vacated his

office;

(iii) establish a cathedral council of which the

bishop shall be chairman and the provost or

dean the vice-chairman, and the other members

of which shall be representatives of (a) the

cathedral chapter, (6) the parochial church

council of the cathedral church, and (c) the laity

of the diocese, and define the powers and duties

of such cathedral council, and the method of

election or appointment of its members.

(4) A scheme framed under the provisions of this

section shall provide that appointments of assistant

xxviii

Schemes

relating to

the transfer

of endowments

in land

to the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

No. 7. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

clergy, organist, choir, vergers, and other lay officers, in

the cathedral church to "which the scheme relates shall

he made in the same manner as before the framing of the

scheme.

(5) So soon as a cathedral council shall be constituted

for any cathedral church under this section, the powers

and duties of the consenting body for the purposes of this

Measure of such cathedral church shall be transferred to

and vest in such cathedral council.

12 . — (1)The Commissioners shall, as soon as is

practicable after the passing of this Measure, frame and

submit to His Majesty in Council in manner laid down by

this Measure schemes under this Measure providing for the

compulsory transfer to and vesting in the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners of the endowments to which this section

applies for such consideration, whether consisting of a

money payment or annuities or other property not being

land, as may be laid down by such schemes, and for all

matters incidental to such compulsory transfer.

(2) The amount of the consideration for any such

compulsory transfer shall be determined by agreement

between the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and the dean

and chapter of the cathedral church concerned, or

failing such agreement by the arbitration of two persons

nominated by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and

the dean and chapter respectively or by the umpire

of such persons.

(3) This section shall apply to all land forming

part of the endowment of any cathedral church (other

than the cathedral church of Manchester) to which

this Measure applies, or applicable for any special

purpose in connection with any such church or forming

part of the property of any deanery, canonry, prebend,

archdeaconry or office in any such church except—

(i) the site and fabric of any such church and

any other consecrated land or buildings;

(ii) any residence house;

(iii) any lands or buildings in or adjacent to the

precincts or used for or in connection with the

provision of stone or other building materials

useful for the upkeep of the cathedral church

or other buildings within the precincts which

the consenting body of such church may

1931.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

No. 7.

XXIX

require to be excluded from any scheme framed

under this section;

(iv) rights of patronage;

(v) tithe rentcharge and other rentcharges, rents,

tithes and payments in lieu of tithe vested in

Queen Anne’s Bounty under the Tithe Act, 1925.

(4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this

section, the Commissioners, in any case where they are

satisfied, by reason of exceptional circumstances connected with the history and traditions of a cathedral

church, or on the ground that a more economical

management will be secured, that any land subject to

compulsory transfer under this section ought to be

exempted from such compulsory transfer, shall have

power at their discretion, on the application of the

dean and chapter concerned, to exempt such land

accordingly.

13. The Commissioners shall frame and submit to

His Majesty in Council in manner laid down by this

Measure schemes under this Measure providing for—

(i) the compulsory transfer of all the property

both real and personal (including rights of

patronage) of any vicars choral, priest vicars,

senior vicars, custos and vicars warden, vicars

or minor canons or other subordinate officers

performing duties in any cathedral church to

which this Measure applies and constituting

a corporation aggregate in such church, such

transfer being, in the case of chattels, rights of

patronage, and any other interest which, if vested

in a cathedral chapter, would not be subject

to compulsory transfer under the last preceding

section of this Measure, to the cathedral chapter,

and in the case of all other real and personal

property, to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

in consideration of such an addition to the

corporate properties or revenues of such church,

whether consisting of a money payment or

annuities or other property, not being land,

as may be laid down by such schemes; the

amount of such consideration being determined

by agreement between the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and the dean and chapter of the

cathedral church concerned, or, failing such

agreement, by the arbitration of two persons

15 & 16

Geo. 5. e. 87.

Schemes

relating to

minor

corporations.

XXX

No. 7.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Schemes

relating to

the patronage of

residentiary

canonries.

Saving for

Crown

rights.

nominated by the Ecclesiastical Comniissioilers

and the dean and chapter respectively or by

the umpire of such persons;

(ii) the cesser and extinction of any annual or

other periodical payment payable to any such

corporation aggregate by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners;

(iii) the reconstitution of such corporation aggregate

upon such footing and with such statutes as

after consultation in each case with the consenting body of the cathedral church concerned

may be laid down by such schemes, or alternatively the dissolution of such corporation

aggregate;

(iv) the vesting of the real and personal property

transferred in the cathedral chapter of such

cathedral church or in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners as the case may require;

(v) the terms of service, duties and remuneration of the vicars choral, priest vicars, senior vicars,

custos and vicars warden, vicars or minor

canons or other subordinate officers concerned;

(vi) the future performance of the duties formerly

performed in such cathedral church by such

corporation aggregate or the members thereof;

and

(vii) all matters incidental to the other matters

provided for by such schemes.

14 . The Commissioners may, subject to the provisions of this Measure, frame and submit to His Majesty

in Council in manner laid down by tins Measure a

scheme or schemes under this Measure providing for a

redistribution of the patronage of residentiary canonries

in the cathedral churches to which this Measure applies

vested either in His Majesty or in diocesan bishops

with the object of providing that as far as may be

practicable there shall be vested in the bishop of

every diocese the right of patronage of at least one

residentiary canonry in the cathedral church of his

diocese.

15 . No scheme under this Measure affecting any

right of patronage or other right or interest of His

Majesty shall be submitted to His Majesty in Council

except with the consent of His Majesty.

1931.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

No. 7.

XXXI

16 . In any case where a scheme under this Measure Assurance

provides for the transfer of any real or personal of property

property (including rights of patronage), such scheme b y 8chemes -

may also provide for the transfer and vesting without

any conveyance or assurance other than the scheme

of the property requiring to be transferred.

17 . — (1)After the cesser of the powers of the Schemes

Commissioners the powers in relation to schemes under ma(ie after

this Measure conferred on the Commissioners by this j)f C j. t r sser

Measure may, subject to the provisions of this Measure, p 0wer8 of

be exercised by commissions (in this section referred the Com-

to as " appointed commissions ") appointed from time missioners.

to time by the standing committee of the Church

Assembly in pursuance of a resolution of the Assembly.

(2) An appointed commission shall consist of not

more than seven nor of less than three members.

(3) An appointed commission shall not exercise

its powers in respect of any cathedral church to which

the Measure applies except on the application of the

consenting body of such cathedral church.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section all the

provisions of this Measure relating to schemes under

this Measure shall, so far as applicable, apply to schemes

framed by an appointed commission with the substitution

of such appointed commission for the Commissioners.

(5) A scheme may be framed by an appointed

commission for a cathedral church to which this Measure

applies although no scheme was ever framed for such

church by the Commissioners, or although such church

was constituted a cathedral church after the cesser of the powers of the Commissioners.

(6) A scheme relating to a cathedral church to

which this Measure applies framed by an appointed

commission may amend any scheme relating to such

church framed by the Commissioners.

(7) The powers of an appointed commission shall

cease upon such commission reporting to the Standing

Committee of the Church Assembly that such powers

have been fully or sufficiently exercised in relation to

every cathedral church in respect of which the appointed

commission was authorised to exercise powers.

xxxii

Existing

powers of

making

cathedral

statutes.

Proof of

rules,

resolutions,

&c.

Grants by

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Expenses.

No. 7. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

General.

18 . No power, existing before the passing of this

Measure of making statutes for any cathedral church

to which this Measure applies (except a power exerciseable

by His Majesty) shall be exercised after the-ipassing of this Measure and before the cesser of the powers of the Commissioners without the consent of the Commissioners, nor after the cesser of the said powers shall

any such power be exercised except subject to any

scheme having effect under this Measure.

19 . Evidence of any rules regulating the conduct

of their business made by the Commissioners under

this Measure, of any resolution passed by the Commissioners, and of any instrument framed by the

Commissioners for the purpose of carrying this Measure

into effect, may be given bj 7 producing a copy of such

rules, resolution, or instrument sealed with the common

seal of the Commissioners.

20 . — (1)Subject to the provisions of this section,

the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have power to

make out of moneys forming part of their common

fund or derived from properties and investments the

income of which is paid into their common fund such

grants for the benefit of any cathedral church to which

this Measure applies as they may after due consideration

of the other claims on their resources deem expedient.

(2) This section shall not come into operation

until a resolution to that effect shall be passed by the

Church Assembly, and the power conferred by this

section shall be exercised subject to and in accordance

with any resolution of the Church Assembly as to the

total amount of any grants and the period within which

any grants may be made.

21 . — (1)The salaries of the secretary and other

officers of the Commissioners . duly appointed under

the provisions of this Measure, and all expenses incurred

by the Commissioners with the sanction of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the purpose of carrying the

provisions of this Measure and of schemes under this

Measure into effect, shall be paid by the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners out of their common fund.

(2) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have

power to pay out of their common fund to any

1U31. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. No. 7, xxxiii

I

Commissioner such remuneration and such allowances

as they may think fit, and in any case where the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners exercise the power conferred

on them by this subsection they may pay the remuneration or allowances either periodically oyer periods to

be determined by them or otherwise as they may

think fit.

22. —(1) Any body or person in receipt of or Accounts,

having the administration either of the property and

revenues of any cathedral church to which this Measure

applies (including any trust funds applicable to any

special purpose in connection with such church and

any revenues derived from voluntary payments and

fees), or of the property and revenues annexed or

belonging to any dignity or office or any corporation

aggregate or sole in any such church shall annually

at such time as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall

require transmit to them duly audited accounts in

such form as they shall require of such property and

revenues.

(2) Every cathedral chapter shall annually publish

duly audited accounts in such standard form as the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall prescribe.

23. —(1) The provisions of any Act of Parliament Election of

or Measure under which a vacancy in a bishopric would bishops,

until the foundation of a dean and chapter for that

bishopric be filled either by an appointment by letters

patent or by an election by a provisional chapter shall

in respect of such bishopric cease to have effect after

a scheme under this Measure has established or otherwise

made provision for the constitution of a cathedral

chapter in the cathedral church of such bishopric.

(2) His Majesty may upon an avoidance of such

bishopric grant to such cathedral chapter a licence

under the Great Seal to proceed to the election of a

bishop with a letter missive as provided by the statute

of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Henry

the Eighth, and such cathedral chapter shall possess

the right of proceeding to an election in manner laid

down by the said statute.

24. Subject to the provisions of this Measure no Abolition of

office (other than that of a dean or provost, canon, or subordinate

prebendary, and any other office the holder whereof freehold

has a place within the chapter) conferring a freehold offices.

I) d

xxxiv

Saving of

existing

interests.

Charitable

trusts.

Arbitrations.

f> 2 & 53

Vict. c. 40.

Interpretation.

15 & 1G

Geo. 5. c 20.

No. 7. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

or fixity of tenure on the holder thereof shall be cap, a Me

of existing in any cathedral church to which this <

Measure applies or in any corporation aggregate in any

such church.

25. No provision of this Measure or of a»v scheme

having effect as if contained in this Measure shall affect

the tenure of office, position, rights, or emolument of any

person who, at the passing of this Measure, holds a

freehold or other office conferring fixity of tenure in

any cathedral church to which this Measure applies

unless he shall by an instrument in writing under his

hand delivered to the Commissioners consent to be

bound by such provision.

26. The provisions of this Measure shall not apply

to any charity or endowment which is subject to the

jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners or the Board

of Education under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853

to 1925, or the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 to 1889,

except to the extent to which the Charity Commissioners

shall determine that the provisions of this Measure

shall apply to such charity or endowment.

27. W here a scheme under this Measure provides

that any matter shall failing agreement be determined

by arbitration, such arbitration shall proceed in accordance with such rules including rules as to the manner

of ascertaining the value of any property as shall be

laid down, by such scheme and subject to such rules

in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration

Act, 1889, but the provisions of any other Act of

Parliament relating to the compulsory acquisition of

land shall not apply to such arbitration:

Provided that no rules as to the manner of ascertaining the value of any property shall be inserted in

any scheme except with the consent of the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners.

28. In this Measure—

the expression "canon " includes an honorary

canon but not a minor canon nor any person

not in Holy Orders;

the expression "land " has the same meaning

as in the Law of Property Act, 1925.

1931.

Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

No. 7.

XXXV

29 . This Measure shall apply to every cathedral Extent,

church in England whether existing at, or constituted

after, the passing of this Measure except the cathedral

church of Christ in Oxford.

30 . This Measure may be cited as the Cathedrals Short title.

Measure, 1931.

31 . The enactments set out in the Third Schedule Repeal,

to this Measure are repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that schedule.

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 1.

1. The Commissioners shall be styled the " Cathedral Commissioners for England."

2. The Commissioners shall have a common seal, which

shall be judicially noticed.

3. The original Commissioners shall be—

The Right Honourable Frederic John Napier, Viscount

Chelmsford, p. c., g. c.s.i., g. c.m.g., g. c.i.e., g.b.e., who

shall be the first chairman of the Commissioners;

The Right Reverend Edmund Courtenay Pearce, Doctor

of Divinity, Lord Bishop of Derby;

The Very Reverend Reginald Waterfield, Doctor of

Divinity, Dean of Hereford;

The Reverend Albert Gossage Robinson, Master of Arts,

Canon of Winchester;

Sir Walter Robert Buchanan-Riddell, Baronet, Master of

Arts;

Colonel Francis Hugo Lindley Meynell, d.s.o.;

and one other Commissioner who shall be appointed by the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

4. The Church Assembly shall have power to increase the

number of Commissioners by an appointment made in the same

manner as on a vacancy, and power also upon a vacancy occurring

E o

xxxvi

No. 7. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

to suspend a commissionership. Such respective powers shall be

exerciseable from time to time but so that the number of the

acting Commissioners including the chairman shall never be less

than seven or more than ten.

5. Every Commissioner shall hold office so long as the

powers of the Commissioners continue if he shall so long live,

unless he shall previously resign or be removed from office for good

cause by the standing committee of the Church Assembly, or in

the case of the Commissioner appointed by the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

6. Every vacancy in the body of the Commissioners occurring

before the cesser of their powers shall be filled by an appointment

made by the Church Assembly on the nomination of the chairman

presiding over the meeting at which the appointment is made,

except that in any case where the Commissioner appointed by the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners has died or vacated office the

vacancy shall be filled by an appointment made by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

7. Any vacancy in the office of the chairman of the Commissioners shall be filled by an appointment made by the Church

Assembly on the nomination of the chairman presiding over the

meeting at which the appointment is made.

8. —(1) The powers of the Commissioners may be exercised

at a meeting at which a quorum is present.

(2) The quorum required for the affixing of the common

seal of the Commissioners shall be five.

(3) The quorum required for the transaction of any business

by the Commissioners which does not involve the affixing of the

common seal shall be such as the Commissioners shall determine.

(4) If the Commissioners are at any meeting divided in

opinion, the decision of the majority shall prevail.

(5) Meetings of the Commissioners may be convened either

by the chairman or in any other manner laid down by rules made

by the Commissioners.

(C) Subject to the provisions of this paragrajdi an act of the Commissioners shall not be invalid by reason only of any

vacancy in their body.

1931. Cathedrals Measure, 1931. No. 7.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

The cathedral churches of—

Birmingham;

Blackburn;

Bradford;

Chelmsford;

Coventry;

Derby;

Guildford;

Leicester;

Liverpool;

Newcastle;

Portsmouth;

St. Albans;

St. Edmundsbury;

Sheffield;

Southwark;

Southwell;

Wakefield;

and the cathedral churches of all bishoprics founded after the

passing of this Measure.

THE THIRD SCHEDULE.

Session and

Chapter.

I

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1S40.

Sections 44 and 47.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 70

The Cathedrals Act, 1864 -

The whole Act.

29 & 30 Vict. c. Ill

The Ecclesiastical (‘ornmis-

sioners Act, 1866.

Section 18.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 39

The Cathedrals Acts Amendment Act, 1873.

The whole Act.

xxxvii

Section 3.

Section 31.

TABLE III

Showing the Effect of the Legislation of the Second

Session of the Thirty-Fifth Parliament of the

United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Northern Ireland.

(October 28, 1930 —October 7, 1931)

FORMER ACTS

(IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED

OR AMENDED BY ENACTMENTS OF

21 & 22 GEO. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

25 Hen. 8:

o. 20

1 Will. &

Mary:

Appointment of

bishops, ete.

S. 3 applied by Cathedrals

Measure, 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

No. 7, s. 23.

e. 21

7 Geo. 3:

An Act for enabling

Lords Commissioners for the

Great Seale to execute the office of

Lord Chancellor

or Lord Keeper.

Ss. 4-6 repealed

45, s. 17, sell. 4.

r. 48

21 Geo. 3:

Public Companies

Act, 1767.

Ss. 2, 3 repealed os to the

London Assurance.

xv, s. 14.

e. 4!)

22 Geo. 3:

Sunday Observance

Act, 1780.

Temporarily restricted

52.

c. 45

41 Geo. 3:

House of Commons

(Disqualification)

Act, 1782.

Doubts removed us to scope

13.

c. 52

5 Geo. 4:

House of Commons

(Disqualifications)

Act, 1801.

Doubts removed as to scope

of s. 4.

13.

c. 100 -

Paving, &o. of

Regent’s Park, &c.

Restricted

Ff

lix, s. 51.

xl

Effect of Legislation. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

6 Geo. 4:

e. 38

9 Geo. 4:

Paving and regulating Regent's

Park, &c.

Restricted

Iix, s. 51.

e. 94

10 Geo. 4:

Paving and regulating Regent’s

Park, &e.

Restricted -

lix, s. 51.

V. 44

2 & 3 Will. 4:

Metropolitan Police

Act, 1829.

S. 10 amended -

12, s. 4.

o. 56

7 Will. 4 and

1 Vict.:

Paving and regulating Regent’s

Park, &c.

Restricted

lix, s. 51.

c. 83

3 & 4 Vict.:

Parliamentary

Documents Deposit Act, 1837-

S. 2, as adapted, extended -

45, s. 0 (2).

e. 113 •

8 & fl Vict.:

Ecclesiastical Com-

missioners Act,

1840.

Ss. 44 ami 47 repealed by

Cathedrals Measure, 21 & !

22 Geo. 5. No. 7. s. 31,

sob. 3.

i

U. 18

Lands Clauses Con-

lu part applied and in-

41, HS. 2 (4).

solidution Ad,

1845.

emporated with moditiv.a- |

tionfl.

3(1). 4, sell. 1.

e. Ill

Lands Clauses ('on-

In part applied and ineor-

41, ss. 2(4), 3(1).

eolidation (Scot-

porated with moditiea-

4, 24. (5) (7),

14 & 15 Vict.:

land) Act, 1845.

tions.

sch. 1.

e. 55

Criminal Justice

Administration

Act, 1851.

So far as relating to clerks

of tliP peace for counties,

ss. 9-11 and in part 12

repealed.

45, s. 17, sell. 4.

c. 95

21 & 22 Vict.:

Crown Estate Paving Act, 1851.

Restricted

lix, s. 51.

c. 73

24 & 25 Vict.:

Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1858.

S. 11 saved ...

45, s. 3 (3).

c. 47

29 & 27 Vict.:

Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c.,

Act, 1861.

Certain loans written off,

&c.

47, ss. 2. 3, sell.

e. 7

Manufactured To-

S. 1 (rate of drawback):

49. s. 2 (3), sell.

27 & 28Viet.:

baeeo Act, 1893.

, src 1

1

1, Part 111.

e. 70

28 & 2»Vict.:

Cathedrals Act,

1864.

Repealed by Cathedrals !

Measure, 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

No. 7, s. 31, sell. 3.

c. 14

29 & 30Viet.:

Colonial Naval Defence Act, 1865.

Repealed (with sa\ ing)

9, s. 4 (2).

e. 109 (as

Naval Discipline

Applied to colonial naval

9, a. 2.

amended).

Act.

defence foree personnel.

c. Ill -

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1866.

S. 18 repealed by Cathedrals Measure, 21 & 22

Geo. 5. No. 7, s. 31,

suh. 3.

A.D. 1930-31.

Effect of Legislation,

xli

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affeeted.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

31 & 32Viet.:

e. 37

Documentary

Applied to Commissioners

16, s. 12.

Evidence Act,

of Works.

1868.

32 & 33Viet.:

e. 11] -

Bishops Resitjna-

Ss. 11 (1) repealed, 2 in

tion Act, 18(>*J.

part repealed by Episcopal Pensions (Sodor and

Man) Measure, 21 & 22

<_!eo. 5, No. 1, s. 3.

34 & 35Viet..:

c. 73

Lancaster County

Repealed -

45, ss. 13 (2), 17,

Clerk Act, 1871.

sch. 4.

30 & 37 Vict..:

c. 39

Cathedrals Acts

Repealed by Cathedrals

Amendment Act,

Measure, 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

1873.

No. 7, s. 31, sch. 3.

37 & 38Viet.:

c. 84

Works and Public *

S. 2 (incorporation of

16, ss. 8, 15 (4).

Buildings Act,

Commissioners of Works)

1874.

extended.

38 & 39 Vict.:

<*. 2H

Metropolitan Police

Power to make regulations

12, ss. 1-3.

Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875.

extended.

40 & 41Viet.:

c. 2

Treasury Bills

S. 6 excluded -

1, s. 2 (2); 10.

Act, 1877.

s. 3(2); 29. s. 2

(2); 50, s. 2 (2).

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 31

Bills of Sale Act,

Excluded....

42, s. 7 (1).

1878.

43 & 44Viot.:

e. 8

Isle of Man Loans

Extended....

38.

Act, 1880.

e. 19

Taxes Management

S. 8(5 (1) in part repealed;

28, s. 44, soil. 3.

Act, 1880.

save as to ('ity of London,

ss. 77 and in part 83 (2)

(3) repealed.

c. 47

Ground (tame Act,

Amended (Scotland) -

44, s. 23.

1880.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 58

Army Act

Continued, ss. 79, 85, 91,

14, ss. 2, 4-0,

(as amended)

130, Kil amended.

sch. 2.

45 & 4(5 Vict.:

c. 9

Document ary Evi-

As amending 31 & 32 Vict.

16, 8. 12.

(lence Act, 1882.

c. 37, applied.

c. 61

Bills of Exchange

Extended -

49, s. 15 (1).

Act, 1882.

c. 73

Ancient Monuments

Schedule of monuments:

16, s. 15 (1) (5)

Protection Act,

1882.

.vte

(i).

47 & 48Viot.:

o. 40

Naval Kill is t men t

S. 3 applied

15, s. 3 (4).

Act, 1884.

c. 55

Pensions and Yeo-

<S. 2 (4) (statutory right to

inanry Pay Act,

soldiers ami airman’s

1884.

pension )—see S.K. & O.

1931 No. 816, made under

21 & 22 Geo. 6. c. 48.

Effect of Legislation. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

xlii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

48 & 49Viet.:

c. 68

Metropolitan Police

As amending 38 & 39 Vict.

12, s. 3 (2).

Staff Superannuation Act, 1885.

c. 28— see

t

49 & 50 Vict.:

e. 29

Crofters Holdings

Applied -

41, s- 24 (/).

(Scotland) Act,

Applied, ss. 3, 14 repealed;

44, ss. 3 (2), 8

1880.

7 am., 2 restricted. 8 (<•),

(1), 9, 11-2. 22,

9 (r) excluded, G (1), 8 (b ),

24, 26 (1), 36,

9 (b) explained (" predecessors in the same

41, sell. 2.

family ").

50 & 51Viet.:

c. 10

National Debt and

Extended, s. 15 applied -

47, ss. 1 (2), 2.

Local Loans Act,

1887.

ol&f>2 Vict.:

e. 41

Local Government

Ss. 83 (1) (2) (3) (5) (9)

45. ss. J. 5 (I)

Act, 1888.

repealed, 30 (1) (3), 83

(3), 6 (2). 7 (1)

(4) (6) amended, 82 (1)

(3) (4), 12 (2),

applied, 83 (0), 118 (1)

extended, 64 (1)(«)saved.

17, sell. 4.

c. 43

County ('ourts Act,

S. 126 applied -

42, s. 8 (4) (b).

1888.

52 & 53Viet.:

e. 49

Arbitration Act,

Excluded

45, s. 11 (5).

1889.

c. 03

Interpretation Act,

S. 38 (2) applied

42, sdi. 1, para.

1889.

8.

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 5

Lunacy Act, 1890 -

S. 315 excluded (retrospec-

15, s. 8.

tively).

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 39

Stamp Act, 1891 -

Excluded (Cmiard insur-

2, s. 3.

ance).

Excluded (Ancient Monu-

16, s. 14.

inents Act instruments).

fc?H. 12 excluded, 14 applied

(land value tax).

28, s. 28 (4).

Excluded (war Iran com er-

49, s. 15 (1).

sion warrant).

55&/5GVict.:

c. 54

Allotments (Scot-

Applied in part

41, ss. 13, 19,

land) Act, 1892.

24 (c).

4 Edw. 7:

c. 7

finance Act, 1904

Schedule applied

49, s. 2 (3).

c. 21

Capital Expendi-

Extended

20, s. 1 (4).

ture (Money) Act,

1904.

G Edw. 7:

c. 41

Marine Insurance

S. 22 excluded (Cuimrd in-

2, s. 3(1).

Act. 1900.

surance).

e. 40

Kecordeis, Ntipen-

Apjilied to office* of clerk of

45, s. 7 (4).

diurv’ Magistrates

the county council, s. 1 (1)

and (’lerks of the

Peace Act, 1900.

ext.

7 Edw. 7:

e. 17

Probation of Of-

As to Scotland, ss. 3, 8(1)-

30, ss. 8, 12 (2)

fend* rs Act, 1907.

(3) (5) and in part (4) repealed, 1 (1) (2), 2 (1) am.,

1 (3) substituted (Jan. 1,

1932.)

(3), sch.

A.D. 1930-31.

Effect of Legislation.

xliii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 23

Criminal Appeal

Act, 1907.

S. 3 (right of appeal) extended.

24, s. 2 (4).

c. 47 *

Deceased Wife’s

Sister’s Marriage

Act, 1907.

Extended, ss. 1, 4 amended

31, ss. 1, 3 (4).

8 Edw. 7:

e. 36

Small Holdings and

Allotments Act,

1908.

Ss. 52 (1) (a) (2) (b ). 61 (1)

‘ am., 57 extended, in s. 51

(1) Small Holdings Account renamed, Act applied, ss. 32, 43 excluded.

41. ss. 9 (2), 10,

12 (1), 13 (1),

17, 19, 20, 21

(2), 23, seh. 2.

c. 57

Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908.

S. 3 amended (temporarily)

27, ss. 1, 3 (3)

(*)•

c. 59

Prevention of Crime

Act, 1908.

Part I applied (detention of

offenders in Scotland).

30, ss. 8 (6), 12

(2).

o. 63

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland)

Act, 1908.

S. 9 applied ...

30. ss. 8 (6), 12

(2).

9 Edw. 7:

o. 19

Colonial Naval Defence Act, 1909.

Repealed -

9, s. 4 (2).

o. 30

Cinematograph Act,

1909.

Sunday performances: see

52 (Ump.).

o. 40

Police Act, 1909 -

As amending 38 & 39 Vict,

e. 28:see

12, s. 3 (2).

10 Edw. 7 &

1 (!eo. 5:

o. 8

Finance (1909-10)

Act, 1910.

S. 33 and functions of Reference Committee and panel applied (see terms).

28, ss. 14(4) (6)-

(9), 31.

1 & 2 Geo. 6:

c. 26

Telephone Transfer

Act, 1911.

S. 5 (audit) extended

20, s. 1 (5).

e. 47

Naval Discipline

(Dominion Naval

Forces) Act, 1911.

Saved ....

9, s. 4 (4).

e. 49

Small Landholders

(Scotland) Act,

1911.

Applied, ss. 8 (2) repealed,

7 (7) (9), 11, 17. 19. 26 (3)

(r), .32 (4) (15) am.. 2, 7(7)

ext., 9 explained and ext.,

16, 18 excluded, 7 (11) restricted.

44, ss. 1 (2)-(4),

3<2|, 5 8.13 S,

21-2, 36, 41,

seh. 2.

3 & 4 Geo. 5:

c. 32

Ancient Monuments

Consolidation and

Amendment Act,

1913.

Ss. 12 (2), 19, 22, 23 (1) repealed, 4 (3). 12(1), 20, 23

(2) repealed in part, 6, 7

(2), 12 amended, 6 (3) replaced by new subss. (3)

(3 a) and (3 b), ss. 4. 9, 13

extended, " monument, "

" ancient monument "

and " owner " re-defined.

16, ss. 3-8, 10,

15-6, 17 (3),

seh. 3.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 11

Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916.

S. 1, new rates of entertainments duty (G.B.).

49, s. 5, sell. 2.

c. 24

Finance Act, 1916-

S. ^>0 (conversion of Government securities):see

49, ss. 10, 18, 23.

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

Air Force Act

Continued, ss. 79, 85,

91, 130, 161 amended.

14, ss. 2, 4-7,

sell. 2.

c. 64

Representation of the People Act,

1918.

Ss. 15, 29 (remuneration of

clerk of county council):

see

45, s. 3 (2).

Effect of Legislation,

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

xliv

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 6.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

28, ss. 7, 8, 23,

40

Income Tax Act,

Ss. 90 (3), 157 (2), Rule 20

of General Rules am.,

ss. 169 (2), 216 applied;

save as to City of London, ss. 83. 87, 88 (1)

repealed and 71 2, 153 (2)

(3) amended; Act applicable under regs. to land

value tax assessment and

collection.

Ss. 32 (3) (/) repealed

(April 6, 1931), 105 (1) (fo)

am., s. 46 and Case VI.

of Schedule D. applied,

ss. 211 (as applied) modified, 49 explained.

1918.

30 (1), 37, 44,

sell. 3i Parts I

and 11.

49, ss. 6, 8, 22(2),

23, 25, sehs. 3

(para. 3), 4, 5

(Part I.).

9 & 10 Geo. 5:

c. 32

Finance Act, 1919-

S. 8 applied ...

49, s. 2 (1).

c. 37

War Loan Act, 1919

S. 1 (1) applied -

49, ss. 17 (2),

21 (2) (3).

c. 57

Acquisition of T.and

S. 1 (3) amended (Scotland 1

11.

(Assessment of

Compensation)

Act applied

16, s. 1 (5), sell. 2

para. 5.

Act, 1919.

Act applied

41, ss. 3 (1), 4,

sell. 1.

c. 59

Land Settlement

Applied, ss. 12 (1) (b) (c), 21

41. ss. 10, 16 (1),

(Facilities) Act,

1919.

excluded.

20.

c. 97

Land Settlement

Applied, ss. 1 made perma-

4L s. 24 (}) (i)

(Scotland) Act,

nent, 18 (3) amended.

(7).

1919.

Ss. 9, 10, 15 amended, 16

ext., 11 excluded.

44, ss. 7, 16, 19-

21.

10 & 11

Geo. 5:

c. 17

Increase of Kent

and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920.

Continued

4, s. 1 (2), sell.

Part II.

c. 18

Finance Act, 1920

S. 42 (3) ("dealer") am.

(see terms), Sch. 2 prosp.

amended.

Ss. 18, 19 (1), 20, 21 (1) (3)

amended.

28, ss. 4, 42.

49, s. 8, sch. 4.

c. 30

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920

S. 12 (3):see -

S. 35 (regulations) ex-

tended. I

New rates of contribution

and benefit under 21 & 22

Geo. 5. e. 48:ste entries

against 1/5 & 16 Gen. 5.

c. 69, 17 & 18 Geo.r>. c. 30,

and 29 & i>l Geo. 5. c. 16

below.

8. s. 2 (3); 25,

s. 2 (3).

36, ss. I, 5 (1)

(3).

e. 50

Mining Industry

Act, 1920.

S. 20 (2), five-year period

(as extended) further

extended.

23.

c. 77

Dyestuffs (Import

Regulation) Act,

1920.

Continued to Dee. 31, 1931

4, s. 1 (I). sch.

Part III.

A.D. 1930-31

Effect of Legislation.

xlv

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

11 & 12

Ge~ K -

e.

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1921.

Limit on advances under

s. 5 successively raised.

3, s. 1; 8, S. 1;

25, s. 1.

o.

Tribunals of Inquiry (Evidence)

Act, 1921.

Applicable by order, s. 2 (a)

excluded.

42, s. 15 (5).

e. 21

Deceased Brother’s

Widow’s Marriage

Act, 11)21.

S. 1 (3) repealed

31, s. 3 (2)-(4).

c. 32

Finance Act, 11)21

S. 29 applied

Seh. 3 para. 1 " in the

British Isles " repealed.

28, s. 23 (2).

49, ss. 24, 25,

sch. 5, Part II.

c. 51

12 & 13

Geo. 5:

Education Act,

1921.

S. 3 (1) excluded, para. (d)

amended.

6.

o. 17

Finance Act, 1922

S. 14 restricted -

28, s. 2.

c. 51

Allotments Act,

1922.

In part applied, s. 19(1) (2)

excluded.

41, ss. 10, 13(1),

14 (3). 19, 23.

e. 52

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1922.

In part applied, s. Hi (1) (2)

excluded.

41, ss. 10, 13(1),

14 (3), 19, 23,

24 (c).

c. 5!)

13 & 14

Geo. 5:

Local Government

and other Officers ’

Superannuation

Act, 1922.

Application to probation

officers (Scotland).

Act applied and excluded,

ss. 28 repealed (set. terms),

6 (3) in part virt. repealed,

in part applied, s. 3

" service " explained.

30, s. 1 (3).

45, ss. 4 (4), 9,

10, 14 (2), 17

(3), sclis. 1. 4.

c. 10

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland)

Act, 1923.

S. 12 (5) (6)— see

S. 15 (1), sch. 1 and para. 5

of sch. 2 substituted, ss. 12

(7) (6) repealed, 3 (1),

15 (1), 17 (1) am., 10 (2),

sch. 2, para. 15 a added,

a. 30 (b) (c) applied, certain matters determinable

by Land Court instead of

arbiter and deeided by

Land Court or arbiter in

lieu of Department, sch. 1,

Part III (29) affected.

42. s. 19 (6).

44. ss. 27-35, 37,

39, 4], sch- 2.

r. 14

Finance Act, 1923

S.4 8 extended and amended

28, s. 9.

c. 34

14 & 15

Geo. 5:

Agricultural Credits

Act, 1923.

Certain advances written

off, &r.

47, as, 2, 3, a «'h.

c. 21

Finance Act, 1924

>S. 6, (1), sch. 2 superseded,

ss. 21-2 amended.

49, 8k. ft, 8,

sclis. 2, 4.

o. 24

Isle of Man (Customs) A<*t, 1924.

S. i continued -

34, ss. 2, 3 (!)•

o. 35

Housing (Financial

Provisions) Act,

1924.

See ----

39, ss. 1 (0) (7),

c. 38

National Health insurance Act, 1924.

S. 3 (3) (as substituted)

amended.

5.

xlvi

Effect of Legislation.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

i

How affected.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

15 & 16

Geo. 5:

c. 12

British Sugar (Sub-

Amended (Department of

35.

sidy) Art, 1925.

Agriculture for Scotland,

&<•.).

K i

e. 16

Town Planning

Act, 1925.

Power for Commissioners

of Works to contribute to

scheme —see

16, ss. 2, 15 (4).

c. 17

Town Planning

Power for Commissioners

16, ss. 2, 15 (4),

(Scotland) Act,

1925.

of Works to contribute j

to scheme —see

16(1) (4).

e. 21

Land Registration

Act, 1925.

S. 70 (1) extended

28, s. 19 (6).

c. 22

Land Charges Act,

1925.

Applied (England) -

Excluded (land value tax)

10, ss. 6 (3) (4),

11, 16 (5) (7).

28, s. 19 (6).

e. 29

Gold Standard Act,

1925.

S. 1(2) temporarily suspended and Bank indemnified.

46, s. 1 (1) (2).

c. 36

Finance Act, 1925

Sh». 15 amended, 7 saved -

49. ss. 1 (3). 8.

soli. 4.

c. 39

Agricultural Re-

S. 1 (2) (4) (disclosure)

42, ss. 4 (3). 17

turns Act, 1925.

excluded.

(-’)•

e. 41

China Indemnity

(Application) Act,

1925.

Repealed ....

7, s. 1.

e. 49

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act,

1925.

S. 184 (1) proviso substituted.

i

31, s. 2.

c. 56

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925.

Ss. 5-7 continued

34, ss. 2, 3(1).

c. 61

Allotments Act,

In part applied, ss. 8 am.,

41, ss. 10, 13 (1),

1925.

4, 8 excluded.

14 (3), 17 (1),

19, 23, sell. 2.

c. 69

LTnemployment

Insurance Act,

1925.

Sell. 1 (rates of contributions) repealed by O. in C.

under 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

c. 48 —see S.R. & O. 1931,

No. 814.

c. 70

Widows’, Orphans '

and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

Adopted children in Scot-

lam 1 —see

37.

e. SO

Mining Industry

(Welfare Fund)

Act, 1925.

Superseded in part on

further extension.

23.

c. 84

Workmen's Compensation Act,

1925.

S. 9 (4) substituted -

18.

16 & 17

Geo. 5.

e. 5

Allotments (Scot-

In parb applied, s. 1 ex-

41, ss. 10, 13(1),

land) Act 1020.

eluded.

14 (3), 19, 23,

24 (c).

c. 22

Finance Act, 1920

S. 40 (2) extended

28, s. 43(2).

c. 27

Isle of Man (Customs) Art, 1920.

i

Ss. 6, 8 continued

34, ss. 2, 3 (1).

A.D. 1930-31.

Effect of Legislation.

xlvii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

i

How affected.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

16 & 17

Geo. 5:

c. 52 -

Small Holdings and

Allotments Act,

1926.

Ss. 12repealed, 2(2), 13(1),

14(1) (a)(6) am., 2 (7) (8)

added; Act in part applied to cottage holdings.

41, ss. 12, 17 (1),

sch. 2.

c. 56

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act,

1926.

S. 2 (2) (c) (time for applying for assistance) extended.

22.

e. 62

Palestine and East

Africa Loans Act,

1926.

S. 1 (2) (c)amended - - i

21.

17 & 18

Geo. 5:

o. 10

Finance Act, 1927

S. 30 (1) repealed

Ss. 40 (2) amended, 7 and

sch. 2 superseded.

28, s. 44, sch. 3.

Part I.

49, ss. 2, 8, sehs.

1, 4.

<•. 14

Poor Law Act, 1927

8. 207 am. (Gray’s Inn)

lix, ss. 24(1), 26.

e. 20

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927.

Ss. 1, 6, 7, 11-2, 14 continued.

34, ss. 2, 3 (1).

e. 30

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927.

Ss. 14 (2) (period of 12

months) successively extended.

S. 2 (except definition of

"young men and young women"), sells. 1 and 3

repealed by O. in C. under

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 48.

see S.R. & O. 1931, No.

814.

8, s. 2 (1); 25,

s. 2 (1).

18 & IS *

Geo. 5:

e. 14

National Health

Insurance Act,

1928.

Ss. 1 (3), 23:set

5.

17

Finance Act, 1928

Ss. 2 (1) (3), 13 amended,

27 extended.

S. 2, hydrocarbon oils duty

increased, s. 23 (4) modified.

28, ss. 1, 3,

36 (1).

49, ss. 3, 21 (2) s

see also s. 4.

<• 19

Agricultural Produce (Grading and

Marking) Act,

1928.

Ext. to fishery produce,

ss. 1 (1) (2), 2 (3), 7, 8

amended, 2(1) explained.

40.

c. 38

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1928.

Ss. 8, 14, 17 continued

34, ss. 2, 3 (1).

e. 43

19 & 20

Agricultural Credits

Act, 1928.

Ss. 9 (particulars in register)

ext., 5 (7), 10 applied

(temp.).

S. 9 applied ...

41, ss. 5 (4), 19.

42, s. 7 (4):see

also s. 7 (2) (6).

Geo. 5:

c. 13

Agricultural Credits

(Scotland) Act,

1929.

Part II applied, ss. 5-8

applied with necessary

r/odifications.

42, s. 19 (1) (5).

e. 19

Unemployment Insurance (Transitional Provisions

Amendment) Act,

1929.

See now further extensions

8, s. 2 (1); 25,

s. 2(1).

23

Companies Act,

1929.

Part X applicable by scheme

{.sec terms).

42, sch. 2.

xlviii

Effect oj Legislation. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

21 & 22 Geo. 6.

20 21

Geo. 5:

c. 1

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1929.

Ss. 2, 3 continued

34, ss. 2*3 (1).

e. 10

Widows’, Orphans '

and Old Age Contributory Pensions

i Act, 1929.

S. 1 (1) (c) replaced by new

paras, (c) and (r/), 1 (f>)

added, 1 (1) proviso (ii)

amended (retrospectively).

S. 24 (adopted children):

as to Scotland see

19.

37.

o. Iti

Unemployment lu-

; surance Act, 1939.

S. 16:.tee now further extensions.

S. 2 (1) and sell. 1 repealed

by O. inC. under 21 & 22

Geo. 5. e. 48:.tec S.R. &

O. 1931, No. 814.

8, s. 2 (1); 26.

s. 2(1).

c. 23

Mental Treatment

Act, 1930.

S. 20 (discontinuance of

terms " asylum " and

" lunatic ")—see

14, ss. 6, 7,

srh. 2.

c. 28

j Finance Act, 1930.

Ss. 29 (5), 47 and in part

29 (4) repealed, 6 (2) (a)

superseded, 48 restricted,

12 (3) (4) saved.

Ss. 11 repealed (April 6,

1931), 10 virtually repealed, 1, 2 (2) (4) (5)

superseded.

28, ss. 4, 7 (2),

38-9, 44 (6),

seh. 3 Part I.

49, ss. 1, 25, ach.

5, Part I.

c. 37

Adoption of Children Act, 1930.

S. 5 (2) (position under

Widows’, Orphans’ and

Oid Age Contributory

Pensions Act )—see further

37.

c. 30

Housing Act, 1930.

Contributions under s. 34—

see

39, s. 1 (6), see

also s. 2.

e. 42

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1930.

Ss.2, 3 continued, 4 amended

34, ss. 1, 2, 3 (1).

43

Road Traffic Act,

1930.

Ss. 61 (3) repealed, 100 (e)

amended.

32.

21 & 22

Geo. 5:

<• 3

Unemployment Insurance (No. 4)

Act, 1930.

Repealed -

8, s. 3 (3).

v. 8

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1931.

Superseded ...

25.

c. 28

Finance Act, 1931

Ss. 36 (3)-(5) repealed, 6,

36(1) amended, 1, 5 superseded.

49, ss. 3, 6, 7, 20,

25, schs. 3, 5

Part II.

TABLE IV

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

AND

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

21 & 22 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1930-31.

[Index removed.]

