THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

and the

Church Assembly Measures

of

1949

Being those which received the Royal Assent in that year having been passed during the Fifth Session of the Thirty-Eighth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

and the

Twelfth, Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign

of His Majesty

King George The Sixth

with

Tables of the Short Titles and of The Effect of Legislation and an Index

[IN TWO VOLUMES]

VOLUME II

Public General Acts, 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6, Chapters 64 to 103

PRINTED BY HENRY GEORGE GORDON WELCH. C.B.E.

---

Controller of His Majesty’s Stationery Office and King’s Printer of Acts of Parliament

To be purchased directly from H.M. STATIONERY OFFICE at the following addresses:

York House. Kingsway, London, W.C.2; 13a Castle Street, Edinburgh, 2;

39 King Street, Manchester, 2; 2 Edmund Street. Birmingham, 3;

1 St. Andrew's Crescent, Cardiff : Tower Lane, Bristol, 1;

80 Chichester Street, Belfast

OR THROUGH ANY BOOKSELLER

1949

Price for the two volumes

£2 15 s.Od. net

CONTENTS

VOLUME I

Page

Table I.—Chronological List of Short Titles of the Public General

Acts of 1949 c

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1949—

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6, cc. 11-63 - 1

Table II.—Alphabetical List of Short Titles with arrangement of Sections of Acts printed in Volume I - i

VOLUME II

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1949—

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6, cc. 64-103 969

Table III.—Chronological List of Short Titles of the Church Assembly

Measures of 1949 i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1949—

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6, Nos. 1-5 ii

Table IV.—Effect of Legislation xxix

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of 1949 - ci

1949 Profits Tax Act, 1949 Ch. 64 969

CHAPTER 64

An Act to increase the profits tax payable on distributed profits and sums treated as such.

[24th November 1949.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, have freely and voluntarily resolved that the profits tax should be increased in manner hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The enactments relating to the profits tax shall be Rates of tax, amended as respects any chargeable accounting period ending etc-after the end of September, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, by substituting—

(a) thirty per cent, for twenty-five per cent, as the rate of any tax not being a distribution charge; and

(b) twenty per cent, for fifteen per cent, as the rate of any relief for non-distribution and (subject to the next following subsection) as that of any distribution charge;

and where any accounting period of a body corporate, unincorporated society or other body falls partly before and partly after the end of that month, the parts thereof falling before and after the end of the month shall be separate chargeable accounting periods.

(2) In the case of any trade or business, the amount on which a distribution charge is chargeable at twenty per cent, for any chargeable accounting period shall not, when added to the total of the amounts (if any) on which distribution charges at twenty per cent, have fallen to be made for previous chargeable accounting periods, exceed the total of the amounts on which reliefs for non-distribution have been given at twenty per cent, for previous chargeable accounting periods; and in so far as this subsection excludes the application to a distribution charge of paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection, the rate of the charge shall be fifteen per cent.

(3) Where, in the case of any body corporate, society or other body, the net relevant distributions to proprietors for any chargeable accounting period ending after the end of September, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, are, under subsection (3) of section thirty-six of the 1947 Act as amended by section seventy

970 Ch. 64 Profits Tax Act, 1949 12 & 13 Geo. 6

of the 1948 Act, to be treated as reduced by reference to a loan repaid whether before, during or after that period, the reduction shall be determined by reference to tax at twenty per cent, instead of fifteen per cent.:

Provided that, if a distribution charge is or would but for that subsection be chargeable for that period, then the reduction shall be calculated by reference to tax at fifteen per cent, up to the amount (if any) on which the distribution charge would, but for the reduction, be chargeable at fifteen per cent.

(4) Where under either of the following provisions of the 1947 Act, that is to say—

(a) subsection (4) of section thirty-six (which relates to schemes of amalgamation or reconstruction); and

(b) subsection (2) of section thirty-eight (which relates to companies having subsidiaries);

a difference in respect of which a non-distribution relief was given to or in respect of any body corporate is to be treated (in whole or in part) as if it had been a difference arising in relation to another body corporate on which non-distribution relief had been given to that body, then for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section relief shall be treated as having been given to the second mentioned body on the difference or the relevant part thereof at the rate or rates at which it was given on the difference to or in respect of the first mentioned body.

(5) In relation to an accounting period which is divided into two chargeable accounting periods by subsection (1) of this section, the enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act (which relate to the matters mentioned in the second column of that Schedule) shall have effect subject to the provisions set out in relation thereto in the third column thereof, being provisions designed to secure that the application of those enactments is not affected by the division.

[Increases of dividend.]

2.—(1) If, in the case of any accounting period of a body corporate, unincorporated society or other body beginning before the end of September, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, the total of the dividends assignable to that period exceeds the governing total, any such dividends declared after the twenty-sixth of the said month shall, to the extent of the excess,—

(a) in determining the gross relevant distributions to proprietors for the chargeable accounting period beginning at the end of the said month or for that in which they are paid, whichever is later, be included as a distribution for that chargeable accounting period; and

(b) in determining those for any period other than the one

last mentioned, be left out of account.

(2) The governing total for the purpose of subsection (1) of this section is, in relation to any accounting period of a body

1949

Profits Tax Act, 1949 Ch. 64

971

corporate, society or other body, the total of the dividends assignable to the immediately preceding accounting period thereof:

Provided that—

(a) where the amount of any class of paid up share capital on which dividends assignable to the preceding accounting period are paid is less than the amount of that class of paid up share capital on which dividends assignable to the succeeding accounting period are paid, then (subject to the next following subsection) the dividends on that class of capital assignable to the said preceding period shall, if the person carrying on the trade or business so elects, be treated for the purposes of this subsection as correspondingly increased; and

(b) where the preceding accounting period is longer or shorter than the succeeding accounting period the total dividends assignable to the said preceding period shall be treated for the purposes of thus subsection as correspondingly reduced or increased.

(3) For the purposes of proviso (a) to the last foregoing subsection, any increase in the amount of any class of paid up share capital on which dividends are paid shall be disregarded in so far as it represents shares which were previously unissued or not paid up but which have since been issued, or been treated as paid up, wholly or partly in consideration of the retention by the body or society, by way of set-off or otherwise, of sums distributable by way of dividend.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the dividends assignable to any accounting period are those expressed to be paid in respect of that period or any part thereof, but, in the case of an accounting period ending after the twenty-sixth of September, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, include also any dividends which are declared after that date and paid during the period and are not expressed to be paid in respect of any period.

(5) In this section, the expression "dividend" includes an interim dividend, and a dividend shall be treated as being declared—

(a) in the case of a dividend declared by a body or society in general meeting, at the date of the declaration;

(b) in any other case, at the date on which it is paid:

Provided that—

(i) where a dividend is declared in general meeting in accordance with a recommendation of the directors and the directors’ decision to make that recommendation was, with the authority of the directors, publicly announced at an earlier date, the dividend shall, for the purposes of this section, be treated as declared at that earlier date; and

972

Ch. 64

Profits Tax Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Supplemen-

tary.

Section 1.

(ii) where a dividend not so declared is paid in accordance with a decision of the directors, and that decision was, with their authority, publicly announced at an earlier date, the dividend shall, if the body or society so elects, for the purposes of this section be treated as declared at that earlier date.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Profits Tax Act, 1949.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with Part IV of the 1947 Act.

(3) In this Act the expression " the 1937 (1941, 1947 or 1948) Act" means the Finance Act, 1937 (1941, 1947 or 1948, as the case may be).

SCHEDULE

OPERATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS IN RELATION TO DIVIDED ACCOUNTING PERIOD

Enactment.

Subject matter.

Modifications.

Section twenty-two Treatment of subsi-of the 1937 Act. diaries.

References in subsection (1) to a chargeable accounting period shall refer to the whole accounting period and a notice

Subsection (1) of section thirty-nine of the 1941 Act, as applied by section forty-

Application of changes in income tax law in computing profits.

thereunder shall be deemed to be in force for and relate to either of the chargeable accounting periods into which the whole period is divided if, but only if, it relates to and is in force for the whole period.

The whole accounting period shall be treated as a single chargeable accounting period in determining the income tax law applicable.

three of that Act. Section thirty-one of the 1947 Act.

Exemption of individuals and partnerships of individuals.

Section thirty-nine of the 1947 Act.

Persons resident outside United Kingdom.

Subsection (2) or (3) shall apply in relation to either of the chargeable accounting periods into which the whole accounting period is divided if, but only if, the subsection would apply in relation to the whole period were it a single chargeable accounting period.

Subsection (1) or (2) shall apply in relation to either of the said chargeable accounting periods if, but only if, the subsection would apply in relation to the whole accounting period were it a single chargeable accounting period.

1949

Profits Tax Act, 1949 Ch. 64, 65

97$

Enactment

Subject matter

Modifications.

Section forty of the Nationalised under-1947 Act. takings.

Subsection (1) shall apply in relation to either of the said chargeable accounting periods if, but only if, the subsection would apply in relation to the whole accounting period were it a single chargeable accounting period.

Paragraph 3 of Part I of the Ninth Schedule to the 1947 Act.

Double taxation relief (requirement as to residence in United Kingdom).

Credit shall not be allowed in relation to either of the said chargeable'accounting periods unless it would be allowed in relation to the whole accounting period were it a single chargeable accounting period.

SCH. —cont.

CHAPTER 65

An Act to empower the Treasury, under section twelve of the Overseas Resources Development Act, 1948, to guarantee other charges, as well as interest, in respect of loans made to the Corporations established under that Act.

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subsection (2) of section twelve of the Overseas Amendment of Resources Development Act, 1948 (which empowers the Treasury 11 *12 ^59-to guarantee the payment of the principal of, and interest on,c* »s* authorised borrowings of the Corporations established under that Act) shall have effect as if for the words "the payment of the principal of and interest on " there were substituted the words "the repayment of the principal of and the payment of interest and other charges on ".

(2) This Act may be cited as the Overseas Resources Development Act, 1949; and the said Act of 1948 and this Act may be cited together as the Overseas Resources Development Acts,

1948 and 1949.

974

Ch. 66

House of Commons 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Redistribution of Seats) A, 1949

Establishment of permanent Boundary Commissions.

CHAPTER 66

House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Actt 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section.

1. Establishment of permanent Boundary Commissions.

2. Periodical reports of Commissions as to redistribution.

3. General provisions as to reports and Orders in Council.

4. Meaning of constituency in this Act and future Acts.

5. Amendments of former Acts consequential on disappearance of parliamentary counties and boroughs.

6. Application to Scotland.

7. Saving for Northern Ireland.

8. Repeal and savings.

9. Short title, citation and commencement.

Schedules :

First Schedule.—Constitution, officers, expenses and procedure of Boundary Commissions.

Part I.—Constitution.

Part II.—Officers and expenses.

Part III.—Procedure.

Second Schedule.—Rules for redistribution of seats.

Third Schedule.—Repeals.

An Act to consolidate the enactments which make permanent provision for the redistribution of seats at parliamentary elections and the provisions of the Representation of the People Act, 1948, interpreting statutory references to constituencies.

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of the continuous review of the distribution of seats at parliamentary elections, there shall be four permanent Boundary Commissions, namely a Boundary Commission for England, a Boundary Commission for Scotland, a Boundary Commission for Wales and a Boundary Commission for Northern Ireland.

(2) The Boundary Commissions shall be constituted in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, their assistant Commissioners and other officers shall be appointed and their expenses shall be defrayed in accordance with the provisions of Part II of that Schedule, and their procedure shall be regulated in accordance with Part III of that Schedule.

1949 House of Commons Ch. 66 975

(Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949

(3) For the purposes of this Act the administrative county of Monmouth shall be taken to be part of Wales and not part of England

2.—(1) Each Boundary Commission shall keep under review Periodical the representation in the House of Commons of the part of the reports of United Kingdom with which they are concerned and shall, in Commissions accordance with the next following subsection, submit to the redistribution. Secretary of State reports with respect to the whole of that part of the United Kingdom, either—

(a) showing the constituencies into which they recommend that it should be divided in order to give effect to the rules set out in the Second Schedule to this Act; or

(b) stating that, in the opinion of the Commission, no alteration is required to be made in respect of that part of the United Kingdom in order to give effect to the said rules.

(2) Reports under the last foregoing subsection shall be submitted by a Commission—

(a) in the case of the first report, not less than three or more than seven years from the date of the passing of the Representation of the People Act, 1948; and

(b) in the case of the second or any subsequent report, not less than three or more than seven years from the date of the submission of their last report under subsection (1) of this section:

Provided that a report stating that no alteration is required to be made in respect of the part of the United Kingdom with which a Commission is concerned shall not be submitted less than six years from the date of the passing of the said Act, or the date of the submission of their last report under subsection

(1) of this section, as the case may be.

(3) Any Boundary Commission may also from time to time submit to the Secretary of State reports with respect to the area comprised in any particular constituency or constituencies in the part of the United Kingdom with which they are concerned, showing the constituencies into which they recommend that that area should be divided in order to give effect to the rules set out in the said Second Schedule.

(4) Where a Commission intend to consider making a report under this Act, they shall, by notice in writing, inform the Secretary of State accordingly, and a copy of the said notice shall be published—

(a) in a case where it was given by the Boundary Commission for England or the Boundary Commission for Wales, in the London Gazette; and

976

Ch. 66

House of Commons 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Redistribution of Seats) A, 1949

General provisions as to reports and Orders in Council.

(b) in a case where it was given by the Boundary Commission for Scotland, in the Edinburgh Gazette; and

(c) in a case where it was given by the Boundary Com-

mission for Northern Ireland, in the Belfast Gazette.

(5) As soon as may be after a Boundary Commission have submitted a report to the Secretary of State under this Act, he shall lay the report before Parliament together, except in a case where the report states that no alteration is required to be made in respect of the part of the United Kingdom with which the Commission are concerned, with the draft of an Order in Council for giving effect, whether with or without modifications, to the recommendations contained in the report.

3.—(1) A report of a Boundary Commission under this Act showing the constituencies into which they recommend that any area should be divided shall state, as respects each constituency, the name by which they recommend that it should be known, and whether they recommend that it should be a county constituency or a borough constituency.

(2) The draft of any Order in Council laid before Parliament by the Secretary of State under this Act for giving effect, whether with or without modifications, to the recommendations contained in the report of a Boundary Commission may make provision—

(a) for any matters which appear to him to be incidental

thereto or consequential thereon; and

(b) in particular, where the draft makes any change affecting constituencies in the administrative county of London, for any modification of subsection (1) of section fifty-nine of the Representation of the People Act, 1948, (which relates to the electoral divisions and the number of councillors for L.C.C. elections).

(3) Where any such draft gives effect to any such recommendations with modifications, the Secretary of State shall lay before Parliament together with the draft a statement of the reasons for the modifications.

(4) If any such draft is approved by resolution of each House of Parliament, the Secretary of State shall submit it to His Majesty in Council.

(5) If a motion for the approval of any such draft is rejected by either House of Parliament or withdrawn by leave of the House, the Secretary of State may amend the draft and lay the amended draft before Parliament, and if the draft as so amended is approved by resolution of each House of Parliament, the Secretary of State shall submit it to His Majesty in Council.

(6) Where the draft of an Order in Council is submitted to His Majesty in Council under this Act, His Majesty in Council

1949

House of Commons

(Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949 Ch. 66

977

may make an Order in terms of the draft which shall come into force on such date as may be specified therein and shall have effect notwithstanding anything in any enactment:

Provided that the coming into force of any such Order shall not affect any parliamentary election until a proclamation is issued by His Majesty summoning a new Parliament, or affect the constitution of the House of Commons until the dissolution of the Parliament then in being.

(7) The validity of any Order in Council purporting to be made under this Act and reciting that a draft thereof has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament shall not be called in question in any legal proceedings whatsoever.

4. In this Act, and, except where the context otherwise Meaning of requires, in any other Act passed after the Representation of the constituency in People Act, 1948, the expression " constituency" means an area having separate representation in the House of Commons.

5.—(1) The constituencies for the time being established by the Representation of the People Act, 1948, and any Order in Council under this Act shall take the place of parliamentary counties and boroughs.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection—

(a) any reference in any former Act to parliamentary counties and boroughs shall be construed as a reference to constituencies;

Amendments of former Acts consequential on disappearance of parliamentary counties and boroughs.

(b) references in any former Act to a parliamentary county shall be construed as references to a county constituency, and those to a parliamentary borough as references to a borough constituency, and references to a county election or a borough election shall be construed accordingly;

(c) references in any former Act to a district of boroughs

or to a district borough shall have effect in relation oifly to Scotland and shall (subject to any Order in Council under this Act) be taken as referring to the following constituencies, namely, Dunfermline burghs, Kirkcaldy burghs and Stirling and Falkirk burghs.

(3) Any reference in any former Act to the authority having power to divide a county or borough into polling districts or to appoint polling places for a county or a borough for the purposes of parliamentary elections shall, where the context is such as to show that the iast foregoing subsection ought not to apply, be taken as a reference to the county council or the borough council, as the case may be.

(4) The provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall apply to a reference to any of the matters mentioned therein,

2 K *

978 Ch. 66 House of Commons 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949

whatever the terms used in that reference; but those provisions may be excluded in whole or in part by an order of the Secretary of State in any particular case where they appear to him to be Inappropriate.

(5) The power conferred by this section to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any such instrument shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

(6) In this section the expression " former Act" means an Act passed before the Representation of the People Act, 1948.

Application 6. In the application of this Act to Scotland, for any reference to Scotland, to a borough there shall be substituted a reference to a burgh, and for any reference to a borough constituency whether in this Act or in any amendment made by this Act in any other Act there shall be substituted a reference to a burgh constituency.

Saving for

Northern

Ireland.

7. Save as provided by paragraph 7 of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, nothing in this Act shall affect the law relating to the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

Repeal and 8.—(1) The enactments set out in the Third Schedule to this

savings. Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpretation Act, 1889, this subsection shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any Order in Council made, or any thing whatsoever done, under any enactment repealed by, and re-enacted in, this Act and every such Order in Council or thing and also any order of a Secretary of State under sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 8 of Part I of the Tenth Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1948, shall, so far as it could have been made or done under this Act, have effect as if made or done under the corresponding provision of this Act

(3) Nothing in this repeal shall affect the constitution of the Boundary Commissions established before the commencement of this Act

(4) Nothing in this repeal shall affect the terms and conditions on and subject to which any person held office immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(5) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to this Act or to the corresponding enactment in this Act.

1949

House of Commons

(Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949 Ch. 66

979

9.—(1) This Act may be cited as th$ House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949, and shall be included among the Acts which may be cited as the Representation of the People Acts.

(2) This Act shall come into force on such day, not before the coming into force of the redistribution of seats effected by subsection (1) of section one of the Representation of the People Act, 1948, as the Secretary of State may by statutory instrument appoint.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Constitution, Officers, Expenses and Procedure of Boundary Commissions

Part I

Constitution

1. The Speaker of the House of Commons shall be the chairman of each of the four Commissions.

2. The Commission for England shall consist of the chairman, the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in England, the Director General of Ordnance Survey and two other members of whom one shall be appointed by the Secretary of State and the other by the Minister of Health.

3. The Commission for Scotland shall consist of the chairman, the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland, the Director General of Ordnance Survey and two other members appointed by the Secretary of State.

4. The Commission for Wales shall consist of the chairman, the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in England, the Director General of Ordnance Survey and two other members of whom one shall be appointed by the Secretary of State and the other by the Minister of Health.

5. The Commission for Northern Ireland shall consist of the chairman, the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages for Northern Ireland, the Commissioner of Valuation for Northern Ireland and two other members appointed by the Secretary of State.

6. One of the members of each Commission, to be nominated by the chairman, shall be deputy chairman of the Commission.

7. A member of the House of Commons, or of either House of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, shall be disqualified for being appointed a member of any of the Commissions by the Secretary of State or Minister of Health, and a member of a Commission so appointed shall be disqualified for being a member of the Commission on his becoming a member of any such House.

8. A member of any Commission appointed by the Secretary of State or Minister of Health shall hold his appointment for such term and on such conditions as may be determined before his appointment by the Secretary of State or Minister of Health, as the case may be.

2 K 2 *

Short title, citation and commencement.

Section 1, 7.

980

1st Sch. —cont.

Ch. 66 House of Commons 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949

Part II

Officers and expenses

1. —<1) The Secretary of State may, at the request of any Commission, appoint one or more assistant Commissioners to inquire into, and report to the Commission upon, such matters as the Commission think fit.

(2) Any such assistant Commissioner shall be appointed either for a certain term or for the purposes of a particular inquiry, and on such conditions as to remuneration and otherwise as may be determined before his appointment by the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury.

2. The Secretary of State shall appoint a secretary to each of the Commissions, and may appoint such other officers of any Commission as he may determine with the approval of the Treasury, and the term and conditions of any such appointment shall be such as may be so determined.

3. The expenses of each Commission, including the travelling and other expenses of the members thereof, and the remuneration and expenses of the assistant Commissioners, secretary and other officers, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Part III

Procedure

1. A Commission shall have power to act notwithstanding a vacancy among the members thereof, and at any meeting of a Commission two, or such greater number as the Commission may determine, shall be the quorum.

2. For the purpose of considering any matter of common concern, the Commissions, or any two or three of them, may hold joint meetings.

3. Where a Commission have provisionally determined to make recommendations affecting any constituency, they shall publish in at least one newspaper circulating in the constituency a notice stating—

(a) the effect of the proposed recommendations and (except in a case where they propose to recommend that no alteration be made in respect of the constituency) that a copy of the recommendations is open to inspection at a specified place within the constituency; and

(b) that representations with respect to the proposed recommendations may be made to the Commission within one month after the publication of the notice;

and the Commission shall take into consideration any representations duly made in accordance with any such notice.

4. A Commission may, if they think fit, cause a local inquiry to be held in respect of any constituency or constituencies.

5. —(1) Subsections (2) and (3) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933, (which relate to the attendance of witnesses at inquiries) shall apply in relation to any local inquiry which the Commission for England or the Commission for Wales may cause to be held in pursuance of this Act.

1949 House of Commons Ch. 66 981

(Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949

(2) In relation to any local inquiry which the Commission for iSt Sch. Scotland may cause to be held as aforesaid, the said subsections (2) —cont. and (3) shall apply in like manner as if that Act applied to Scotland,

with the substitution however of references to an order for references to a summons.

(3) In relation to any local inquiry which the Commission for Northern Ireland may cause to be held as aforesaid, sections nineteen and twenty of the Poor Relief (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1847, shall apply.

6. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, each of the Commissions shall have power to regulate their own procedure.

7. Every document purporting to be an instrument made or issued by a Commission and to be signed by the secretary or any person authorised to act in that behalf, shall be received in evidence and shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to be an instrument made or issued by the Commission.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Section 2

Rules for Redistribution of Seats

1. The number of constituencies in the several parts of the United Kingdom set out in die first column of the following table shall be as stated respectively in the second column of that table—

Part of the No. of Constituencies.

United Kingdom.

Great Britain ...

Scotland

Wales

Northern Ireland

Not substantially greater or less than 613. Not less than 71.

Not less than 35.

12.

2. Every constituency shall return a single member.

3. There shall continue to be a constituency which shall include the whole of the City of London and the name of which shall refer to the City of London.

4.—(1) So far as is practicable having regard to the foregoing rules—

(a) in England and Wales,—

(i) no county or any part thereof shall be included in a constituency which includes the whole or part of any other county or the whole or part of a county borough or metropolitan borough;

(ii) no county borough or any part thereof shall be included in a constituency which includes the whole or part of any other county borough or the whole or part of a metropolitan borough;

(iii) no metropolitan borough or any part thereof shall be included in a constituency which includes the whole or part of any other metropolitan borough;

(iv) no county district shall be included partly in one constituency and partly in another;

le

982

Ch. 66

House of Commons 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Redistribution of Seats) A, 1949

2nd Sch. —cont.

(2) In paragraph (1) of this rule the following expressions have the following meanings, that is to say : —

" county" means an administrative county other than the county of London;

" county borough " has the same meaning as in the Local Government Act, 1933;

"county district" has, in sub-paragraph (a), the same meaning as in the Local Government Act, 1933, and, in sub-para-graph (c), the same meaning as in the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

5. The electorate of any constituency shall be as near the electoral quota as is practicable having regard to the foregoing rules; and a Boundary Commission may depart from the strict application of the last foregoing rule if it appears to them that a departure is desirable to avoid an excessive disparity between the electorate of any constituency and the electoral quota, or between the electorate thereof and that of neighbouring constituencies in the part of the United Kingdom with which they are concerned.

6. A Boundary Commission may depart from the strict application of the last two foregoing rules if special geographical considerations, including in particular the size, shape and accessibility of a constituency, appear to them to render a departure desirable.

7. For the purpose of these rules—

(a) the expression "electoral quota" means—

(i) in the application of these rules to a constituency in Great Britain, a number obtained by dividing the electorate for Great Britain by the number of constitu-

- encies in Great Britain existing on the enumeration date;

(ii) in the application of these rules to a constituency in Northern Ireland, a number obtained by dividing the electorate for Northern Ireland by the number of constituencies in Northern Ireland existing on the enumeration date;

(b) the expression " electorate " means—

(i) in relation to a constituency, the number of persons whose names appear on the register of parliamentary electors in force on the enumeration date under the Representation of the People Acts for the constituency;

(ii) in relation to Great Britain or Northern Ireland, the aggregate electorate as hereinbefore defined of all the constituencies therein;

(b) in Scotland, no burgh other than a county of a city shall

be included partly in one constituency and partly in v another;

(c) in Northern Ireland, no county district shall be included

partly in one constituency and partly in another.

1949

House of Commons

(Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949 Ch. 66

983

(c) the expression " enumeration date " means, in relation to any 2nd Sch. report of a Boundary Commission under this Act, the date —con/. on which the notice with respect to that report is published in accordance with section two of this Act

THIRD SCHEDULE Repeals

Section 8.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

7 A 8 Geo. 6. c. 41. The House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1944. The whole Act.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 5. The Representation of the People Act, 1945. Section thirty-three.

10 A11 Geo. 6. c. 10. The House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1947. The whole Act.

11 A12 Geo.6. c. 65. The Representation of the People Act, 1948. Section three; subsection (3) of section fifty-nine; in section eighty-one the words "and " the House of Commons " (Redistribution of Seats) "Act, 1947"; the Second Schedule; and in the Tenth Schedule, in paragraph 1 of Part I, in sub-paragraph (1) the words from the beginning to " and boroughs " and sub-paragraphs (2) and (3).

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Poor Relief (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1847 Interpretation Act, 1889 Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898 Local Government Act, 1933 House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1944 Representation of the People Act, 1945 House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1947 Representation of the People Act, 1948 10 All Vict. c. 90. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. 23 A24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 7 A 8 Geo. 6. c. 41. 8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 5. 10 A11 Geo. 6. c. 10. 11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 65.

984

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

CHAPTER 67

Civil Aviation Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Part I Central Administration

Section

1. Appointment and functions of Minister of Civil Aviation.

2. Oath of allegiance and official oath.

3. Appointment of officers, remuneration and expenses.

4. Capacity to sit in House of Commons.

5. Seal, style and acts of Minister.

6. Transfer to Minister of property, rights and liabilities relating to

civil aviation.

7. Delegation of certain functions of Minister.

Part II

Regulation of Civil Aviation General

8. Power to give effect to Chicago Convention and regulate air navi-

gation.

9. Control of aviation in time of war or emergency.

10. Investigation of accidents.

11. Dangerous flying.

Air Transport

12. Air Transport Advisory Council.

13. Licensing of air transport and commercial flying.

14. Information as to air transport undertakings and use of customs

aerodromes.

15. Terms and conditions of employment of persons employed by air

transport undertakings.

Part III Aerodromes and other Land Minister's Aerodromes

16. Minister’s power to provide aerodromes.

17. Consultation with local bodies.

18. Sanitary control on Minister’s aerodromes.

Local Authorities’ Aerodromes

19. Power of local authorities to provide aerodromes.

20. Power to carry on ancillary businesses.

21. Provisions as to London.

22. Other statutory bodies in Northern Ireland.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

Ministers' power over land in connection with civil aviation

Section

23. Power to acquire and manage land.

24. Power to obtain rights over land.

25. Power to prohibit or restrict use of civil aerodromes.

26. Power to exercise control over land in the interests of civil aviation.

27. Indiration of presence of obstructions near licensed aerodromes.

28. Power of Minister of Transport to stop up and divert highways,

etc., in the interests of civil aviation.

29. Power of entry for purposes of survey.

30. Special provisions relating to statutory undertakers.

31. Displacements from land*

32. Consecrated land and burial grounds.

33. Registration of certain orders in the register of local land charges.

34. Notices.

35. Exemptions from stamp duty.

36. Compensation of officers.

Supplemental

37. Power to appoint special constables.

38. Trespassing on licensed aerodromes.

39. Expenses of Part III.

Part IV

Liability for Damage, etc., caused by Aircraft

40. Liability of aircraft in respect of trespass, nuisance and surface

damage.

41. Nuisance caused by aircraft on aerodromes.

42 Limitation of liability,

43. Compulsory third-party insurance.

44. Certificates of insurance or security.

45. Rights under policies, etc.

46. Offences in connection with policies, etc.

47. Survival of causes of action in Northern Ireland.

48. Power to give effect to Rome Convention.

49. Supplemental provisions for Part IV.

50. Commencement of certain provisions in Part IV.

Part V

Miscellaneous

51. Application of law of wreck and salvage to aircraft.

52 Application to seaplanes of regulations as to ships.

53. Exemption of aircraft and parts thereof from seizure on patent

claims.

54. Explanation of Carriage by Air Act, 1932.

55. Recording and registration of births and deaths, etc.

56. Custody and disposal of lost property.

Part VI Supplemental

57. Orders in Council.

58. Detention of aircraft.

59. Extra-territorial effect.

60. Offences.

61. Savings.

986 Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Part VII General

Section

62. Jurisdiction.

63. Interpretation.

64. General application to Scotland.

65. General application to Northern Ireland.

66. Application to H.M. dominions.

67. Application to Channel Islands and Isle of Man.

68. Transitory provisions.

69. Amendments of other enactments.

70. Repeal and savings.

71. Short title.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Provisions relating to certain orders under Part III.

Second Schedule.—Provisions relating to orders under s. 25.

Third Schedule.—Provisions relating to directions under s. 26. Fourth Schedule.—Adjustments of the functions of statutory undertakers.

Fifth Schedule.—Limits of liability.

Sixth Schedule.—Provisions as to policies of insurance, securities and deposits.

Seventh Schedule.—Survival of causes of action in Northern Ireland after death.

Eighth Schedule.—Patent claims against aircraft not protected under Chicago Convention.

Ninth Schedule:

Part I.—Provisions which may be adapted for Northern Ireland.

Part II.—Provisions which may be extended to the Colonies, etc.

Tenth Schedule.—Orders for the Compulsory purchase of land in Northern Ireland under s. 19 (2).

Eleventh Schedule.—Amendments of other enactments.

Twelfth Schedule.—Repeals.

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to civil aviation, other than the Carriage by Air Act, 1932, and other than the enactments relating to the constitution and functions of the Airways Corporations.

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I Central Administration

Appointment 1.—(1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a

nnd functions Minister of Civil Aviation (in this Act referred to as " the Civil Avhttion Minister ") who shall be charged with the general duty of

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

987

organising, carrying out and encouraging measures for the Part I development of civil aviation, for the designing, development —cont. and production of civil aircraft, for the promotion of safety and efficiency in the use thereof, and for research into questions relating to air navigation:

Provided that this subsection shall not authorise the production of civil aircraft by the Minister.

(2) The acquisition and disposal of aircraft, aero-engines and aviation equipment in discharge of the Minister’s said duty shall be subject to the approval of the Treasury.

2. The Minister shall take the oath of allegiance and the Oath of official oath, and the Promissory Oaths Act, 1868, shall have ^ncct?nd effect as if the name of the Minister were included in the first oa Part of the Schedule to that Act.

3. —(1) The Minister may appoint a Parliamentary Secretary, Appointment

and such other secretaries, officers and servants as he may with of officers,

the consent of the Treasury determine. remuneration

J and expenses.

(2) There shall be paid—

(a) to the Minister, an annual salary not exceeding five thousand pounds;

(b) to any Parliamentary Secretary appointed by the Minister, and to any other secretaries, officers and servants appointed by the Minister, such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may determihe, and for the purposes of section six of the Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937 (which makes provision against duplicate salaries) any salary payable under this subsection to the Minister or to any Parliamentary Secretary appointed by him shall be deemed to be a salary payable under that Act.

(3) The salary of the Minister and his expenses (including any salaries or remuneration payable under paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection) shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

4. A person holding office as Minister of Civil Aviation, or Capacity to as Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry, shall not thereby J? House of be rendered incapable of being elected as a member of the Commons-Commons House of Parliament, or of sitting or voting as such

a member.

5. —(1) The Minister shall for all purposes be a corporation Seal, style and sole, and shall have an official seal, which shall be authenticated JJ*8 .of

by the signature of the Minister or of a secretary to the Mirmtcr-Ministry or of any person authorised by the Minister to act in that behalf.

(2) The seal of the Minister shall be officially and judicially noticed, and every document purporting to be an instrument made or issued by the Minister and to be sealed with the seal

988

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part I —cont.

Transfer to Minister of property, rights and liabilities relating to civil aviation.

Delegation of certain functions of Minister.

of the Minister authenticated in the manner provided by this section, or to be signed by a secretary to the Ministry or any person authorised as aforesaid, shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be so made or issued without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(3) A certificate signed by the Minister that any instrument purporting to be made or issued by him was so made or issued shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.

(4) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, shall apply to the Minister as if his name were included in the first column of the Schedule to that Act, and as if he or a secretary to the Ministry or any person authorised by him to act on his behalf were mentioned in the second column of that Schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in that Act included any document issued by the Minister.

6. —(1) Any property vested in, right enjoyed by, or liability incumbent on the Secretary of State for the purposes of civil aviation immediately before the time of vesting shall without more vest in or devolve on the Minister.

(2) Any regulation, order, direction, appointment, determination, agreement, requirement or representation made or other thing done or proceeding taken by, to or before the Secretary of State for the purposes of civil aviation before the time of vesting, and in force or having effect at that time shall be treated as if it had been made, done or taken by, to or before the Minister and shall continue in force or have effect accordingly.

(3) A certificate by the Secretary of State and the Minister that any property, right or liability vested, enjoyed or incurred in or by die Secretary of State was or was not vested, enjoyed or incurred for the purposes of civil aviation, or that anything made, done or taken by, to or before the Secretary of State, was or was not made, done or taken for those purposes shall, in determining any question as to the effect of either of the two foregoing subsections, be conclusive of the matters certified.

(4) In this section the expression " time of vesting" means the passing of the Ministry of Civil Aviation Act, 1945.

7. —(1) The Minister may by order provide for delegating to a body appearing to him to be so constituted as to consist of—

(a) persons substantially representative of the interests concerned with civil aviation (and in particular of operators, constructors and insurers of aircraft), and

(b) two persons appointed by the Minister, one as being an independent person and the other as being a person who has had not less than five years* professional experience as a pilot of civil aircraft, such of the administrative functions of the Minister with respect to the matters to which this subsection applies as may be specified in the order, and for entrusting to that body such advisory

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

989

functions in connection with any of the said matters as may be part I so specified; and an order under this section may direct that any -cm. fees for the time being prescribed by an Order in Council under section eight of this Act in relation to matters with respect to which functions are delegated under this section to such a body as aforesaid, shall be paid to, and may be retained by, that body.

The matters to which this subsection applies are the design, construction and maintenance of aircraft, and matters connected therewith.

(2) An order under this section may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order.

(3) An order under this section shall be made by statutory instrument and if the order delegates or entrusts any functions to such a body as aforesaid a draft of the statutory instrument shall be laid before Parliament.

(4) The Minister may contribute such sums as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine to the payment of any expenses which may be incurred by such a body as aforesaid for the purposes of an order under this section; and any sums required by the Minister for making contributions under this subsection shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(5) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

Part II

Regulation of Civil Aviation General

8.—(1) Whereas on the seventh day of December, nineteen Power to hundred and forty-four at the International Civil Aviation Con- *? to ference held at Chicago, there was signed on behalf of the^ ^ Government of the United Kingdom a Convention on Inter- an(j regulate national Civil Aviation (hereinafter referred to as " the Chicago air navigation. Convention "):

And whereas a copy of the final Act of the said Conference including (amongst other things) the text of the Chicago Convention was, on the fourth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, presented to Parliament by command of His Majesty:

And whereas it is expedient to provide tor giving effect to the Chicago Convention and to make further provision for the regulation of air navigation:

Now, therefore. His Majesty may by Order in Council make such provision as appears to Him to be requisite or expedient—

(a) for carrying out the Chicago Convention, any Annex thereto relating to international standards and recommended practices (being an Annex adopted in accordance with the Convention) and any amendment of the Convention or any such Annex made in accordance with the Convention; or

990

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II

—cont.

(b) generally for regulating air navigation.

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Council make provision—

(a) as to the registration of aircraft in the United Kingdom;

(b) for prohibiting aircraft from flying unless certificates of

airworthiness issued or validated under the Order are in force with respect to them and except upon compliance with such conditions as to maintenance or repair as may be specified in the Order;

(c) for the licensing, inspection and regulation of aero-

dromes, for access to aerodromes and places where aircraft have landed, for access to aircraft factories for the purpose of inspecting work therein carried on in relation to aircraft or parts thereof and for prohibiting or regulating the use of unlicensed aerodromes;

(d) for prohibiting persons from engaging in, or being

employed in or (except in the maintenance at unlicensed aerodromes of aircraft not used for or in connection with commercial, industrial or other gainful purposes) in connection with, air navigation in such capacities as may be specified in the Order except in accordance with provisions in that behalf contained in the Order, and for the licensing of those employed at aerodromes licensed under the Order in the inspection or supervision of aircraft;

(e) as to the conditions under which, and in particular the

aerodromes to or from which, aircraft entering or leaving the United Kingdom may fly, and as to the conditions under which aircraft may fly from one part of the United Kingdom to another;

(/) as to the conditions under which passengers and goods may be carried by air and under which aircraft may be used for other commercial, industrial or gainful purposes, and for prohibiting the carriage by air of goods of such classes as may be specified in the Order;

(g) for minimizing or preventing interference with the use

or effectiveness of apparatus used in connection with air navigation, and for prohibiting or regulating the use of such apparatus as aforesaid and the display of signs and lights liable to endanger aircraft;

(h) generally for securing the safety, efficiency and regu-

larity of air navigation and the safety of aircraft and of persons and property carried therein, for preventing aircraft endangering other persons and property and, in particular, for the detention of aircraft for any of the purposes specified in this paragraph;

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

991

(0 for requiring persons engaged in, or employed in or in connection with, air navigation to supply meteorological information for the purposes of air navigation;

(/) for regulating the making of signals and other communications by or to aircraft and persons carried therein;

(k) for regulating the use of the civil air ensign and any other ensign established by His Majesty in Council for purposes connected with air navigation;

(/) for prohibiting aircraft from flying over such areas in the United Kingdom as may be specified in the Order;

(m) for applying, adapting or modifying the enactments relating to customs in relation to aerodromes and to aircraft and to persons and property carried therein and for preventing smuggling by air, and for permitting in connection with air navigation, subject to such conditions as appear to His Majesty in Council to be requisite or expedient for the protection of the revenue, the importation of goods into the United Kingdom without payment of duty;

(n) as to the manner and conditions of the issue, validation, renewal, extension or variation of any certificate, licence or other document required by the Order (including the examinations and tests to be undergone), and as to the form, custody, production, cancellation, suspension, endorsement and surrender of any such document;

(o) for regulating the charges that may be made for the

use of aerodromes licensed under the Order and for services provided at such aerodromes;

(p) for prescribing, subject to the consent of the Treasury,

the fees to be paid in respect of the issue, validation, renewal, extension or variation of any certificate, licence or other document or the undergoing of any examination or test required by the Order and in respect of any other matters in respect of which it appears to His Majesty in Council to be expedient for the purpose of the Order to charge fees;

(q) for exempting from the provisions of the Order or any

of them any aircraft or persons or classes of aircraft or persons.

(3) \n Order in Council under this section may make different provision with respect to different classes of aircraft, aerodromes, persons or property and with respect to different circumstances and with respect to different parts of the United Kingdom but shall, so far as practicable, be so framed as not to discriminate

Pari II

~-cont.

992

Part II

—cont.

Control of aviation in time of war or emergency*

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

in like circumstances between aircraft registered in the United Kingdom operated on charter terms by one air transport undertaking and such aircraft so operated by another such undertaking.

(4) An Order in Council under this section may, for the purpose of securing compliance with the provisions thereof, provide for the imposition of penalties not exceeding a fine of two hundred pounds and imprisonment for a term of six months, and, in the case of any provision having effect by virtue of paragraph (/) of subsection (2) of this section, may also for that purpose provide for the taking of such steps (including firing on aircraft) as may be specified in the Order.

(5) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any sums payable by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom by way of contribution to the expenses of the International Civil Aviation Organisation under the Chicago Convention;

(b) such expenses of any delegate, representative or nominee of His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom appointed for any purposes connected with the Chicago Convention as may be approved by the Treasury;

(c) any expenses incurred by His Majesty’s Government

in the United Kingdom for the purposes of Chapter XV of the Chicago Convention (which relates to the provision of airports and other air navigation facilities); and

(d) any other expenses incurred by a Government Depart-

ment by reason of this section.

(6) There shall be paid into the Exchequer—

(a) all sums received by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom by way of repayment of expenses incurred for the purposes of the said Chapter XV; and

(b) all sums received by way of fees paid under an Order

in Council under this section other than fees which, under an order made under section seven of this Act are paid to any of the bodies to which functions of the Minister are delegated under that section.

(7) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

9.—(1) In time of war, whether actual or imminent, or of great national emergency, the Secretary of State may by order regulate or prohibit, either absolutely or subject to such conditions as may be contained in the order and notwithstanding

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

993

the provisions of this Act or any Order in Council or regulations Part n made thereunder, the navigation of all or any descriptions of —com. aircraft over the United Kingdom or any portion thereof; and may by order provide for taking possession of and using for the purposes of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces any aerodrome, or any aircraft, machinery, plant, material or things found therein or thereon, and for regulating or prohibiting the use, erection, building, maintenance or establishment of any aerodrome, or flying school, or any class or description thereof.

(2) An order under this section may make, for the purposes of the order, such provision as an Order in Council under section eight of this Act may by virtue of subsection (4) of that section make for the purpose of securing compliance with provisions thereof having effect by virtue of paragraph (/) of subsection (2) of that section.

(3) Any person who suffers direct injury or loss, owing to the operation of an order of the Secretary of State under this section, shall be entitled to receive compensation from the Secretary of State, the amount thereof to be fixed, in default of agreement, by the Lands Tribunal; and the principles of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall, with the necessary modifications, apply where possession is taken of any land:

Provided that no compensation shall be payable by reason of the operation of a general order under this section prohibiting flying in the United Kingdom or any part thereof.

(4) The power to make an order under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument

(5) Any expenses incurred by a Secretary of State in the exercise of his powers under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(6) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

10.—(1) The Minister may make regulations providing for the Investigation investigation of any accident arising out of or in the course of of accidents, air navigation, and either occurring in or over the United Kingdom or occurring elsewhere to British aircraft registered in the United Kingdom:

Provided that regulations not relating only to civil aviation shall be made by the Secretary of State and the Minister acting jointly.

(2) Regulations under this section may contain provisions—

(a) requiring notice to be given of any such accident as aforesaid in such manner and by such persons as may be specified in the order;

994

Part II —cent.

Dangerous

flying.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(b) applying, with or without modification, for the purpose of investigations held with respect to any such accidents any of the provisions of section three of the Notice of Accidents Act, 1894;

(c) prohibiting, pending investigation, access to or inter-

ference with aircraft to which an accident has occurred, and authorising any person, so far as may be necessary for the purposes of an investigation, to have access to, examine, remove, take measures for the preservation of, or otherwise deal with, any such aircraft;

(d) authorising or requiring the cancellation, suspension,

endorsement or surrender of any licence or certificate granted under this Part of this Act or any Order in Council or order made under this Part of this Act, where it appears on an investigation that the licence ought to be cancelled, suspended, endorsed or surrendered, and requiring the production of any such licence for the purpose of being so dealt with:

Provided that nothing in this section shall limit the powers ol any authority under sections five hundred and thirty to five hundred and thirty-seven of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, or any enactment amending those sections.

(3) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with any regulations under this section, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(4) Any expenses incurred by a Secretary of State or the Minister in the exercise of his powers under this section, including the expenses of any investigation under this section, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(5) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

11.—(1) Where an aircraft is flown in such a manner as to be the cause of unnecessary danger to any person or property on land or water, the pilot or the person in charge of the aircraft, and also the owner thereof unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court that the aircraft was so flown without his actual fault or privity, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both.

In this section the expression "owner" in relation to an aircraft includes any person by whom the aircraft is hired at the time of the offence.

(2) The provisions of this section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of the powers conferred on His Majesty in Council by section eight of this Act.

(3) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

995

Air Transport Part II

12.—(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council provide for 'Zcont‘ the constitution of an Air Transport Advisory Council consisting ^Jaorv*P°rt of a chairman, who shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor councijf and who shall be a barrister, advocate or solicitor of not less than seven years’ standing, and such number of members appointed by the Minister (not being less than two nor more than four) as may be determined in accordance with the Order.

Of the members of the Council appointed by the Minister, at least one shall be a person of experience in the operation of air transport services, and at least one shall be a person of experience in the operation of other transport services.

No member of any of the Airways Corporations, and no person employed by any of the Airways Corporations, shall be qualified to be a member of the Council.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Air Transport Advisory Council to consider any representation from any person with respect to the adequacy of the facilities provided by any of the Airways Corporations, or with respect to the charges for any such facilities:

Provided that the Council shall not be required by this subsection to consider any such representation if, in their opinion, it is frivolous or vexatious or if, in their opinion, the matters to which the representation relates have been already sufficiently considered by the Council, or if, in their opinion, it is inexpedient that they should consider the representation on the ground that the matters to which it relates are for the time being regulated by any international agreement to which His Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom is a party.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Air Transport Advisory Council to consider any question which may be referred to the Council by the Minister, being: —

(a) a question relating to facilities for transport by air in

any part of the world, or relating to the charges for such facilities; or

(b) a question which in the opinion of the Minister requires

consideration with a view to the improvement of air transport services.

(4) When the Council have considered any such representation or question as aforesaid, they shall report to the Minister upon their conclusions, and shall make such recommendations to the Minister in connection with those conclusions as they think expedient.

(5) The Council may with the approval of the Minister appoint such assessors as they think expedient for the purpose of securing that they are properly advised with respect to matters affecting the interests of persons who use air transport services, or of any

996

Part II

—cont.

Licensing of air transport and commercial flying.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

class of such persons, and the interests of technical, professional, industrial and commercial bodies (including those of organised labour) directly concerned with the provision of air transport services.

(6) Any Order made under this section may contain such incidental and consequential provisions, including provisions for the payment of remuneration to members of the Council out of moneys provided by Parliament, provisions for the payment out of such moneys of expenses incurred in connection with the appointment of assessors by the Council, and provisions for determining the procedure of the Council, as His Majesty thinks expedient.

The procedure of the Council shall be such as to secure that no member of the Council shall sit to consider any representation or question which it is the duty of the Council to consider, if, in respect of the matters to which the representation or question relates, he has any special interest such as may tend to interfere with his impartial consideration of the representation or question.

(7) The Council shall be furnished by the Minister with such accommodation as appears to him to be requisite for the proper discharge of their functions, and with such clerks, officers and staff as appear to him, with the concurrence of the Treasury as to numbers, to be requisite for that purpose, and the Minister shall pay to the clerks, officers and staff of the Council such remuneration as he may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

(8) The Minister shall provide the Council with such information and other assistance as he thinks expedient for the purpose of assisting the Council to discharge their functions; and each of the Airways Corporations shall keep the Council informed of all services which are provided by them or which they intend to provide, and of the charges which the Corporation make or propose to make for any such services.

(9) The Council shall make an annual report to the Minister of their proceedings, and the Minister shall lay the report before each House of Parliament together with a statement of any action which has been taken by him in consequence of any recommendations submitted to him by the Council during the period to which the report relates.

(10) A draft of any Order proposed to be made under this section shall be laid before Parliament.

13.—(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council make provision—

(a) for securing that aircraft shall not be used in the United Kingdom by any person—

(i) for plying, while carrying passengers or goods for hire or reward, on such journeys or classes of

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

journeys (whether beginning and ending at the same point or at different points) as may be specified in the Order, or

(ii) for such flying undertaken for the purpose of any trade or business as may be so specified, except under the authority of, and in accordance with, a licence granted to the said person by the licensing authority specified in the Order;

(b) as to the circumstances in which a licence under the

Order may or shall be granted, refused, revoked or suspended, and in particular as to the matters to which the licensing authority specified in the Order is to have regard in deciding whether to grant or refuse such a licence;

(c) as to appeals from the licensing authority by persons

interested in the grant, refusal, revocation or suspension of any licence under the Order;

(d) as to the conditions which may be attached to such a

licence (including conditions as to the fares, freight or other charges to be charged by the holder of the licence), and for securing compliance with any conditions so attached;

(e) as to the information to be furnished by an applicant

for, or the holder of, such a licence to such authorities as may be specified in the Order;

(/) for prescribing, subject to the consent of the Treasury, the fees to be paid in respect of the grant of any licence under the Order;

and such an Order may make different provision as respects different classes of aircraft and different classes of licences.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may, for the purpose of securing compliance with the Order, provide for the imposition of penalties not exceeding, in the case of a first offence against the Order, a fine of twenty pounds or, in the case of a second or subsequent such offence, a fine of fifty pounds or imprisonment for a term of three months.

(3) The Minister shall lay before Parliament the draft of any Order which it is proposed to recommend His Majesty in Councfl to make under this section, and no further proceedings shall be taken in relation thereto except in pursuance of an Address presented to His Majesty by both Houses of Parliament praying that the Order may be made in the terms of the draft.

(4) The Minister may pay out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) to the members of any licensing authority which may be constituted by an Order in Council under this section such remuneration (if any) as the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury, may determine; and

997

Part II

—cont.

998

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II

—cont.

Information

as to air

transport

undertakings

and use of

customs

aerodromes.

(b) the amounts necessary to defray such expenses of the said licensing authority as the Minister and the Treasury may approve.

The amount of any fee received under such an Order in Council by any such licensing authority shall be paid by that authority to the Minister, and, when received by him, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(5) Part VI of this Act applies to this section so, however, that an Order in Council under this section shall not be laid before Parliament nor be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

14.—(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council make provision—

(a) for requiring any person—

(i) who carries on the business of carrying passengers or goods in aircraft for hire or reward on such journeys or classes of journeys (whether beginning and ending at the same point or at different points) as may be specified in the Order, or

(ii) who is the holder of a licence in respect of a customs aerodrome,

to furnish to such authorities as may be specified in the Order such information relating to the use of aircraft for the purpose of his said business and to the persons employed in connection with that use, or, as the case may be, relating to the use of the aerodrome and to the persons employed in aircraft arriving thereat or departing therefrom, as may be prescribed by the Order;

(b) for requiring the owner, or the pilot or other person

in charge, of any aircraft arriving at, or departing from, any customs aerodrome to furnish to the holder of the licence in respect of that aerodrome such information as may be necessary to enable the holder of the said licence to comply with such of the provisions of the Order as relate to him;

(c) for prescribing the times at which, and the form and

manner in which, any information required under the Order is to be furnished:

Provided that a person carrying on such a business as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not be required to furnish information relating to the use of aircraft on journeys wholly outside the United Kingdom, or

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

999

relating to persons exclusively employed outside the United Part II Kingdom, unless the person carrying on the business is either a —cont. British subject resident in the United Kingdom or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland resident in the United Kingdom or a body corporate incorporated under the law of some part of the United Kingdom.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may provide for imposing on any person who contravenes or fails to comply with any provision of the Order such penalties (not exceeding a fine of twenty pounds and a further fine of five pounds for every day on which the contravention or non-compliance continues after conviction therefor) as may be specified in the Order.

(3) No information with respect to any particular undertaking which has been obtained by virtue of an Order in Council under this section shall, without the consent of the person carrying on that undertaking, be disclosed otherwise than in connection with the execution of such an Order, and if any person discloses any such information in contravention of this subsection, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both or, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both.

Nothing in this subsection shall apply to the disclosure of any information for the purposes of any legal proceedings which may be taken by virtue of this subsection or of an Order in Council made under this section, or for the purpose of any report of any such proceedings, but, save as aforesaid, the restriction imposed by this subsection shall, in relation to any legal pro-ceilings (including arbitrations), extend so as to prohibit and prevent any person who is in possession of any such information so obtained from disclosing, and from being required by any court or arbitrator to disclose, that information (whether as a witness or otherwise) except with the consent of the person carrying on the undertaking to which the information relates.

(4) In this section the expression "customs aerodrome*’ means an aerodrome for the time being appointed in pursuance of an Order in Council in force under section eight of this Act as a place of landing and departure of aircraft for the purposes of the enactments relating to customs.

(5) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

15.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for Terms and the purpose of securing that the terms and conditions of employ- conditions of ment of persons employed by any independent undertaking £^ysment of constituted for the purpose of providing air transport services employed by

air transport undertakings.

1000

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation Act,

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II or of carrying out other forms of aerial work shall, except in —conu so far as those terms and conditions—

(a) are regulated by or under any enactment other than this

section; or

(b) are in accordance with an agreement for the time being

in force between the undertaking and organisations representative of the persons employed; or

(c) are in accordance with any decision for the time being

in force of a joint industrial council representing the undertaking and organisations representative of the persons employed;

comply with the following requirement, that is to say, that they shall not be less favourable than the terms and conditions observed by the Airways Corporations in the case of persons engaged in comparable work, or, where the Airways Corporations do not observe the same terms and conditions for persons engaged in comparable work, are not less favourable than the terms and conditions observed for such persons by at least one of those Corporations.

(2) If any dispute arises as to whether the terms and conditions of any person’s employment ought to comply with the requirement aforesaid, or as to what terms and conditions ought to be observed for the purpose of complying therewith, the dispute shall, if not otherwise disposed of, be referred by the Minister to the Industrial Court for settlement.

(3) Where any award has been made by the Industrial Court upon a dispute referred to that Court under this section, then, as from the date of the award or from such other date as the Court may direct, and subject to any subsequent variation or revocation of the award, it shall be an implied term of the contract between the employer and workers to whom the award applies that the terms and conditions of employment to be observed under the contract shall be in accordance with the award, except in so far as they are regulated by or under any enactment other than this section or are in accordance with any such agreement or decision as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

' No direction given by the Court for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall have the effect of making any award retrospective to a date earlier than the date on which the dispute to which the award relates first arose.

(4) In this section the expression " independent undertaking" means any undertaking other than the Airways Corporations.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1001

Part III Aerodromes and Other Land Minister’s Aerodromes

16. —(1) The Minister may for the purposes of civil aviation Minister’s

establish and maintain aerodromes and provide and maintain power to in connection therewith roads, approaches, apparatus, equipment. pro'^de and buildings and other accommodation: aerodromes.

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise the execution of any works on, over or under tidal lands below high-water mark of ordinary spring tides, except in accordance with plans and sections previously approved in writing by the Minister of Transport and subject to such conditions as he may impose.

(2) The Minister shall appoint for each aerodrome vested in him an officer who shall be responsible to the Minister for all services provided on the aerodrome on behalf of the Minister, including signalling services, flying control services, and services connected with the execution of works.

(3) The Minister shall not provide any of the Airways Corporations with aerodrome facilities in connection with the operation of any charter service unless he is satisfied that comparable facilities are available, or can be made available if required, to persons other than the Airways Corporations in connection with the operation of a similar service, and are so available, or can be made so available if required, upon terms and conditions not less favourable than those upon which the facilities in question are provided by him for the Corporation concerned.

In this subsection the expression "aerodrome facilities" means any facilities connected with the use of an aerodrome, and the expression " charter service" means any service provided on charter terms.

17. In the management and administration of any aerodrome Consultation vested in him the Minister shall make such provision as he with local thinks necessary to ensure that adequate facilities for consulta-

tion are provided for the local authorities in whose areas the aerodrome or any part thereof is situated, and for other local authorities whose areas are in the neighbourhood of the aerodrome, and for other organisations representing the interests of persons concerned with the locality in which the aerodrome is situated.

18. —(1) Without prejudice to their general duties under any Sanitary

Act of Parliament or otherwise, it shall be the duty of the control on Minister of Health and the Minister of Civil Aviation to make Mimster’s such arrangements as they think necessary— aerodromes.

(a) for preventing danger to public health from aircraft arriving at any aerodrome vested in or under the control of the Minister of Civil Aviation; and

2 L

1002

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III (b) for preventing the spread of infection by means of any —com. aircraft leaving any such aerodrome, so far as may be

necessary or expedient for the purpose of carrying out any treaty, convention, arrangement or engagement with any country.

(2) A local authority may, and shall if the Minister of Health so requires, undertake duties in connection with the execution of any such arrangements as aforesaid; and the Minister of Health shall pay to a local authority such charges as the authority may reasonably require to be paid in respect of expenses incurred and services provided by the authority in the performance of such duties.

(3) Any reference in this section to a local authority shall be construed—

(a) in relation to England, as a reference to any local authority for the purposes of the Public Health Act, 1936, any county council and any port.health authority, and also any joint board of which all the constituent authorities are local authorities within the meaning of the preceding provisions of this paragraph;

(b) in relation to Scotland, as a reference to a local authority for the purposes of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1945, and also a port local authority as defined in section one hundred and seventy-two of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897;

(c) in relation to Northern Ireland, as a reference to such authority as the Ministry of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland may designate as the appropriate authority for the purposes of this section.

(4) The references in this section to the Minister of Health shall be construed in relation to Scotland as references to the Secretary of State, and in relation to Northern Ireland, as references to the Ministry of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland.

Local authorities’ aerodromes

Power of local It.—(1) Any local authority may, with the consent of the

authorities Minister and subject to such conditions as he may impose, estab-t°^d>Vlde lish anc* maintain aerodromes, and provide and maintain in aer romes. connection therewith roads, approaches, apparatus, equipment and buildings and other accommodation:

Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise the execution of any works on, over or under tidal lands below high-water mark of ordinary spring tides, except in accordance with plans and sections previously approved in writing by the Minister of Transport and subject to such conditions as he may impose.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

(2) A local authority may, for the purpose of exercising any of the powers conferred on the authority by the foregoing subsection, acquire land by agreement or be authorised by the Minister to purchase land compulsorily.

(3) For the avoidance of doubts it is hereby declared that one of the purposes for which a local authority may acquire land under this section is the purpose of securing that the land adjacent to the site of an aerodrome which the local authority has established, or is about to establish, shall not be used in such manner as to cause interference with, or danger or damage to, aircraft at, approaching or leaving the aerodrome.

(4) The powers conferred on a local authority by the foregoing provisions of this section shall be exercisable by that authority outside, as well as within, its area.

(5) For the purpose of the purchase of land by agreement under this section, the Lands Clauses Acts, except the provisions of those Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, shall be incorporated with this Act.

(6) Where any land is held by a local authority for any purpose for which land may be acquired under this section, the local authority shall not, without the consent of the Minister, appropriate that land for any other purpose or dispose of the land in any way.

In relation to land in Scotland this subsection shall have effect as if for the words "shall not, without the consent of the Minister " there were substituted the words "shall have power, with the consent of the Minister, but not otherwise, to "

(7) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection where a local authority to which section one hundred and sixty-five of the Local Government Act, 1933, applies holds any land solely for the purpose of securing that it shall not be used in such manner as to cause interference with, or danger or damage to, aircraft at, approaching or leaving an aerodrome of the local authority, that section shall, notwithstanding that it is still requisite that the land should not be so used, have effect in relation to that land as if it authorised the local authority, with the consent of the Minister of Health, to sell the land subject to such conditions as the local authority thinks necessary to secure that the land will not be so used.

(8) A local authority may borrow for the purposes of this section.

(9) In this section the expression " local authority " does not include the council of a rural district in England or Wales, and the expression " land " includes any right in or over land.

2 L 2

1003

Part III

—cont.

1004

Part III

—corn.

Power to carry on ancillary businesses.

Provisions as to London.

Other statutory bodies in Northern Ireland.

Power to acquire and manage land.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

20. If the Minister is satisfied, with respect to any aerodrome provided by a local authority under the last foregoing section, that it is necessary or expedient that the local authority should be empowered to carry on in connection with the aerodrome any particular business, being a business which appears to him to be ancillary to the carrying on of an aerodrome but which the authority would not otherwise have power to carry on, he may make an order authorising that local authority, subject to such conditions (if any) as may be specified in the order, to carry on that business in connection with the aerodrome.

21. —(1) For the purposes of section nineteen of this Act—

(a) the London County Council may borrow under and in accordance with the London County Council (Finance Consolidation) Act, 1912;

(b) the Common Council of the City of London may borrow under the City of London Sewers Acts, 1848 to 1897.

(2) Section ninety-seven of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which applies the provisions of Part III of that Act relating to joint committees to the London County Council and to councils of metropolitan boroughs) shall in relation to the powers conferred on local authorities by or under the last two foregoing sections, have effect as if any reference in the said section ninety-seven to the council of a metropolitan borough included a reference to the Common Council of the City of London.

(3) The expenses of the Common Council of the City of London under the said section nineteen shall be defrayed out of the general rate.

22. —(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that in Northern Ireland die powers conferred by or under the three last foregoing sections on a local authority shall, subject to any restrictions imposed by the Order in Council, be, and be deemed always to have been exercisable also by any statutory body specified in the Order in Council and that any of the said provisions shall, in relation to that body, have effect subject to such adaptations as may be so specified.

(2) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

Ministers' power over land in connection with civil aviation

23. —(1) The Minister shall for purposes of civil aviation and any purpose connected with the discharge of his functions have the like power to acquire land or any right in or over land by agreement under the Military Lands Acts, 1892 to 1903, as has a Secretary of State, and those Acts shall have effect accordingly with the necessary modifications, and in particular as though references to a military purpose included references to any such purposes as aforesaid.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

(2) The Minister may also acquire by agreement otherwise than under the said Acts any land, any estate or other interest in land, or any right in or in relation to land.

(3) The Minister may be authorised to acquire land compulsorily for any purpose connected with the discharge of his functions, and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, shall have effect with respect to the compulsory purchase of land in England or Wales by the Minister under this section as if in subsection (1) of section one of that Act, after paragraph (b) thereof, there were inserted the following paragraph:—

" (c) by the Minister of Civil Aviation under section twenty-three of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949 ":

Provided that section three of that Act shall not have effect in relation to land acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Minister.

In this subsection the expression " land " includes any estate or other interest in land and any easement.

(4) For the purpose of the compulsory purchase by the Minister, under the last foregoing subsection, of land in Northern Ireland, His Majesty may by Order in Council provide for extending the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, to Northern Ireland, subject to any adaptations, modifications and exceptions which may be provided for by the Order.

(5) The Minister shall have power to manage, sell, let or exchange any land vested in him and to pay or receive money in respect of equality of exchange:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be taken to affect the operation of section five of the Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916 (which confers on a person from whom land was acquired under that Act a right of pre-emption in the case of the subsequent sale of that land) as respects any land acquired under that Act.

(6) The Minister shall have power to manage and (subject to the terms of the lease) to sublet any land taken on lease by him or assign the lease.

(7) Where any person having an interest in land (hereinafter referred to as " the grantor ") grants or agrees to grant to the Minister any right (whether in perpetuity or for any other period and whether capable of subsisting as a legal estate or not) in or in relation to that land (including a right to enter upon that land, a right to carry out and maintain works on that land, a right to instal or maintain structures or apparatus on, under, over or across that land, and a right restrictive of the user of that land), the grant or agreement shall be binding upon any person deriving title or otherwise claiming under the grantor

1005

Part III

—cont.

1006

Part III —coni.

Power to obtain rights over land.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

to the same extent as it is binding upon the grantor, notwithstanding that it would not have been binding upon that person apart from the provisions of this subsection.

This subsection shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect as if after the words "the grant or agreement shall " there were inserted the words "on being recorded in the appropriate register of sasines".

(8) His Majesty may by Order in Council apply in relation to the Minister, with any necessary modifications or adaptations, the enactments specified in subsection (9) of this section so as to confer on the Minister all such powers, rights and privileges—

(a) in relation to the acquisition and holding of land for the purpose of discharging any of his functions, and

(b) in relation to the management, use and disposal in any manner of land acquired for that purpose, a6 under the said enactments are, by virtue of any Order in Council made under section thirteen of the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, for the time being vested in the Secretary of State for Air in relation to the acquisition and holding of land for the use of the Air Force or for air force services or purposes and, in relation to the management, use and disposal of land acquired for use of the Air Force or for air force services or purposes.

(9) The said enactments are—

(a) section six of the Defence Act, 1842;

(b) sections two and five of the Ordnance Board Transfer

Act, 1855;

(c) the Defence Acts Amendment Act, 1873;

(d) section two hundred and fifty-four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882;

ie) Part II of the Military Lands Act, 1892.

(10) An Order in Council made under subsection (8) of this section may provide that any enactment applied by the Order shall be deemed always to have been so applied.

(11) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

24.—(1) The Minister may, if he is satisfied that it is expedient so to do in order to secure the safe and efficient use for civil aviation purposes of any land which is vested in him or which he proposes to acquire, or in order to secure the provision of any services required in relation to any such land, or in order to secure that civil aircraft may be navigated with safety and efficiency, by order provide for the creation in his favour of easements over land, or of other rights in or in relation to land, including rights to carry out and maintain works on any land and to instal and maintain structures and apparatus on, under, over or across any land.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1007

(2) Any such order may contain such consequential, incidental and supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order, including, in particular, provisions for authorising persons to enter upon land for the purpose of carrying out, installing, maintaining or removing any works, structures or apparatus.

(3) No person shall, in the exercise of a power conferred by any such order, enter upon land which is occupied, unless, not less than seven days before the day upon which the entry is made, there has been served upon the occupier of the land a notice stating that an entry will be made upon the land upon that day in the exercise of powers conferred by the order, and specifying the purposes for which the entry will be made:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall restrict the right of any person to enter upon land in a case of emergency or for the purpose of performing any functions which are required to be performed from time to time in connection with the maintenance or use of any works, structures or apparatus.

(4) Where any land is damaged in the exercise of any power of entry conferred by any such order, the Minister shall pay such compensation to the persons interested in the land as may be just; and where any dispute arises as to whether compensation is payable under this subsection, or as to the amount of any such compensation, or as to the persons to whom it is payable, the dispute shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.

(5) The ownership of anything shall not be affected by reason only that it is placed on or under, or affixed to, any land in pursuance of any such order; and, so long as any such order is in force, no person shall, except with the consent of the Minister, wilfully interfere with any works carried out on any land in pursuance of the order, or with anything installed on, under, over or across any land in pursuance of the order.

(6) Subject to the special provisions of this Part of this Act relating to statutory undertakers, the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to orders under this section.

(7) Where an order under this section provides for the creation of an easement over land held by a statutory undertaker for the purposes of the carrying on of his undertaking, or of any other right in or in relation to such land, then, if on a representation made to the appropriate Minister before the expiration of the time within which objections to the order may be made the appropriate Minister is satisfied that the easement or right could not be enjoyed without serious detriment to the carrying on of the undertaking, and certifies accordingly, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

This subsection shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Part 111

—cont.

1008

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III

—com.

Power to prohibit or restrict use of civil aerodromes.

(8) If any person contravenes the provisions of subsection (5) of this section he shall be liable on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or to both; and every person who wilfully obstructs any person in the exercise of any power of entry conferred by an order under this section shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(9) Proceedings under this section for an offence shall not, in England or Wales, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister or by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions, and shall not, in Northern Ireland, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister, or by the Attorney-General for Northern Ireland.

(10) Where such an offence as aforesaid has been committed by a body corporate, every person who at the time of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence, unless he proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

In this subsection the expression " director " includes any person occupying the position of director, by whatever name called.

25.—(1) The Minister may by order impose such prohibitions or restrictions on the use of any area of land or water as a place for the arrival and departure of civil aircraft as he thinks expedient for the purpose of securing that aircraft may arrive and depart with safety at any aerodrome vested in him or under his control:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise the imposition of any such prohibition or restriction in relation to tidal waters beyond those of the territorial waters of His Majesty’s dominions which are adjacent to the United Kingdom.

(2) The provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to any order made under this section other than an order for the imposition of prohibitions or restrictions on the use of water; and in the case of an order for the imposition of prohibitions or restrictions on the use of water—

(a) the Minister shall, before making the order, publish notice of his intention to make the order in such

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1009

manner as he thinks best calculated to bring his intention to the notice of persons who will be affected thereby; and

(b) the Minister shall, immediately after the order has been made, publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the district to which the order relates a notice stating that the order has been made and naming a place where a copy of the order may be seen at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice upon any person who in his opinion will be affected thereby.

(3) The provisions of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act and the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to orders under this section:

Provided that where any aerodrome was first established as such after the passing of the Civil Aviation Act, 1946 (that is to say, the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-six), no compensation shall be payable by reason of the imposition under this section of prohibitions or restrictions upon the use of that aerodrome unless it was so established with the consent of the Minister.

(4) Any person who contravenes the provisions of any order under this section shall be liable in respect of each offence—

(a) on summary conviction thereof to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both; and

(b) on conviction thereof on indictment, to a fine not

exceeding one thousand pounds or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding two years or to both.

(5) Any offence against any order under this section committed on tidal waters outside the ordinary jurisdiction of a court of summary jurisdiction may be tried and punished by such a court as if it had been committed in the nearest part of the United Kingdom which is within the ordinary jurisdiction of such a court:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall in its application to Scotland be construed as conferring jurisdiction on any court of summary jurisdiction other than the sheriff court.

(6) Proceedings for an offence against any order under this section shall not, in England or Wales be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister or by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions, and shall not, in Northern Ireland be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister, or by the Attorney-General for Northern Ireland.

2 L *

Part in

—cont.

1010

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III

—cont.

Power to exercise control over land in the interests of civil aviation.

(7) Where such an offence as aforesaid has been committed by a body corporate, every person who at the time of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence, unless he proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

In this subsection the expression "director" includes any person occupying the position of director, by whatever name called.

(8) In this section the expression " aerodrome " includes part of an aerodrome.

26.—(1) The Minister may, if he is satisfied that it is necessary so to do in order to secure the safe and efficient use for civil aviation purposes of any land, structures, works or apparatus vested in him, or which he proposes to acquire or instal, by order declare that any area of land specified in the order shall be subject to control by directions given in accordance with the provisions of this section.

(2) Where any such order is in force, the Minister may, in pursuance of any general or special authority given by the order, give directions—

(a) for requiring the total or partial demolition of any

building or structure within the area to which the order relates;

(b) for restricting the height of trees upon any land within

the area, or for requiring any tree upon any such land to be cut down or reduced in height;

(c) for extinguishing any private right of way over land

within the area;

(d) for restricting the installation of cables, mains, pipes, wires or other apparatus upon, across, under or over any land within the area;

(e) for extinguishing, at the expiration of such period as

may be determined by the directions, any subsisting right of installing or maintaining any such apparatus as aforesaid upon, across, under or over any land within the area;

(f) for requiring that, before the expiration of such period

as may be determined by the directions, any such apparatus shall be removed from any land within the area.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

(3) Any such order may contain such consequential, incidental and supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order, including, in particular, provisions for empowering any person authorised in that behalf by the Minister, to remove, pull down, cut down, or alter so as to bring into conformity with the requirements of any directions given under the order, any building, structure, tree or apparatus which contravenes those requirements.

(4) Any such order, other than an order relating to land in Northern Ireland, shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(5) Before making any order under this section, the Minister shall consult every local authority within the area of which the whole or any part of the area of land to which the proposed order will relate is situated.

Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of section two of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, the duty of the Minister to comply with the requirements of thi§ subsection in relation to England or Wales shall not excuse him from the duty of complying with the requirements of the First Schedule to that Act.

(6) Subject to the special provisions of this Part of this Act relating to statutory undertakers, the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to directions given under an order made under this section.

(7) The powers of the Minister under this section shall not prejudice his power to acquire land for the purpose of securing the observance of any requirement or restriction which might have been imposed in relation to the land under this section.

27.—(1) If the Minister is satisfied, with respect to any building, structure or erection in the vicinity of an aerodrome to which this section applies that, in order to avoid danger to aircraft flying in that vicinity in darkness or conditions of poor visibility, provision ought to be made (whether by lighting or otherwise) for giving to such aircraft warning of the presence of that building, structure or erection, he may by order authorise (subject to any conditions specified in the order) the proprietor of the aerodrome, and any person acting under the proprietor’s instructions,—

(a) to execute, instal, maintain, operate, and, as occasion requires, to repair and alter, such works and apparatus as may be necessary for enabling such warning to be given in the manner specified in the order, and

2L 2

ion

Part III

—cont.

Indication of presence of obstructions near licensed aerodromes.

1012

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III

—cont.

(b) so far as may be necessary for exercising any of the powers conferred by the order to enter upon and pass over (with or without vehicles) any such land as may be specified in the order:

Provided that no such order shall be made in relation to any building, structure or erection if it appears to the Minister that there have been made, and are being carried out, satisfactory arrangements for the giving of such warning as aforesaid of the presence of the building, structure or erection.

(2) The Minister shall, before making any such order as aforesaid, cause to be published, in such manner as he thinks best for informing persons concerned, notice of the proposal to make the order and of the place where copies of the draft order may be obtained free of charge, and take into consideration any representations with respect to the order which may, within such period not being less than two months after the publication of the notice as may be specified therein, be made to him by any person appearing to him to have an interest in any land which would be affected by the order; and at the end of that period the order may, subject to the provisions of this section, be made with such modifications (if any) of the original draft as the Minister thinks proper.

(3) Every such order as aforesaid shall provide—

(a) that, except in a case of emergency, no works shall be executed on any land in pursuance of the order, unless, at least fourteen days previously, the proprietor of the aerodrome to which the order relates has served in the manner prescribed by the order on the occupier of that land, and on every other person known by the proprietor to have an interest therein, a written notice containing such particulars of the nature of the proposed works, and the manner in which and the time at which it is proposed to execute them, as may be prescribed by or in accordance with the order; and

(b) that if, within fourteen days after service of the said notice on any person having such an interest, the proprietor of the aerodrome receives a written intimation of objection on the part of that person to the proposals contained in the notice, being an intimation which specifies the grounds of objection, then, unless and except in so far as the objection is withdrawn, no steps shall be taken in pursuance of the notice without the specific sanction of the Minister;

and shall also provide for requiring the proprietor of the aerodrome to which the order relates to pay to any person having an interest in any land affected by the order such compensation

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1013

for any loss or damage which that person may suffer in consequence of the order as may, in default of agreement, be determined from time to time by a single arbitrator appointed by the Lord Chief Justice; and, for the purposes of this subsection, any expense reasonably incurred in connection with the lawful removal of any apparatus installed in pursuance of such an order, and so much of any expense incurred in connection with the repair, alteration, demolition or removal of any building, structure or erection to which such an order relates as is attributable to the operation of the order, shall be deemed to be loss or damage suffered in consequence of the order.

(4) The ownership of anything shall not be taken to be affected by reason only that it is placed in, or affixed to, any land in pursuance of such an order as aforesaid; and (subject to the provisions of the next following subsection) so long as any such order in respect of an aerodrome is in force, no person shall, except with the consent of the proprietor of the aerodrome, wilfully interfere with any works or things which, to the knowledge of that person, are works or things executed or placed, in, on or over any land in pursuance of the order.

If any person contravenes the foregoing provisions of this subsection, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to both; and every person who wilfully obstructs a person in the exercise of any of the powers conferred by such an order as aforesaid shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(5) Nothing in this section shall operate, in relation to any building, structure or erection, so as to restrict the doing of any work for the purpose of repairing, altering, demolishing or removing the building, structure or erection:

Provided that—

(a) notice of the doing of that work is given as soon as may

be to the proprietor of the aerodrome; and

(b) the giving of warning of the presence of the building,

structure or erection m the manner provided by any order under this section in force in relation thereto is not interrupted.

(6) The following provisions shall have effect for the protection of statutory undertakers: —

(a) any order made under this section affecting any pro-

perty held by such undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking shall be so framed as to avoid interference with the proper carrying on of the undertaking;

(b) no person shall, except in a case of emergency, enter,

in pursuance of such an order, upon any land held by

Part III

—cont.

1014

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

such undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking, unless he has given to the undertakers at least three clear days’ notice of his intention so to do, and any person so entering on any such land shall comply with any reasonable directions given to him by or on behalf of the undertakers for preventing interference with the proper carrying on of the undertaking;

(c) if any such undertakers show that, by reason of the operation of such an order, they have been obliged to take special measures for the purpose of ensuring the safety of persons so entering on any such land or otherwise acting under the order in relation to any property of the undertakers, the amount of any expenses reasonably incurred by the undertakers in taking such measures shall be paid to them by the proprietor of the aerodrome to which the order relates, and any dispute as to whether any sum is payable under this paragraph, or as to the amount of any sum so payable, shall, unless the parties otherwise agree, be referred for determination to a single arbitrator appointed by the Lord Chief Justice.

Nothing in this subsection shall be taken to affect the general application of subsection (3) of this section.

(7) In this section—

(a) the expression " aerodrome to which this section

applies" means any premises which, by virtue of an Order in Council made under section eight of this Act, are for the time being licensed as an aerodrome for public use, but does not include any premises belonging to the Secretary of State or the Minister; and

(b) the expression " proprietor of the aerodrome " means,

in relation to any premises used or appropriated for use as an aerodrome, the person carrying on or entitled to carry on the business of an aerodrome in those premises.

(8) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

Power of 28.—(1) The Minister of Transport may, if he is satisfied that

lSisi>ortto *s necessary so to do in order to secure the safe and efficient use Stop up and for civil aviation purposes, including the testing of aircraft divert designed for civil aviation, of any land vested in the Minister

highways, etc., of Civil Aviation or the Minister of Supply, or of any land in the interests which the Minister of Civil Aviation or the Minister of Supply aviation proposes to acquire, by order authorise the stopping up or diversion of any highway.

Part 111

—cont.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

(2) An order under subsection (1) of this section may provide for all or any of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) for securing the provision or improvement of any high-

way so far as the Minister of Transport thinks such provision or improvement necessary or desirable in consequence of any such stopping up or diversion as aforesaid;

(b) for directing that any highway to be provided or

improved in pursuance of the order shall be repairable by the inhabitants at large, and for specifying the authority which is to be the highway authority therefor;

(c) for directing that any highway to be provided or

improved in consequence of the stopping up or diversion of a trunk road under the order shall itself be a trunk road for all or any of the purposes of the enactments relating to trunk roads;

(d) for the retention or removal of any cables, mains, pipes,

wires or similar apparatus placed along, across, over or under any highway stopped up or diverted under the order, and for the extinguishment, modification or preservation of any rights as to the use or maintenance of that apparatus;

(e) if any highway is to be provided or improved under the

order, for authorising or requiring the provision of any such apparatus as aforesaid along, across, over or under that highway, in lieu of any apparatus removed from a highway in pursuance of the order, and for conferring rights as to the use or maintenance of apparatus so provided;

(/) for requiring the Minister of Transport or any other specified authority or person—

(i) to pay, or to make contributions in respect of, the cost of doing any work provided for by the order or any increased expenditure to be incurred which is ascribable to the doing of any such work; or

(ii) to repay, or to make contributions in respect of, any compensation paid by the highway authority in respect of restrictions imposed under section one or section two of the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935, as respects any highway stopped up or diverted under the order.

(3) An order under subsection (1) of this section may contain such consequential, incidental and supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister of Transport to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order.

(4) Any such order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

1015

Part HI

—cont.

1016

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III The First Schedule to the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) —cont. Act, 1945 (which sets out the notices to be given and the other requirements to be complied with before an order is made) shall apply in relation to orders made under this section, but shall, as it applies in relation to those orders, have effect as if paragraph 1 of the said Schedule included provisions: —

(a) requiring notice of the order as proposed to be made to be displayed in a prominent position at the ends of so much of any highway as is proposed to be stopped up or diverted under the order;

(b) requiring notice of the order as proposed to be made to be sent to every local authority in whose area any highway to be stopped up or diverted under the order, or any highway to be provided or improved under the order, is or will be situated; and

(c) requiring notice of the order as proposed to be made to be served upon any water, gas or electricity undertakers having any cables, mains, pipes or wires laid along, across, under or over any highway to be stopped up or diverted under the order.

In this subsection the expression " local authority " includes a parish council and the parish meeting of a rural parish not having a separate parish council.

(5) The powers of the Minister of Transport under subsection

(1) of this section shall include power to make an order authorising the stopping up or diversion of any highway which is temporarily stopped up or diverted under any other enactment; and the provisions of this section shall not prejudice any power conferred upon the Minister of Transport by any other enactment to authorise the stopping up or diversion of a highway.

(6) The Minister of Transport may be authorised to purchase land compulsorily for the purpose of providing or improving any highway which is to be provided or improved in pursuance of an order under subsection (1) of this section, or for any other purpose for which land is required in connection with such an order; and, in relation to land in England or Wales, the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, except section two thereof, shall have effect as if, at the end of paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section one thereof, there were inserted the words "or under section twenty-eight of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949 ".

(7) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) for paragraph (b) of subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" (b) for directing that any highway to be provided or improved in pursuance of the order shall

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1017

be maintained and managed by a county or town council and for specifying the council which is to be responsible for such maintenance and management; "

(k) in subsection (4) for the references to the First Schedule to the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, and paragraph 1 thereof there shall be substituted respectively references to section two of that Act as it applies to Scotland and to subsection (1) of that section, and the words from " In this subsection " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

(8) The powers exercisable by the Minister of Transport under this section shall, as regards land in Northern Ireland, be exercisable by the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland; and accordingly the references to the Minister of Transport in this section, shall, in relation to land in Northern Ireland, be construed as references to the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland:

Provided that this section shall, in its application to Northern Ireland as aforesaid, have effect as if—

(a) for the words "repairable by the inhabitants at large "

in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) there were substituted the words "maintainable at the cost of a county or county district as the case may be ";

(b) sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (/) of subsection (2) were omitted;

(c) subsection (4) were omitted;

(d) the following subsection were substituted for subsec-

tion (6)—

" (6) The powers of compulsory acquisition of land exercisable by the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland under subsection (3) of section thirty-four of the Roads Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, shall include the power to acquire lands compulsorily in accordance with the provisions of the said subsection, for the purpose of providing or improving any highway which is to be provided or improved in pursuance of an order under subsection (1) of this section or for any other purpose for which land is required in connection with such an order, and the said Act shall have effect accordingly.

The powers conferred on the said Ministry by this subsection shall be exercisable in relation to any land notwithstanding that such land is the property of a statutory undertaker or is declared by any other enactment to be inalienable "

Part 111

—cont.

1018

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part ill 29.—(1) Where a Minister has. under or in pursuance of this

—corn. Part of this Act, made an order—

Power of entry (a) authorising the compulsory purchase of land;

surveyFPOSeS ° (W providing for the creation in his favour of easements

over land or of other rights in or in relation to land; or

(c) declaring that any area of land shall be subject to control by directions;

or has under consideration the making of any such order, any person authorised in writing by that Minister may at all reasonable times, on producing, if so required, evidence of his authority in that behalf, enter upon any of that land in order to make any survey which the Minister requires to be made for the purpose of any steps to be taken in consequence of the order or, as the case may be, for the purpose of determining whether the order should be made:

Provided that admission shall not, by virtue of this subsection, be demanded as of right to any land which is occupied unless twenty-four hours’ notice of the intended entry has been served on the occupier.

(2) If any person obstructs a person so authorised as aforesaid in the exercise of any power conferred by this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) Proceedings under this section for an offence shall not, in England or Wales, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister or by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions, and shall not, in Northern Ireland, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister, or by the Attorney-General for Northern Ireland.

(4) Where such an offence as aforesaid has been committed by a body corporate, every person who at the time of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence, unless he proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

In this subsection the expression "director" includes any person occupying the position of director, by whatever name called.

(5) Where any land is damaged in the exercisfc of a power of entry conferred in pursuance of an authority given under this section, or in the making of any survey for the purpose of which any such power of entry has been so conferred, the Minister by whom the authority was given shall pay such compensation

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1019

to the persons interested in the land as may be just; and where Part in any dispute arises as to whether compensation is payable under —amt. this subsection, or as to the amount of any such compensation, or as to the persons to whom it is payable, the dispute shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.

30.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the com-Sp0!8? pensation to be paid to a statutory undertaker— relating to

(a) in respect of the compulsory purchase, in pursuance of statutory this Part of this Act, otherwise than under section undertakers, nineteen, of any land held by the undertaker for the purposes of the carrying on of his undertaking;

(b) in respect of the creation, by virtue of an order made

under this Part of this Act, otherwise than under section nineteen, of any easement over any such land or of any other right in or in relation to such land;

(c) in respect of any direction under section twenty-six

of this Act which affects any building, structure or apparatus held or used by him for the purposes of his undertaking, or which affects any of his rights to instal or maintain apparatus for those purposes, or which affects any right of way enjoyed by him for those purposes;

shall in default of agreement be assessed by the arbitration of the tribunal constituted in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the Fourth Schedule to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, and the amount of the compensation shall be an amount calculated in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2 of that Schedule:

Provided that, as respects compensation in respect of a compulsory purchase, if, before the expiration of two months from the date on which notice to treat is served in respect of the interest of the person by whom the statutory undertaking is carried on, that person gives notice in writing to the Minister by whom the order was made that he elects that, as respects all or any of the land comprised in the purchase, the compensation shall be ascertained in accordance with the enactments, other than Rule (5) of the Rules set out in section two of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, which would be applicable apart from the provisions of this subsection, the compensation shall be so ascertained.

(2) The said paragraph 2 shall have effect for the purposes of this section as if, in sub-paragraph (1) thereof, the words "under section twenty-five of this Act " were omitted, as if, at the end of the said! sub-paragraph, there were inserted the following words—

" (e) in the case of compensation in respect of the imposition of a requirement to demolish a building or

1020

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III structure either wholly or in part, any expense reason-

—cont. ably incurred by the person carrying on the undertaking

in complying with the requirement, reduced by the value to that person of any materials derived from the demolished budding or structure, or from the demolished part of the building or structure, as the case may be;"

and as if, in sub-paragraph (4) thereof, any reference to the imposition of a requirement included a reference to anything which may be done by virtue of an order made under this Part of this Act.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section as to the assessment of compensation shall not have effect—

(a) in the case of the compulsory purchase of land, unless

the appropriate Minister has, upon a representation made to him before the expiration of the time within which objections may be made to the compulsory purchase order, certified that the land is in respect of its nature or situation of such a kind that it is comparable less with the generality of land than with land held for the purpose of the carrying on of statutory undertakings;

(b) in the case of the creation of any easement over land

or any other right in or in relation to land, unless t the appropriate Minister has, upon a representation

made to him before the expiration of the time within which objections may be made to the order providing for the creation of that easement or right, certified that the land in question is of such a kind as aforesaid; and

(c) in the case of any direction which affects a building or

structure, unless the appropriate Minister has, upon a representation made to him before the expiration of the time within which an application may be made to the court with respect to the direction in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act, certified that the building or structure is in respect of its nature or situation comparable less with the generality of buildings or structures than with buildings or structures held for the purpose of the carrying on of statutory undertakings.

(4) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act (being provisions substantially corresponding to sections twenty-six and twenty-seven of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944 and to sections twenty-five and twenty-six of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945) shall have effect for the purpose of making any adjustments of the functions of statutory undertakers which may be necessary in consequence of the provisions of this Part of this Act:

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1021

Provided that the references in that Schedule to an order made Part III in pursuance of this Part of this Act shall not include a reference to any order made in pursuance of subsection (2) of section nineteen.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland references to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, shall be substituted for references to the Town and Country Planning Act,

1945, but the references to enactments therein shall be the same except that in subsection (2) of this section for the words "section twenty-five " there shall be substituted the words "section twenty-four

(6) This section shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

31.—U) Where the Minister has acquired land for purposes Displacements connected with the discharge of his functions, or gives a direction from land, in relation to any land under section twenty-six of this Act, and the use of the land by the Minister for those purposes, or, as the case may be, the execution of the direction, will involve the displacement of persons residing in premises on the land, it shall be the duty of the Minister, in so far as there is not other residential accommodation available on reasonable terms to the persons who require it in consequence of the displacement, being residential accommodation suitable to the reasonable requirements of those persons, to secure the provision of such accommodation in advance of the displacement:

Provided that the Minister shall not be required by virtue of this subsection to secure the provision of accommodation in advance of a displacement if he is satisfied that for reasons of exceptional public importance it is essential that the displacement should be effected before such accommodation as aforesaid can be found.

(2) Where upon the determination of any tenancy the Minister is entitled to possession of any building, or any part of a building, then, whatever may be the value or rent of the building or part of a building, the Minister may obtain possession thereof under the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838, as in the cases therein provided for, at any time after the tenancy has expired or has been determined.

(3) The Minister 'may pay: —

ia) to any person who is displaced in order (hat land may be used by the Minister for purposes connected with the discharge of his functions, such reasonable allowance as the Minister thinks fit towards the expenses of that person in removing;

(b) to a person carrying on any business in a building from which he is so displaced, such reasonable allowance (in addition to any allowance paid under the foregoing

1022

Part HI —cont

Consecrated land and burial grounds.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

paragraph) as the Minister thinks fit towards the loss which, in the opinion of the Minister, that person will sustain by reason of the disturbance to his business consequent upon his having to quit the building.

In estimating any such loss as aforesaid the Minister shall have regard to the period for which the premises occupied by the person displaced might reasonably have been expected to be available for the purpose of his business, and to the availability of other premises suitable for that purpose.

(4) Where the Minister of Transport or the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland acquires land in pursuance of this Part of this Act, the provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to that land as if the references therein to the Minister were references to the Minister of Transport or the said Ministry, as the case may be, and as if the references therein to purposes connected with the discharge of the functions of the Minister were references to the purposes for which the land is so acquired by the Minister of Transport or the said Ministry, as the case may be.

(5) In the application of subsection (2) of this section to Scotland, for the words from " whatever ", to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words "at any time after the tenancy has expired or has been determined, the Minister may serve notice on the occupier of the building or part of the building requiring him to remove therefrom within a period of twenty-one days; and on the expiry of that period a certified copy of the notice to remove shall be sufficient warrant for ejection against the occupier or any party in his right in the event of non-compliance with the notice".

(6) In the application of subsection (2) of this section to Northern Ireland, the reference to the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838, shall be construed as a reference to Part IV of the Summary Jurisdiction and Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland), 1935.

32.—(1) Section twenty-eight of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, and section twenty-seven of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945 (which relate to consecrated land and burial grounds) shall, as respectively amended by the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, have effect in relation to any land acquired by the Minister as if the Minister had acquired that land under Part IV or Part III of the said Acts of 1947, as the case may be:

Provided that the power of making regulations for the purposes of the said sections as applied by this section shall be exercisable by the Minister, and accordingly the references in subsection (3) of the said section twenty-eight to " the Minister "

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1023

and the references in subsection (2) of the said section twenty-seven to the Secretary of State shall be construed as including references to the Minister of Civil Aviation.

(2) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made by the Minister by virtue of this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) When land has been acquired by the Minister of Transport in pursuance of this Part of this Act, the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as if the land had been acquired by the Minister of Civil Aviation, but with the substitution of references to the Minister of Transport for references to the Minister of Civil Aviation.

(4) This section shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

33.—(1) As soon as may be after any of the following instruments, that is to say—

(a) an order under section twenty-four of this Act;

(b) an order under section twenty-five of this Act, other than an order for the imposition of prohibitions or restrictions on the use of water; or

(c) an order under section twenty-six of this Act or any direction given under such an order;

becomes operative, it shall be registered in the prescribed manner in the register of local land charges by the proper officer of any local authority in whose area the land to which the instrument relates, or any part of that land, is situated.

In this subsection the expression " local authority" means the council of a county and the council of a county borough.

(2) As soon as may be after such an instrument has become operative it shall be the duty of the Minister to notify that fact to the proper officer of the local authority by whom the instrument is required to be registered as aforesaid, and to furnish to him all necessary information relating to the instrument.

(3) The power conferred by subsection (6) of section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925, to make rules for giving effect to the provisions of that section shall be exercisable for giving effect to the provisions of this section, and in this section the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by rules made in the exercise of that power.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply in Scotland, but where any such instrument as is mentioned in subsection (1) becomes operative, it shall be recorded in the appropriate register of sasines, and on being so recorded shall be enforceable against any person having or subsequently acquiring any estate or interest in the land to which the order or direction relates.

Part III

—con/.

Registration of certain orders in the' register of local land charges.

1024

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III —cont.

Notices.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to Northern Ireland but where any such instrument as is mentioned in subsection (1) adversely affects land in Northern Ireland, then—

(a) if the land is registered land to which the Local Regis-

tration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891, applies, the instrument on the lodgment by the Minister of a copy thereof with the Registrar of Titles shall, notwithstanding anything in the said Act or rules made thereunder be registered as a burden affecting the land and created after the first registration of the land, and may be so registered without the concurrence of the registered owner of the land or the production of the land certificate, without prejudice, however, to the power of the registering authority to order the production of the land certificate under subsection (2) of section eighty-one of the said Act; and

(b) if the land is not registered land to which the said Act

applies, the instrument shall, on lodgment by the Minister of a copy thereof with the Registrar of Deeds for Northern Ireland, be registered in the Registry of Deeds, Northern Ireland, as an instrument affecting the lands to which the instrument relates.

34.—(1) Any notice required to be served on any person for the purposes of this Part of this Act may be served on him either by delivering it to him, or by leaving it at his proper address, or by post, so however that the notice shall not be duly served by post unless it is sent by registered letter.

(2) Any such notice required to be served upon an incorporated company or body shall be duly served if it is served on the secretary or clerk of the company or body.

(3) For the purposes of this section and of section twenty-six of the Interpretation Act, 1889, the proper address of any person upon whom any such notice as aforesaid is to be served shall, in the case of the secretary or clerk of any incorporated company or body, be that of the registered or principal office of the company or body, and in any other case be the last known address of the person to be served:

Provided that where the person to be served has furnished an address for service, his proper address for the purposes aforesaid shall be the address furnished.

(4) If it is not practicable after reasonable inquiry to ascertain the name or address of any owner, lessee or occupier of land on whom any such notice as aforesaid is to be served, the notice may be served by addressing it to him by the description of " owner," " lessee " or " occupier " of the land (describing it)

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

to which the notice relates, and by delivering it to some person on the premises, or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it can be delivered, by affixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

(5) In the application of this Part of this Act to Scotland, any provision therein requiring notice to be served on the owners, lessees, or occupiers of any land shall be deemed to be complied with if notice is served on all the persons appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in the land, and any reference in this Part of this Act to owners, lessees, or occupiers shall be construed accordingly.

Service of a notice on a person so appearing to have an interest may be effected by sending the notice in a registered letter addressed to him at his address as entered in the valuation roll.

35. —(1) Stamp duty shall not be payable on any conveyance Exemptions of land, or on any instrument creating or disposing of any right from stamp in or in relation to land, being a conveyance or instrument to duty* which the Minister of Civil Aviation is a party, if the Minister

of Civil Aviation certifies that the duty would fall to be defrayed as part of his expenses.

(2) Stamp duty shall not be payable on any conveyance of land to which the Minister of Transport or the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland is a party, if the Minister of Transport or that Ministry, as the case may be, certifies that the conveyance is made for the purpose of this Part of this Act, and that the duty would fall to be defrayed as part of his expenses.

(3) For the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920 (which relates to the power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws) the foregoing provisions of this section shall be deemed to be provisions of an Act passed before the appointed day.

36. —(1) The Minister shall by regulations provide for securing Compensation that where after the passing of the Civil Aviation Act, 1946, he of officers, acquires an aerodrome the following persons that is to say—

(a) any person who immediately before the acquisition was

employed by the aerodrome undertaking in full-time service wholly or mainly connected with the maintenance or use of the aerodrome; and

(b) any person who, having been employed by the aerodrome

undertaking before die acquisition in such service as is mentioned in the preceding paragraph, would have been within that paragraph but for any war service in which he has been engaged;

shall, in such cases, to such extent and subject to such conditions as the Minister thinks proper, be entitled to receive compensation

1025

Part 111 —cont.

1026

Part III —coni.

Power to appoint special constables.

Trespassing

licensed

aerodromes.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

from the Minister for damage sustained by them in respect of their employment or their opportunities of re-employment, being damage attributable to the acquisition of the aerodrome.

(2) Regulations made under this section may include such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions, including provisions with respect to the procedure for determining questions, as the Minister thinks expedient for the purposes of the regulations.

(3) No regulations shall be made under this section unless a draft of the instrument containing the regulations has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

(4) In this section the expression " war service" means service in any of His Majesty’s forces and such other employment as may be prescribed by regulations made under this section.

Supplemental

37. —(1) Any two justices of the peace may appoint such persons as may be nominated for the purpose by the Minister to be special constables on any premises for the time being vested in the Minister or under his control.

(2) Every person so appointed shall be sworn in by the justices duly to execute the office of a constable on the premises aforesaid, and when so sworn in shall, on those premises, have the powers and privileges and be liable to the duties and responsibilities of a constable.

(3) Special constables appointed under this section shall be under the exclusive control of the Minister, and the Minister shall have power to suspend or terminate the appointment of any such special constable.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, references to two justices of the peace shall be construed as references to the magistrates of a burgh or to the council of a county, as the case may be, and references to swearing in shall be construed as references to making a declaration in the form and manner prescribed in section seventy-nine of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, and section eleven of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1857, respectively.

38. —(1) If any person trespasses on any land forming part of an aerodrome licensed in pursuance of an Order in Council under section eight of this Act, he shall be liable, on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds:

Provided that no person shall be liable to any penalty under this section unless it is proved that, at the material time, notices warning trespassers of their liability under this section were

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

posted so as to be readily seen and read by members of the public, in such positions on or near the boundary of the aerodrome as appear to the court to be proper.

(2) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

39.—(1) Any expenses incurred by the Minister of Transport Expenses of or the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland in consequence Part IIT* of the passing of this Part of this Act shall, to such extent as the Treasury may direct, be defrayed by the Minister of Civil Aviation or by the Minister of Supply.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the Minister of Supply by reason of any such direction as aforesaid shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(3) Except in so far as any expenses incurred by the Minister of Transport in consequence of the passing of this Part of this Act fall, by virtue of any such direction as aforesaid, to be defrayed by the Minister of Civil Aviation or the Minister of Supply, or fall to be defrayed out of the Road Fund under any other Act, they shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any such increase in the sums payable into the Road Fund out of moneys so provided as is attributable to the passing of this Part of this Act.

(5) Any expenses incurred by the Minister, the Minister of Health or the Secretary of State in consequence of the passing of this Part of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

1027

Part III

—cont.

Part IV

Liability for Damage, etc., caused by Aircraft

49.—(1) No action shall lie in respect of trespass or in respect Liability of of nuisance, by reason only of the flight of an aircraft over any of property at a height above the ground, which, having regard trespass, to wind, weather and all the circumstances of the case is reason- nuisance and able, or the ordinary incidents of such flight so long as the surface provisions of Part II and this Part of this Act and any Order damage' in Council or order made under Part II or this Part of this Act are duly complied with.

(2) Where material loss or damage is caused to any person or property on land or water by, or by a person in, or an article or person falling from, an aircraft while in flight, taking off or

1028

Part IV —cont.

Nuisance caused by aircraft on aerodromes,

Limitation of liability.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

landing, then unless the loss or damage was caused or contributed to by the negligence of the person by whom it was suffered, damages in respect of the loss or damage shall be recoverable without proof of negligence or intention or other cause of action, as if the loss or damage had been caused by the wilful act, neglect, or default of the owner of the aircraft:

Provided that where material loss or damage is caused as aforesaid in circumstances in which—

(a) damages are recoverable in respect of the said loss or

damage by virtue only of the foregoing provisions of this subsection; and

(b) a legal liability is created in some person other than the owner to pay damages in respect of the said loss or damage;

the owner shall be entitled to be indemnified by that other person against any claim in respect of the said loss or damage.

41. —(1) An Order in Council under section eight of this Act may provide for regulating the conditions under which noise and vibration may be caused by aircraft on aerodromes and may provide that subsection (2) of this section shall apply to any aerodrome as respects which provision as to noise and vibration caused by aircraft is so made.

(2) No action shall lie in respect of nuisance by reason only of the noise and vibration caused by aircraft on an aerodrome to which this subsection applies by virtue of an Order in Council under section eight of this Act, as long as the provisions of any such Order in Council are duly complied with.

42. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, where a person or his estate is liable to pay damages by reason of loss or damage which, after the appointed day, is caused on any one occasion to persons or property on land or water by, or by a person in, or an article or person falling from, an aircraft while in flight, taking off or landing, his or, as the case may be, his estate’s total liability to pay damages by reason of the loss or damage shall be limited in accordance with the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act;

Provided that a person or, as the case may be, his estate shall not be entitled to the benefit of this section in relation to any such loss or damage as aforesaid in any case in which it is proved that the loss or damage is attributable to his wilful misconduct or to wilful misconduct on the part of any of his servants or agents, unless (in a case where the loss or damage is attributable to wilful misconduct on the part of any of his servants or agents) it is proved that the loss or damage occurred without his actual fault or privity.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1029

(2) Any reference in this Act to the total limit of liability appropriate to an aircraft shall be construed as a reference to the total amount to which a person could, in the circumstances mentioned in the fofegoing subsection, limit his liability to pay damages in respect of loss or damage caused on any one occasion by that aircraft, whether to persons or to property; and any reference in this Act to the limit of liability for property claims appropriate to an aircraft shall be construed as a reference to the amount to which a person could, in such circumstances, limit his liability to pay damages in respect of loss or damage caused on any one occasion by that aircraft, if that loss or damage were only loss of, or damage to, property.

(3) Without prejudice to the operation of the next following section, a person or, as the case may be, his estate shall not be entitled* to the benefit of this section in relation to any loss or damage, if, at the time of the happening of the event which was the cause of the loss or damage, he was not the owner of the aircraft concerned and was in, or in possession or control of, the aircraft without the authority or permission of the owner thereof.

(4) Where any person or the estate of any person is alleged to be under any liability in respect of such loss or damage as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and several claims for damages are made or apprehended in respect of that liability, the said person or his personal representative, as the case may be, may make application to the High Court, and thereupon the court may assess the liability to pay damages, and determine whether, and, if so, to what amount, it can be limited under this section, dealing separately, if need be, with such of the claims as are in respect of loss of or damage to property, and, if the liability can be so limited, may distribute the amount thereof among the several claims on the following principles:—

(a) if the claims are solely in respect of loss of life or

personal injury or solely in respect of loss of, or damage to, property, the amount of the liability shall be distributed rateably;

(b) if there are claims both in respect of loss of life or

personal injury and in respect of loss of, or damage to, property, one-half of the total limit of liability appropriate to the aircraft concerned shall be appropriated, so far as necessary, to meeting claims for loss of life or personal injury and shall be distributed rateably among them, and the other half shall be distributed rateably among all the claims, including claims in respect of loss of life or personal injury if and so far as they exceed the aforesaid appropriation.

Part IV

—cont.

1030

Part IV

—cont.

Compulsory

third-party

insurance.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act; 1949

(5) Where an application is made to the court under the last foregoing subsection, the court may stay any proceedings pending in any other court in relation to the same matter, and may give such directions as the court thinks proper for the joining of persons interested as parties to the proceedings, for the exclusion of claims which are not brought before the court within a certain time, and for requiring security from the person by whom the application to the court was made.

(6) Nothing in this or the last but one foregoing section shall affect the operation of the Carriage by Air Act, 1932, or any contract for the carriage of passengers or goods by air in so far as the contract provides for determining or limiting the liability of the carrier thereunder.

43.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person shall not fly, or cause or permit any other person to fly, an aircraft, unless there is in force in relation to the flying of the aircraft by that person or that other person, as the case may be,—

(a) a policy of insurance issued by an authorised insurer

which, subject to any restrictions or conditions specified therein, insures the owner of the aircraft against all liability which he may incur in respect of loss or damage caused to persons or property on land or water by, or by any person in, or any article or person falling from, the aircraft while in flight, taking off or landing, or

(b) a security given by an authorised giver of securities,

being a security which consists of an undertaking by the giver of the security to make good, subject to any restrictions or conditions specified therein, any failure by the owner of the aircraft to discharge any such liability as aforesaid;

and a person or, as the case may be, his estate shall not be entitled to the benefit of the last foregoing section in relation to any claim made in respect of such loss or damage as aforesaid, unless it is proved that such a policy or security as aforesaid was in force in relation to the flying of the aircraft concerned at the time of the happening of the event which was the cause of the loss or damage giving rise to the claim, or, if the claim is made against the person who at that time was the owner of the aircraft or against his estate, that the aircraft was then in the possession or control of some other person without the authority or permission of the owner.

(2) If any person contravenes this section, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1031

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to an aircraft of which, at the material time, the owner is a local authority, a police authority or the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, or which, at that time, is being used for police purposes by, or under the direction of, a police officer or by a person employed by a police authority or employed by the said receiver, and shall not apply to any aircraft if and so long as the owner thereof has deposited, and keeps deposited, with the Accountant-General of the Supreme Court of Judicature in England, for and on behalf of that court, an amount at least equal to the total limit of liability appropriate to that aircraft or, where he is the owner of three or more aircraft, an amount at least equal to the aggregate of the two greatest of the total limits of liability appropriate to those aircraft respectively.

(4) For the purpose of this section except as it applies in Northern Ireland any person or body of persons carrying on in Great Britain marine, aviation and transit insurance business shall be an authorised insurer:

Provided that—

(a) an assurance company which, immediately before the

twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-five, was carrying on in Great Britain assurance business of any class to which the Assurance Companies Act, 1909, applies in compliance with such of the provisions of that Act as then applied to the company and to that class of business; and

(b) an association as respects which an order is for the time

being in force under paragraph 3 of Part III of the Second Schedule to the Assurance Companies Act, 1946,

shall not for that purpose be an authorised insurer, unless it is a body corporate having a paid up share capital of not less than fifty thousand pounds (as required by section two of the said Act of 1946).

For the purposes of paragraph 1 of Part V of the said Second Schedule (which authorises the Board of Trade by regulations to adapt references in that Schedule to the said limit of fifty thousand pounds) the proviso to this subsection shall be treated as if contained in that Schedule.

(5) For the purpose of this section as it applies in Northern Ireland any person or body of persons carrying on in the United Kingdom marine, aviation and transit insurance business shall be an authorised insurer:

Provided that—

(a) an insurance company which, immediately before the first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-six.

Part IV

—cont.

1032

Part IV

—cont.

Certificates of insurance or security.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

was carrying on in the United Kingdom assurance business of any class to which the Assurance Companies Act, 1909, applies in compliance with such of the provisions of that Act as then applied to the company and to that class of business; and

(6) an association as respects which an order is for the time being in force under paragraph 3 of Part III of the Second Schedule to the Assurance Companies Act (Northern Ireland), 1947,

shall not for that purpose be an authorised insurer unless it is a body corporate having a paid-up share capital of not less than fifty thousand pounds (as required by section two of the said Act of 1947).

For the purposes of paragraph 1 of Part V of the said Second Schedule (which authorises the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland by regulations to adapt references in that Schedule to the said limit of fifty thousand pounds) the proviso to this subsection shall be treated as if contained in that Schedule.

No limitation on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland contained in the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, shall preclude that Parliament from amending or repealing the provisions of this subsection.

(6) In this section: —

(a) the expression "authorised giver of securities" means

either an authorised insurer or a body of persons which carries on in the United Kingdom the business of giving securities of the kind required by this Part of this Act, and which has deposited and keeps deposited with the Accountant-General of the Supreme Court of Judicature in England, for and on behalf of that Court, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds in respect of that business; and

(b) the expression " local authority " except in relation to

Scotland means the council of a county, county borough, metropolitan borough or county district, the common council of the City of London, or any joint board or joint committee which is so constituted as to include among its members representatives of any such council and in relation to Scotland means any county, town or district council, or any joint committee which is so constituted as to include among its members representatives of any such council.

44. A policy of insurance or a security shall be of no effect for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, unless and until there is delivered by the insurer to the person by whom the policy is effected, or by the giver of the

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1033

security to the person to whom it is given, a certificate in such Part IV form, and containing such particulars with respect to the policy —cont. or security, as may be prescribed by the Minister, and any such certificate relating to a policy or certificate relating to a security is hereafter in this Act referred to as a "certificate of insurance " or " certificate of security," as the case may be.

45. The provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act (being Rights under provisions which, subject to certain adaptations, modifications policies, etc. and exceptions, correspond with the provisions of the Road

Traffic Acts, 1930 and 1934, referred to in the margin of the said Schedule) shall have effect in relation to policies of insurance, securities and deposits required for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act.

46. —(1) If any person, with intent to obtain for himself or Offences in any other person such a policy of insurance or such a security connection as is required by this Part of this Act, fails to disclose a fact P°Ucies» which he knows to be a material fact, or makes a representation

of fact which he knows to be false in a material particular, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to both.

(2) If any person issues a certificate of insurance or certificate of security which is to his knowledge false in any material particular, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to both.

47. Except in so far as the Parliament of Northern Ireland Survival of may otherwise enact, the provisions contained in the Seventh causes of Schedule to this Act (which, subject to certain adaptations, modi- in fications and exceptions, correspond with provisions of the Law Ireland!11 Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934, relating to the survival of causes of action) shall have effect in Northern Ireland with respect to causes of action in respect of loss or damage which after the appointed day is caused to persons or property on land or water by, or by persons in, or articles or persons foiling from, aircraft while in flight, taking off or landing.

48.—(1) Whereas a Convention for the unification of certain Power to give rules relating to damage caused by aircraft to third parties on effect to.Romc the surface was, on the twenty-ninth day of May, nineteen Convention, hundred and thirty-three, signed in Rome on behalf of His Majesty, and a copy of that Convention has been laid before each House of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that provision should be made for giving effect to the said Convention:

2 M

1034

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part IV Now, therefore. His Majesty may, if it appears to His Majesty —cont. in Council to be necessary or expedient so to do for the purpose of giving effect to the said Convention, make an Order in Council—

(a) directing—

(i) that the provisions set out in the Order shall, in relation to aircraft registered in any such country other than the United Kingdom as may be specified in the Order, have effect in lieu of the provisions of this Part of this Act, save section forty-one; or

(ii) that all or any of the said provisions shall, in relation to such aircraft as aforesaid, have effect subject to such modifications, adaptations and exceptions as may be specified in the Order;

(b) making such provision as appears to His Majesty in

Council to be required for securing that an aircraft registered in the United Kingdom shall not leave the United Kingdom on a flight to or over any such country as aforesaid, unless there is on board the aircraft a certificate relating to a policy of insurance, a security or a deposit of money in respect of the aircraft, being a certificate in such form, and issued by such person, and containing such particulars, as may be prescribed by the Order.

(2) If the Convention recited in the foregoing subsection is amended by any Convention or agreement to which His Majesty or His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom is a party, the said subsection shall have effect as if any reference therein to " the said Convention " were a reference to the first-mentioned Convention as so amended.

Supplemental provisions for Part IV.

49.—(1) In this Part of this Act—

" certificate of insurance " and " certificate of security " have the meanings assigned to them by section forty-four of this Act.

" material ", in relation to any fact or particular, means of such a nature as to influence the judgment of a prudent insurer or giver of securities in determining whether he will take the risk or provide security, and, if so, at what premium or for what consideration, as the case may be, and subject to what restrictions and conditions;

" policy of insurance " includes a covering note.

(2) Where the aircraft concerned has been bona fide demised, let or hired out for any period exceeding fourteen days to any

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1035

other person by the owner thereof, and no pilot, commander, Part IV

navigator or operative member of the crew of the aircraft is in —cont.

the employment of the owner, this Part of this Act shall have effect as if for references therein to the owner there were substituted references to the person to whom the aircraft has been so demised, let or hired out.

(3) Part VI of this Act applies to this Part of this Act.

50. The provisions of sections forty-two to forty-eight of this Commence-Act shall not come into operation until such day as the Minister me"l.of may by order appoint, and references in this Part of this Act to ^visions in the appointed day shall be construed as references to the begin- part IV. ning of the day so appointed.

An order under this section shall be made by statutory instrument.

Part V Miscellaneous

51.—(1) Any services rendered in assisting, or in saving life Application from, or in saving the cargo or apparel of, an aircraft in, on or of ,a^ of over the sea or any tidal water, or on or over the shores of the sea or any tidal water, shall be deemed to be salvage services in aircraft, all cases in which they would have been salvage services if they had been rendered in relation to a vessel; and where salvage services are rendered by an aircraft to any property or person, the owner of the aircraft shall be entitled to the same reward for those services as he would have been entitled to if the aircraft had been a vessel.

The foregoing provisions of this subsection shall have effect notwithstanding that the aircraft concerned is a foreign aircraft, and notwithstanding that the services in question are rendered elsewhere than within the limits of the territorial waters adjacent to any part of His Majesty’s dominions.

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any provisions of any Act for the time being in force which relate to wreck, to salvage of life or property or to the duty of rendering assistance to vessels in distress shall, with such exceptions, adaptations and modifications, if any, as may be specified in the Order, apply in relation to aircraft as those provisions apply in relation to vessels.

(3) For the purposes of this section, any provisions of an Act which relate to vessels laid by or neglected as unfit for sea service shall be deemed to be provisions relating to wreck, and

2 M2

1036

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Guo. 6

Part V

—cont.

Application to seaplanes of regulations as to ships.

the expression " Act " shall be deemed to include any local or special Act and any provisions of the Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, as incorporated with any local or special Act, whenever passed.

(4) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

52.—(1) The power of His Majesty in Council under subsection (1) of section four hundred and eighteen of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, to make regulations for the prevention of collisions at sea shall include power to make regulations for the prevention of collisions at sea—

(a) between seaplanes on the surface of the water, and

(b) between vessels and seaplanes on the surface of the water;

and accordingly the said section and sections four hundred and nineteen, four hundred and twenty-one and four hundred and twenty-four of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall apply in relation to seaplanes on the surface of the water as they apply in relation to ships or vessels, except that—

(i) the reference in subsection (1) of the said section four

hundred and eighteen to the Admiralty and the Minister of Transport shall be construed as including a reference to the Secretary of State and the Minister of Civil Aviation;

(ii) for the purposes of subsection (2) of the said section four hundred and eighteen and for the purposes of the said section four hundred and twenty-four, sections four hundred and eighteeen, four hundred and nineteen, four hundred and twenty-one and four hundred and twenty-four of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall be deemed to be the only provisions of Part V of that Act relating to the collision regulations or otherwise relating to collisions; and

(iii) any reference in the said section four hundred and nineteen to the master or to the person in charge of the deck shall be construed as a reference to the pilot or other person on duty in charge of the seaplane.

In this subsection the expression "vessels" has the same meaning as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

(2) For the purpose of the Dockyard Ports Regulation Act, 1865, seaplanes when on the surface of the water shall be deemed to be vessels:

Provided that the persons on whose recommendation rules under section seven of that Act may be made shall, in the case

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1037

of rules relating to seaplanes, include the Secretary of State and the Minister of Civil Aviation.

(3) Any enactment which confers or imposes on a conservancy or harbour authority any power or duty to make byelaws for the regulation of ships or vessels shall be construed as if the power or duty so conferred or imposed included a power or duty to make byelaws for the regulation of seaplanes when on the surface of the water, and also a power to include in the byelaws provisions authorising the harbour master or other officer of the authority to exercise, as respects seaplanes on the surface of the water, all or any of the functions which he is authorised by the enactment in question to exercise as respects ships or vessels:

Provided that byelaws made by virtue of this subsection shall not in any circumstances require, or authorise a harbour master or other officer to require, the dismantling of a seaplane or any part thereof or the making of any alteration whatever of the structure or equipment of a seaplane.

(4) Where any enactment, whether by virtue of the last foregoing subsection or not, confers or imposes on a conservancy or harbour authority a power or duty to make byelaws for the regulation of seaplanes when on the surface of the water, or to include in the byelaws such provisions as are mentioned in the said subsection, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a) in a case where the enactment provides that the bye-

laws shall not come into force unless they have been confirmed or approved by some Government Department, byelaws made thereunder in relation to seaplanes shall not be confirmed or approved by that Department except after consultation with the Secretary of State and the Minister of Civil Aviation;

(b) in a case where the enactment in question does not

provide as aforesaid, byelaws made thereunder after the end of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-six in relation to seaplanes shall not, except in a case where they are required to be allowed or approved by a court or a judge, come into force unless they have been confirmed by the Minister of Transport after consultation with the Secretary of State and the Minister of Civil Aviation;

(c) in a case where the enactment in question provides that

the byelaws shall not come into force unless they have been allowed or approved by a court or a judge, the conservancy or harbour authority shall, before making application to that court or judge for the allowance of the byelaws, forward a copy thereof to the Secretary of State and the Minister of Civil Aviation, and the court or judge shall, before allowing or approving the

Part V

—cont.

1038

Part V

—CO.

Exemption of aircraft and parts thereof from seizure on patent claims.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 A13 Geo. 6

Act; 1949

byelaws, take into consideration any representations made with respect thereto by or on behalf of the Secretary of State or the Minister of Civil Aviation.

(5) For the purpose of this section—

<i a) the expression " enactment " shall be construed as including any provisional order for the time- being in force (whether or not it has been confirmed by an Act), and the expression " byelaws " shall be construed as including rules and regulations;

(b) the expressions " conservancy authority " and " harbour authority " shall have the meanings respectively assigned to them by section seven hundred and forty-two of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894;

(c) the expression "seaplane" shall be construed as including a flying boat and any other aircraft designed to manoeuvre on the water; and

(d) seaplanes taking off from, or alighting on, the water shall be deemed to be on the surface of the water while in contact therewith.

(6) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

53.—(1) Any lawful entry into the United Kingdom or any lawful transit across the United Kingdom, with or without landings, of an aircraft to which this section applies shall not entail any seizure or detention of the aircraft or any proceedings being brought against the owner or operator thereof or any other interference therewith by or on behalf of any person in the United Kingdom, on the ground that the construction, mechanism, parts, accessories or operation of the aircraft is or are an infringement of any patent, design or model.

(2) The importation into, and storage in, the United Kingdom of spare parts and spare equipment for an aircraft to which this section applies and the use and installation thereof in the repair of such an aircraft shall not entail any seizure or detention of the aircraft or of the spare parts or spare equipment or any proceedings being brought against the owner or operator of the aircraft or the owner of the spare parts or spare equipment or any other interference with the aircraft by or on behalf of any person in the United Kingdom on the ground that the spare parts or spare equipment or their installation are or is an infringement of any patent, design or model:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to any spare parts or spare equipment which are sold or distributed in the United Kingdom or are exported from the United Kingdom for sale or distribution.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act; 1949

(3) This section applies—

(a) to an aircraft, other than an aircraft used in military,

customs or police services, registered in any country or territory in the case of which there is for the time being in force a declaration made by His Majesty by Order in Council, with a view to the fulfilment of the provisions of the Chicago Convention to which this section relates, that the benefits of those provisions apply to that country or territory, and

(b) to such other aircraft as His Majesty may by Order in

Council specify.

t4) The provisions of the Eighth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the detention on patent claims in respect of foreign aircraft other than aircraft to which this section applies.

(5) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

54. For the avoidance of doubt in the construction of the Carriage by Air Act, 1932, whether as forming part of the law of the United Kingdom or as extended to any other country or territory, it is hereby declared that references to agents in the First Schedule to that Act include references to servants.

55. —(1) The Minister may by regulations provide for require-ing such persons as may be specified in the regulations to keep records and make returns to him—

(a) of births and deaths occurring in any part of the world in any aircraft registered in Great Britain and Northern Ireland; and

\b) of the death, outside the United Kingdom, of any person who, being a traveller on such an aircraft, is killed on the journey in consequence of an accident; and for the keeping in his Department of a record of any returns made to him in accordance with any such requirement as aforesaid.

Any person who fails to comply with any such requirement shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) Proceedings for an offence under this section shall not, in England or Wales, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister or by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions, and shall not, in Northern Ireland be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister, or by the Attorney-General for Northern Ireland.

(3) Where such an offence as aforesaid has been committed by a body corporate, every person who at the time of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be

1039

Part V

—cont.

Explanation of Carriage by Air Act, 1932

Recording and registration of births and deaths, etc.

1040

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part V guilty of that offence, unless he proves that the offence was

—cont. committed without his consent or connivance and that he exer-

cised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

In this subsection the expression " director " includes any person occupying the position of director, by whatever name called.

(4) Where any such regulations provide for the keeping of records in the Department of the Minister in accordance with subsection (1) of this section they shall also provide for the transmission of certified copies of those records to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in England, the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland, or the Registrar General for Northern Ireland, as the case may require.

(5) The Registrar General to whom any such certified copies are sent shall cause them to be filed and preserved in a book to be kept by him for the purpose, and to be called the Air Register Book of Births and Deaths.

(6) Regulations made under subsection (1) of this section shall provide for the rectification of any records kept in the Department of the Minister in pursuance of the regulations and for the transmission of certified copies of any corrected entry in the records to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in England, the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland, or the Registrar General for Northern Ireland, as the case may require.

(7) The Registrar General to whom a certified copy of any such corrected entry is sent in accordance with the regulations shall cause the corrected entry to be substituted for the corresponding entry for the time being made in the Air Register Book of Births and Deaths.

(8) The enactments relating to the registration of births and deaths in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland shall have effect as if the Air Register Book of Births and Deaths were a certified copy or duplicate register transmitted to the Registrar General in accordance with those enactments.

(9) The Minister may by regulations provide—

(a) for the keeping in his Department of a record of persons reported to him as missing, being persons with respect to whom there are reasonable grounds for believing that they have died in consequence of an accident to an aircraft registered in Great Britain and Northern Ireland;

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

(6) for the rectification of any such record; and

(c) for the transmission of information as to the matters for the time being entered on the record to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in England, the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland or the Registrar General for Northern Ireland, as the case may require.

56. The Minister may by regulations make provision for Custody and securing the safe custody and re-delivery of any property which,

while not in proper custody, is found on any premises belonging p pe y* to him or under his control, or on any premises occupied by any of the Airways Corporations or in any aircraft on any such premises; and any such regulations may in particular—

(a) provide for requiring charges to be paid in respect of any such property before it is re-delivered; and

(b) provide for authorising the disposal of any such property if it is not re-delivered before the expiration of such period as may be specified in the regulations.

Part VI Supplemental

57. —(1) An Order in Council made under any of the enact- Orders in ments to which this Part of this Act applies or this Part of this CountiJ.

Act may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions

as appear to His Majesty in Council to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the Order and may authorise the Secretary of State or the Minister to make regulations for carrying out the purposes of the Order in respect of such matters as may be specified in the Order.

(2) An Order in Council made under any of the enactments to which this Part of this Act applies or this Part of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament and may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in Council.

(3) Any reference in the enactments to which this Part of this Act applies or this Part of this Act to the provisions of an Order in Council shall include a reference to the provisions of any regulations made, or directions given, under the Order in Council.

58. Any Order in Council, order or regulations made under Detention of any enactment to which this Part of this Act applies or this aircraft.

Part of this Act in relation to aircraft may provide for the detention of aircraft to secure compliance with the Order in Council, order or regulations, as the case may be, or with any enactment to which this Part of this Act applies in connection

2 M *

1041

Part V

—cont.

1042

Part VI —cont.

Extra-

territorial

effect.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

with which the Order in Council, order or regulations is or are made, and may make such further provision as appears to His Majesty in Council or to the Secretary of State or the Minister, as the case may be, to be necessary or expedient for securing such detention.

59,—(1) Notwithstanding that an Order in Council made by virtue of any enactment to which this Part of this Act applies or this Part of this Act or a regulation made by virtue of any such enactment by the Secretary of State or the Minister has effect only as part of the law of the United Kingdom, no provision contained in the Order or regulation shall, on the ground that it would have extra-territorial operation, be deemed to be invalid in so far as it applies to British aircraft registered in the United Kingdom, wherever they may be, or prohibits, requires or regulates—

(a) the doing of anything by persons in, or any of the

personnel of, such British aircraft as aforesaid, whenever they may be, or

(b) the doing of anything in relation to such British aircraft

as aforesaid by other persons being British subjects or citizens of the Republic of Ireland, wherever they may be.

For the purposes of this subsection the personnel of an aircraft shall be deemed to include the commander or other person in charge of the aircraft, and all other members of the crew of the aircraft.

Nothing in this subsection shall affect subsection (1) of section three of the British Nationality Act, 1948 (which limits the criminal liability of certain persons who are not citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies).

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any of the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) any enactment to which this Part of this Act applies; or

(b) any enactment in this Part of this Act; or

(c) any provision of any Order in Council or regulations

made by virtue of any such enactment;

being a provision which has extra-territorial operation in relation to British aircraft registered in the United Kingdom, shall, subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications, if any, as may be specified in the Order made under this subsection, have such operation also in relation to British aircraft registered in any country or territory mentioned in subsection (1) of section sixty-six of this Act or registered in the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1043

60. Any offence under any enactment to which this Part Part VI

of this Act applies or under an Order in Council or regulation —corn.

made under either any such enactment or this Part of this Act Offences, shall, for the purpose of conferring jurisdiction, be deemed to

have been committed in any place where the offender may for the time being be.

61. —(1) Neither this Part of this Act nor any enactment to Savings, which this Part of this Act applies shall apply to aircraft belonging to or exclusively employed in the service of His Majesty:

Provided that His Majesty may, by Order in Council, apply to any such aircraft, with or without modification, any of the said enactments or any Orders in Council, orders or regulations made thereunder.

(2) Nothing in, or in any instrument made under, the enactments to which this Part of this Act applies or this Part of this Act, shall prejudice or affect the rights, powers or privileges of any general or local lighthouse authority.

Part VII General

62. —(1) Any offence whatever committed on a British aircraft Jurisdiction, shall, for the purpose of conferring jurisdiction, be deemed to

have been committed in any place where the offender may for the time being be.

(2) His Majesty may, by Order in Council, make provision as to the courts in which proceedings may be taken for enforcing any claim in respect of aircraft, and in particular may provide for conferring jurisdiction in any such proceedings on any court exercising Admiralty jurisdiction and for applying to such proceedings any rules of practice or procedure applicable to proceedings in Admiralty.

(3) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

63. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise re- Interpretation, quires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to diem, that is to say—

" aerodrome" means any area of land or water designed, equipped, set apart or commonly used for affording facilities for the landing and departure of aircraft;

" air transport service" means a service for the carriage by air of passengers, mails or other freight;

2 M* 2

J044

Part VII

—cont.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

" Airways Corporations" means the British Overseas Airways Corporation, the British European Airways Corporation, and the British South American Airways Corporation;

" appropriate Minister " means, in relation to the undertakings indicated in paragraph (a) of the definition of statutory undertakers below, the Minister of Transport, in relation to those indicated in paragraph ( thereof, the Minister of Fuel and Power (but in relation to the undertaking of the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board, the Secretary of State) and in relation to those indicated in paragraph (c) thereof the Minister of Health except in Scotland and in Scotland the Secretary of State;

" land " includes any estate or other interest in land and any easement, but this definition shall not affect the construction of the provisions of sections nineteen and twenty-three of this Act as to the acquisition of land;

" local authority " means, except in relation to Scotland, the council of a county, county borough, metropolitan borough or county district, or the Common Council of the City of London and, in relation to Scotland, any county or town council;

"Minister" means the Minister of Civil Aviation;

" owner ",—

(a) in relation to any land in England or Wales means a person, other than a mortgagee not in possession, who is for the time being entitled to dispose of the fee simple of the land, whether in possession or in reversion, and includes also a person holding or entitled to the rents and profits under a lease or agreement, the unexpired term whereof exceeds three years,

(b) in relation to any land in Scotland or Northern Ireland, includes any person who under the Lands Clauses Acts would be enabled to sell and convey the land to the promoters of an undertaking and includes also a lessee under a lease the unexpired period of which exceeds three years;

" purposes of civil aviation " includes all purposes connected with air navigation except purposes of defence of the realm by air and the expression "defence of the realm «by air" includes the Air Force and the administration of all matters relating thereto;

"statutory undertaker" means any person (including a local authority) authorised by any Act (whether public, general or local), or by any order or scheme made

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1045

under or confirmed by any Act, to construct, work Part Vlt or carry on— —coni.

(a) any railway, light railway, tramway, road transport, water transport, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, pier or lighthouse undertaking; or

(b) any undertaking for the supply of electricity, gas or hydraulic power; or

(c) any undertaking for the supply of water;

and the expression "statutory undertaking" shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Any reference in this Act to the carrying out of works on land shall be construed as including a reference to the making of excavations on the land or to the carrying out of levelling operations on the land, and references to the maintenance of works or to interference with works shall be construed accordingly.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that in this Act the expression " loss or damage " includes in relation to persons, loss of life and personal injury.

(4) Any reference in this Act to goods or articles shall be construed as including a reference to mails or animals.

(5) Any reference in this Act to any country or territory shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as including a reference to the territorial waters, if any, adjacent to that country or territory.

(6) Any power conferred by this Act shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any other power so conferred.

(7) Any power conferred by this Act to make rules or regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(8) Any power conferred by this Act to make any Order in Council or order shall be construed as including a power exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions, if any, to vary or revoke the Order in Council or order.

(9) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, be taken as referring to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment.

64.—(1) The provisions of this section shall, in addition to General any express provisions for the application to Scotland of any application to provision of this Act, have effect for the general application of ScoUand-this Act to Scotland.

(2) Any reference to the High Court shall be construed as a reference to the Court of Session, and any reference to the Lord Chief Justice shall be construed as a reference to the Lord President of the Court of Session.

1046

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part VII (3) Any reference to the Lands Tribunal shall be construed

—cont. as a reference to the Lands Tribunal for Scotland.

(4) The expression " stay " shall mean " sist ", the expression " requiring security from " shall mean " requiring caution to be found by ", the expression " arbitrator " shall mean " arbiter ", and the expression " plaintiff " shall mean " pursuer ".

(5) For any reference to an easement there shall be substituted a reference to a servitude.

(6) Any inquiry in relation to an order, which by virtue of any provision of this Act is subject to special parliamentary procedure, shall, if the Minister so directs, be held by Commissioners under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936, and where any direction has been so given—

(a) it shall be deemed to have been so given under section two as read with section ten of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, and

(b) nothing in section fifty of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945, as applied under paragraph 4 or paragraph 8 of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall apply to such inquiry.

General application to Northern Ireland.

65.—(1) The following provisions shall, in addition to any express provision for the application to Northern Ireland of any provision of this Act, have effect for the general application of this Act to Northern Ireland, that is to say—

(a) any reference to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as it has effect in Northern Ireland;

(b) any reference to an Act of Parliament shall be con-

strued as including a reference to an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland; and " enactment " includes an enactment of that Parliament;

(c) " summary conviction" means conviction subject to

and in accordance with the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending that Act;

(d) any reference to the High Court shall be construed as a reference to the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland.

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any of the provisions of this Act set out in Part 1 of the Ninth Schedule to this Act, shall, in the application of that provision to Northern

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

Ireland, have effect subject to such adaptations as may be specified in the Order.

Part VI of this Act applies to this subsection.

(3) The authorisation required for the compulsory purchase by an authority of land in Northern Ireland under subsection (2) of section nineteen of this Act shall be a compulsory purchase order made by that authority and confirmed by the Minister, and the provisions of the Tenth Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to every such order; and the provisions of this subsection and that Schedule may be adapted under the last foregoing subsection.

(4) The disputes which by this Act are directed to be determined by the Lands Tribunal shall, in the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, be determined by an official arbitrator appointed under section one of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and the arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with rules made by the Reference Committee under the said section one; and, save in the case of a dispute under subsection (3) of section nine, rules so made may make provision with respect to the reference and determination of the dispute and may apply any of the provisions of sections three to six of the said Act of 1919 with such modifications as may be necessary.

66.—(1) His Majesty may, by Order in Council direct that Application any of the provisions of this Act set out in Part II of the Ninth to H.M. Schedule to this Act shall extend with such exceptions, adapta- dommions-tions and modifications, if any, as may be specified in the Order in Council, to any colony, any British protectorate or any territory in respect of which a mandate on behalf of the League of Nations has been accepted by His Majesty and is being exercised by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

For the purposes of the Mandated and Trust Territories Act 1947, this subsection shall be deemed to be contained in an Act of an earlier session than that Act.

(2) If and so far as the provisions of any law made by the legislature of Southern Rhodesia for the purpose of giving effect to the Chicago Convention, or any Annex thereto, or any amendment of the Convention or any Annex thereto, or for any other purposes similar to the purposes of the enactments set out in Part II of the Ninth Schedule to this Act, purporting to haye extra-territorial operation in relation to aircraft registered in Southern Rhodesia, the said provisions shall be deemed to have such operation.

(3) Part VI of this Act applies to this section.

1047

Part VII

—cont.

1048

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part vn —cont. Application to Channel Islands and Isle of Man.

Transitory

provisions.

Amendments of other enactments.

67. —(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any of the provisions of this Act shall extend with such exceptions* modifications and adaptations, if any, as may be specified in the Order, to any of the Channel Islands or to the Isle of Man.

(2) Part VI of this Act shall apply to any Order in Council under this section extending any of the enactments set out in Part II of the Ninth Schedule to this Act as it applies to any Order in Council made under an enactment to which the said Part VI applies.

(3) An Order in Council under this section, except so far it extends any such enactment as aforesaid, may provide for the payment of sums out of moneys provided by Parliament for any purpose for which sums are required to be so paid in consequence of the exercise of the powers conferred by this section.

68. —(1) The disputes which by this Act are directed to be determined by the Lands Tribunal shall, in the period before the coming into force of the Lands Tribunal Act, 1949, for the part of Great Britain in question, be determined by an official arbitrator appointed under section one of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and the arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with rules made by the Reference Committee under the said section one; and, during the said period, save in the case of a dispute under subsection (3) of section nine, rules so made may make provision with respect to the reference and determination of the disputes and may apply any of the provisions of sections three to six of the said Act of 1919 with such modifications as may be necessary.

(2) Section twenty-five of the Merchant Shipping (Safety and Load Line Conventions) Act, 1932, shall until the commencement of the Merchant Shipping (Safety Conventions) Act, 1949, apply in relation to sea-planes on the surface of the water as it applies in relation to ships or vessels:

Provided that rules under subsection (2) of the said section twenty-five with respect to sea-planes shall not be made by the Minister of Transport except after consultation with the Secretary of State and the Minister of Civil Aviation, and any reference in subsection (3) of the said section to the master or to the person in charge of the deck shall be construed as a reference to the pilot or other person on duty in charge of the sea-plane.

This subsection shall be construed as if contained in section fifty-two of this Act.

69. The provisions of the Eleventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the amendments of the enactments therein specified.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

70. —(1) The enactments set out in the Twelfth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that, without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpretation Act, 1889, this subsection shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any instrument or other thing whatsoever made or done or having effect under any enactment repealed by this Act and every such instrument or thing shall continue in force and, so far as it could have been made or done under this Act, shall have effect as if made or done under this Act.

(3) Nothing in this repeal shall affect the terms and conditions on and subject to which any person held office or served before the commencement of this Act.

(4) Where under any Act passed before this Act there is a power to affect Acts of Parliament passed or in force before a particular time and that power would, but for the passing of this Act, have included power to change the law which is reproduced in this Act, then that power shall include power to make such provision as will secure the like change in the law as reproduced in this Act notwithstanding that this Act is not an Act passed or in force before that time and notwithstanding that the terms of this Act, apart from this subsection, are not such as to render that power applicable.

(5) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment in this Act.

71. This Act may be cited as the Civil Aviation Act, 1949.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Provisions relating to certain Orders under Part in

Part I

1. Before making the order, the Minister—

(a) shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the district in which the land is situated; and

(6) shall serve on every owner, lessee and occupier of any of the land and upon every local authority within whose area any of the land is situate!;

a notice stating that the Minister proposes to make the order and the effect thereof, and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-right days from the service of the notice) within which, and the manner in which, objections to the making of the order may be made.

1049

Part VII —cont. Repeal and savings.

Short title.

Sections 24, 25 and 30, and 2nd and 3rd Schedules.

1050

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

1st Sch. 2. If no objection is duly made by any such local authority, owner, —con/. lessee or occupier as aforesaid or if all objections so made are withdrawn,

the Minister may, if he thinks fit, make the order.

3. If any objection duly made as aforesaid is not withdrawn, the Minister shall, before making the order, either cause a public local inquiry to be held or afford to any person by whom any objection has been duly made as aforesaid and not withdrawn an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, and after considering the objection and the report of the person who held the inquiry or the person appointed as aforesaid, may, if he thinks fit, make the order.

4. Notwithstanding anything in the two last foregoing paragraphs, the Minister may require any person who has made an objection to state in writing the grounds thereof, and may disregard the objection for the purposes of those paragraphs if he is satisfied that the objection relates exclusively to matters which can be dealt with by the tribunal by whom the compensation is to be assessed.

5. Immediately after the order has been made, the Minister shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the district in which the land is situated a notice stating that the order has been made, and naming a place where a copy of the order may be seen at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice on every person who, having duly objected to the order, has not withdrawn his objection.

Part II

6. If any person aggrieved by the order desires to question the validity thereof, or of any provision contained therein, on the ground that it is not within the powers of the Minister or that any requirement of this Act has not been complied with in relation to the order, he may, within six weeks from the time when notice that the order has been made is first published in accordance with the requirements of this Act, make an application to the High Court; and on any such application the Court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order or of any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(b) if satisfied that the order or any provision contained therein is not within the powers of the Minister, or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act not having been complied with, may quash the order or any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects the applicant.

7. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, the order shall not, either before or after it has been made, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever, and shall become operative on the expiration of six weeks from the date on which notice of the making of the order is first published in accordance with the requirements of this Act.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1051

8. This Part of this Schedule shall not apply to an order which is confirmed by Act of Parliament under section six of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, but except as aforesaid shall have effect in relation to an order to which that Act applies as if in paragraph 6, for the reference to the time when notice that the order has been made is first published in accordance with the requirements of this Act, there were substituted a reference to the time when the order becomes operative under the said Act of 1945, and as if in paragraph 7 the words from " and shall become operative " to the end were omitted.

Part III

9. Any person having an interest in land the value of which is diminished in consequence of the coming into operation of the order shall be entitled to recover compensation from the Minister for the diminution, and the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall have effect accordingly.

10. Where the order comes into operation before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period, Part VIII of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945 (which provides for adjustments of compensation for the purpose of eliminating changes in value due to the exercise of emergency powers) shall apply in relation to any compensation payable under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule as it applies where compensation is payable on the acquisition of an easement over land by virtue of Part II of that Act:

Provided that for the purposes of this paragraph subsection (5) of section forty-one of the said Act of 1945 shall have effect as if for the reference therein to the date of the notice to treat there were substituted a reference to the date on which the order comes into operation.

In this paragraph the expression "war period*' has the same meaning as it has in section forty of the said Act of 1945.

11. Where any interest in land is subject to a mortgage—

(a) any compensation payable under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule in respect of the diminution in the value of the interest shall be assessed as if the interest were not subject to the mortgage;

(b) a claim for any such compensation may be made by any mortgagee of the interest, but without prejudice to the making of a claim by the person entitled to the interest;

(c) a mortgagee shall not be entitled to claim compensation under the said provisions in respect of his interest as such; and

(d) the compensation payable in respect of the interest subject to the mortgage may be paid by the Minister to such of the claimants as he thinks proper, and shall be applied by that claimant in such manner as the parties interested may agree, or, in default of such agreement, as may be determined by arbitration.

In this paragraph the expression " mortgage '* includes an equitable charge and any other encumbrance, and includes a sub-mortgage, and the expression " mortgagee *' shall be construed accordingly.

1st Sch. —coni.

1052

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

1st Sch. 12. Where the order provides for the creation of any easement over —cont. land held by a statutory undertaker for the purposes of the carrying

on of his undertaking, or of any right in or in relation to such land, the undertaker shall be entitled to recover compensation from the Minister in accordance with the special provisions of Part III of this Act relating to statutory undertakers in any case in which those provisions apply, and shall not, in any such case, be entitled to recover compensation under the foregoing paragraphs of this Schedule.

This paragraph shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

Part IV

13. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland—

(a) in paragraph 8, for the words "section six of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945,* there shall be substituted the words "subsection (4) of section two as read with section ten of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, or under section six of that Act ’*; and

(b) for references to a mortgage and to a mortgagee there shall be substituted respectively references to a heritable security and to a creditor in a heritable security; and in paragraph 11 for the words from " In this paragraph *’ to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words—

"In this paragraph the expression ‘heritable security* means a heritable security within the meaning of the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924, exclusive of a security by way of ground annual and a real burden ad factum praestandum, but inclusive of a security constituted by ex facie absolute disposition.*

Section 25. SECOND SCHEDULE

Provisions relating to Orders under S. 25

1. Any person having an interest in land to which the order relates shall, if the value of the interest is diminished by the coming into operation of the order, be entitled to recover compensation from the Minister for the diminution.

2. Where the order comes into operation before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period. Part VIII of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945 (which provides for adjustments of compensation for the purpose of eliminating changes in value due to the exercise of emergency powers) shall apply in relation to any compensation payable under the foregoing paragraph as it applies where compensation is payable on the acquisition of an easement over land by virtue of Part II of that Act:

Provided that for the purposes of this paragraph subsection (5) of section forty-one of the said Act of 1945 shall have effect as if paragraph (a) thereof were omitted therefrom.

In this paragraph the expression " war period " has the same meaning as it has in section forty of the said Act of 1945.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

3. Paragraph 11 of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to any compensation payable under paragraph 1 of this Schedule as it has effect in relation to any such compensation as is therein mentioned.

4. Any person who sustains damage by being disturbed in the use of land or water by reason of the coming into operation of the order (not being damage which consists of the diminution in the value of an interest in land) shall be entitled to recover compensation from the Minister for the damage.

5. For the purposes of assessing compensation under this Schedule, in so far as it is payable in respect of the diminution in the value of an interest in land, section two of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919 shall, so far as it is applicable and subject to any necessary modifications, have effect as it has effect for the purpose of assessing compensation for the compulsory acquisition of land.

6. Where any dispute arises as to whether compensation is payable under this Schedule, or as to the amount of any special compensation or as to the persons to whom it is payable, the dispute shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Provisions relating to directions under S. 26 Part I

1. Immediately after the Minister has given the direction, he shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the district a notice stating that the direction has been given, and shall also serve notice of the direction—

(a) in the case of a direction given for the purpose specified in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section twenty-six of this Act, upon every owner, lessee and occupier of any land to which the right of way is appurtenant, and upon every local authority in whose area any of that land is situated;

(b) in the case of a direction given for any other purpose specified in the said subsection, upon every owner, lessee and occupier of the land to which the direction relates and upon every local authority in whose area any of that land is situated;

(c) in the case of a direction restricting the installation of apparatus

or extinguishing rights to instal or maintain apparatus, upon every person whose rights to instal or maintain apparatus are affected by the direction; and

(d) in the case of a direction requiring the removal of any apparatus, upon the person entitled to maintain the apparatus required to be removed under the direction.

Any notice given with respect to any direction for the purpose of complying with the requirements of this paragraph shall state the effect of the direction.

1053

2nd Sch. —cont.

Section 26.

1054

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

3rdSch. In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, for the words

—com. " any land to which the right of way is appurtenant " there shall be

substituted the words "the dominant tenement *.

2. The provisions* of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, have effect in relation to the direction as they have effect in relation to orders made under section twenty-four of this Act.

Part II

3. Any person having an interest in land the value of which is diminished in consequence of the coming into operation of the direction shall be entitled to recover compensation from the Minister for the diminution.

4. Where the direction comes into operation before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period, Part VIII of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945 (which provides for adjustments of compensation for the purpose of eliminating changes in value due to the exercise of emergency powers) shall apply in relation to any compensation payable under the foregoing paragraph as it applies where compensation is payable on the acquisition of an easement over land by virtue of Part II of that Act:

Provided that for the purposes of this paragraph subsection (5) of section forty-one of the said Act of 1945 shall have effect as if paragraph (a) thereof were omitted therefrom.

In this paragraph the expression " war period has the same meaning as it has in section forty of the said Act of 1945.

5. Paragraph 11 of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to any compensation payable under paragraph 3 of this Schedule as it has effect in relation to any such compensation as is therein mentioned.

6. Any person who sustains damage by being disturbed in the enjoyment of any right in or over land in consequence of the coming into operation of the direction (not being damage which consists of the diminution in the value of an interest in land) shall be entitled to recover compensation from the Minister in respect of that damage.

7. The Minister shall pay compensation in respect of any expenditure reasonably incurred by any person for the purpose of carrying out work which is required to be carried out by the direction.

8. The compensation payable to any person by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall be reduced by the value to him of any timber, apparatus or other materials removed for the purposes of complying with the direction.

9. For the purpose of assessing compensation under this Schedule, in so far as it is payable in respect of the diminution in the value of an interest in land, section two of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall, so far as it is applicable and subject to any necessary modifications, have effect as it has effect for the purpose of assessing compensation for the compulsory acquisition of land.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1055

10. Where any dispute arises as to whether compensation is payable 3rd Sch.

under this Schedule, or as to the amount of any such compensation, —cont.

or as to the persons to whom it is payable, the dispute shall be referred

to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.

11. Where the direction affects any building, structure, or apparatus held or used by a statutory undertaker for the purposes of his undertaking, or affects any of the rights of a statutory undertaker to instal or maintain apparatus for those purposes, or affects any right of way enjoyed by a statutory undertaker for those purposes, the undertaker shall be entitled to recover compensation from the Minister in accordance with the special provisions of Part III of this Act relating to statutory undertakers in any case in which those provisions apply, and shall not, in any such case, be entitled to recover compensation under the foregoing paragraphs of this Schedule.

This paragraph shall not apply in Northern Ireland.

Adjustments of the Functions of Statutory Undertakers

Part I

1. Where it appears to the Minister and the appropriate Minister, upon a representation made by the person carrying on a statutory undertaking, that in order to facilitate any adjustment of the carrying on of the undertaking necessitated by any order made or proposed to be made under or in pursuance of Part III of this Act, or by any direction given or proposed to be given in pursuance of the said Part III, it is expedient that the powers and duties of the said person in relation to the carrying on of the undertaking should be extended or modified, the Minister and the appropriate Minister may by order provide for such extension or modification of the said powers and duties as appears to them to be requisite for facilitating the adjustment.

2. Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of the foregoing paragraph, an order under this Part of this Schedule may provide—

(a) for empowering the person carrying on the undertaking to

acquire, whether compulsorily or by agreement, any land specified in the order and to erect or construct any buildings or works so specified;

(b) for applying in relation to the acquisition of such land and the construction of such works enactments relating to the acquisition of land and the construction of works (including the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919 and Part V of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947);

and for such incidental and supplemental matters as appear to the Minister and the appropriate Minister to be expedient for the purposes of the order.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Section 30.

1056

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

4th Sch. 3. As soon as may be after the making of a representation under

—cont. this Part of this Schedule, the person carrying on the undertaking

shall publish, in such form and manner as may be directed by the Minister and the appropriate Minister, a notice giving such particulars as may be so directed of the matters to which the representation relates and specifying the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to the making of an order on the representation may be made, and shall also, if it is so directed by the Minister and the appropriate Minister, serve a like notice on such persons, or persons of such classes, as may be so directed.

4. The provisions of the First Schedule to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, shall have effect as if the reference in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1 of that Schedule to the making of an order under section twenty-six of that Act included a reference to the making of an order under this Part of this Schedule; and, subject to those provisions in a case in which they have effect, the Minister and the appropriate Minister may, if they think fit, make an order.

5. An order under this Part of this Schedule shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

Part II

6. Where on a representation in that behalf made by the person carrying on a statutory undertaking the appropriate Minister is satisfied that the making* of any order under or in pursuance of Part III of this Act or the giving of any direction in pursuance of the said Part III has rendered impracticable the fulfilment of any obligation of the said person incurred in connection with the carrying on of the undertaking, the appropriate Minister may by order direct that the said person shall be relieved of the fulfilment of the obligation either absolutely or to such extent as may be specified in the order.

7. As soon as may be after the making of a representation to the appropriate Minister under the last foregoing paragraph the person carrying on the undertaking in question shall, as may be directed by the appropriate Minister, either publish, in such manner as may be so directed, a notice giving such particulars as may be so directed of the matters to which the representation relates and specifying the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to the making of an order on the representation may be made, or serve such a notice on such persons, or persons of such classes, as may be so directed, or both publish and serve such notices.

8. The provisions of the First Schedule to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, shall have effect as if the reference in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1 of that Schedule to the making of an order under section twenty-seven of that Act included a reference to the making of an order under this Part of this Schedule; and subject to those provisions in a case in which they have effect, the appropriate Minister may, if he thinks fit, make an order.

9. If any objection to the making of an order under this Part of this Schedule is made and is not withdrawn before the making of the order, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

Part in

10. This Schedule shall apply to Scotland subject to the following modifications:—

(a) for references to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, to sections twenty-six and twenty-seven thereof, to the First Schedule thereto and to sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1 of that Schedule there shall be substituted respectively references to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945, to sections twenty-five and twenty-six thereof, to the First Schedule thereto, and to sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1 of that Schedule; and

(b) for the reference to Part V of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, there shall be substituted a reference to Part IV of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Limits of Liability

1. The limits of liability under subsection (1) of section forty-two of this Act in respect of such loss or damage as is mentioned in that subsection shall, in the case of an aircraft of any such description as is mentioned in the first column of the following Table, be an amount to be ascertained, in relation to that description of aircraft, by reference to the second column of the said Table.

Description of Aircraft Limit of Liability

(a) Airships

(b) Balloons (whether fixed or

free).

(c) Gliders

(d) Other aircraft—

(i) if the weight of the aircraft fully loaded does not exceed 5,000 pounds.

(ii) if the weight of the aircraft fully loaded exceeds

5,000 pounds but does not exceed 10,000 pounds.

£25,000.

£5,000.

£2,000, so, however, that not more than £1,000 shall be payable in respect of loss of, or damage to, property.

£10,000, so, however, that not more more than £5,000 shall be payable in respect of loss of, or damage to, property.

£10,000, so, however, that, in respect of loss of, or damage to, property, there shall not be payable more than £1 for each pound of the weight of the aircraft fully loaded.

1057

4th Sch. —cont.

Section 42.

1058

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

5th Sch. Description of Aircraft

—com.

(iii) if the weight of the aircraft fully loaded exceeds

10.000 pounds but does not exceed 25,000 pounds.

(iv) if the weight of the aircraft fully loaded exceeds

25.000 pounds.

2. References in the foregoing Table to pounds of weight shall be construed as references to pounds avoirdupois; and the Minister may by regulations prescribe the manner in which the weight of an aircraft fully loaded is to be ascertained for the purposes of this Schedule, and direct that, in the case of an aircraft of any particular description, such document as may be specified in the regulations, being a document which purports to show the weight of the aircraft fully loaded, shall be evidence of that weight.

Limit of Liability

£1 for each pound of the weight of the aircraft fully loaded.

£25,000.

Section 45.

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Provisions as to Policies of Insurance, Securities and Deposits

[20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43, s. 38;

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50, s. 12.]

Rights and remedies under or in respect of policies and securities

1.—(1) Where a certificate of insurance has been delivered in connection with a policy of insurance, so much of the policy as purports to restrict, or attach conditions to, the insurance of any person insured thereby shall, subject to the provisions of this paragraph, be of no effect as respects any such liability as is required to be covered by a policy under Part IV of this Act:

Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall require an insurer to pay any sum in respect of the liability of any person otherwise than in or towards the discharge of that liability, and any sum paid by an insurer in or towards the discharge of any liability of a person which is covered by the policy by virtue only of this paragraph, shall be recoverable by the insurer from that person.

(2) Nothing in this paragraph shall affect any provision in a policy being a provision which—

(a) restricts the insurance—

(i) by limiting the period of the insurance, or

(ii) by limiting the loss or damage insured against to loss or damage caused to persons or property in the United Kingdom, or

(iii) in the case of any aircraft, by specifying as the amount up to which the insurer undertakes to indemnify the insured against liability incurred by him by way of damages in respect of loss or damage caused on any one occasion to persons or property on land or water by.

1949 Civil Aviation Ch. 67

Act, 1949

or by a person in, or an article or person falling from, that aircraft while in flight, taking off or landing, an amount not less than the total limit of liability appropriate to that aircraft, or

(iv) in the case of any aircraft, by specifying as the amount up to which the insurer undertakes to indemnify the insured against liability incurred by him by way of damages in respect of loss of, or damage to, property on land or water caused on any one occasion by, or by a person in, or an article or person falling from, that aircraft while in flight, taking off or landing, an amount not less than the limit of liability for property claims appropriate to that aircraft, or

(v) by providing that the insurer shall not be liable to pay any claim under the policy if, at the time of the happening of the event which was the cause of the loss or damage giving rise to the claim, a licence to fly was not in force in respect of the aircraft in connection with which the claim is made, or

(6) provides that the insurer shall not be liable to pay any claim in respect of loss or damage which is caused or contributed to by conditions of war, riot or civil commotion.

(3) For the purposes of this paragraph, a provision in a policy which enables one party or either party to determine the insurance shall be deemed to be a provision restricting the insurance by limiting the period thereof, if, but only if, the provision requires the giving to the other party of at least seven clear days* notice in writing of the cancellation of the insurance.

(4) In this paragraph the expression " licence to fly" means a written authority permitting the aircraft to fly, issued in accordance with an Order in Council under section eight of this Act.

2.—(1) If, after a certificate of insurance has been delivered in connection with a policy of insurance, a judgment in respect of any such liability as is required to be covered by a policy under Part IV of this Act (being a liability covered by the terms of the policy) is obtained against a person insured by the policy, then, notwithstanding that the insurer may be entitled to avoid or cancel, or may have avoided or cancelled, the policy, the insurer shall, subject to the provisions of this paragraph, pay to the persons entitled to the benefit of the judgment any sum payable thereunder in respect of the liability, including any amount payable in respect of costs and any amount payable by way of interest on that sum by virtue of any enactment relating to interest on judgments.

In the application of this sub-paragraph to Scotland, the words 44 by virtue of any enactment relating to interest or judgments shall be omitted.

(2) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph—

(a) in respect of any judgment, unless before, or within seven days after, the commencement of the proceedings in which the judgment was given, the insurer had notice of the bringing of the proceedings; or

1059

6th Sch. —cont.

[24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50, s. 10.]

1060

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

6th Sch. —cont.

(b) in respect of any judgment, so long as execution thereon is stayed pending an appeal; or

(c) in connection with any liability, if both—

(i) the policy was cancelled by mutual consent or by virtue of any provision contained therein, and the cancellation took effect before the happening of the event which was the cause of the loss or damage giving rise to the liability, and

(ii) a written notice of the cancellation stating the time at which it takes effect was, not less than seven clear days before the date of the happening of the said event, served by the insurer on the Minister.

Any notice to be served for the purposes of this sub-paragraph on the Minister shall be deemed to be duly served if it is sent by registered post in a letter addressed to the Secretary of the Ministry of Civil Aviation, London.

(3) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, if, in an action commenced before, or within three months after, the commencement of the proceedings in which the judgment was given, he has obtained a declaration that, apart from any provision contained in the policy, he is entitled to avoid it on the ground that it was obtained by the non-disclosure of a material fact, or by a representation of fact which was false in some material particular, or, in a case where he has avoided the policy on that ground, that he was entitled so to do apart from any provision contained in the policy:

Provided that an insurer who has obtained such a declaration as aforesaid in an action shall not thereby become entitled to the benefit of this sub-paragraph as respects any judgment obtained in proceedings commenced before the commencement of that action, unless before, or within seven days after, the commencement of that action, he has given notice thereof to the person who is the plaintiff in the said proceedings, specifying the non-disclosure or false representation on which the insurer proposes to rely; and any person to whom notice of such an action is so given shall be entitled, if he thinks fit, to be made a party to the action.

(4) Nothing in this paragraph shall, in relation to any particular policy of insurance, require the insurer to pay any sum in excess of the amount for which, apart from this paragraph, he is liable under the policy or would be liable under the policy if it had not been cancelled or avoided; and where, by reason of two or more judgments against a person insured by the policy having been obtained in respect of loss or damage, caused on any one occasion, several claims under this paragraph are made against, or apprehended by, the insurer in relation to any aircraft, he may make application to the High Court, and thereupon the court may determine the maximum liability of the insurer in respect of the claims and also, if need be, his liability in respect of such of those claims as are for loss of or damage to property and may distribute the amount of his liability among the several claims on the following principles:—

(a) if the claims are solely in respect of loss of life or personal injury or solely in respect of loss of, or damage to, property, the amount of the liability shall be distributed rateably;

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1061

(6) if there are claims both in respect of loss of life or personal 6th Sch. injury and in respect of loss of, or damage to, property, —cont. one-half of the insurer’s total maximum liability shall be appropriated, so far as necessary, to meeting claims for loss of life or personal injury and shall be distributed rateably among them, and the other half shall be distributed rateably among all the claims, including claims in respect of loss of life or personal injury if and so far as they exceed the aforesaid appropriation:

Provided that for the purposes of this sub-paragraph so much only of a claim shall be taken into account as represents the amount of damages awarded under the judgment in respect of which the claim is made, and interest on that amount.

(5) Where an application is made to the court under the last foregoing sub-paragraph, the court may stay any proceedings pending in any other court in relation to the same matter, and may give such directions as the court thinks proper for the joining of persons interested as parties to the proceedings, for the exclusion of claims which are not brought before the court within a certain time, and for requiring security from the insurer.

(6) If an insurer becomes liable under this paragraph to pay, in respect of any liability of a person insured by a policy, an amount for which the insurer would not, apart from the provisions of this paragraph, be liable, he shall be entitled to recover the said amount from that person.

(7) References in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph to a person insured by a policy shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as including references to his estate, and except in Scotland the said provisions shall, in relation to a claim established against the estate of a deceased person in proceedings for the administration of that estate, have effect—

(a) as if the final determination in those proceedings that the claim is established were a judgment obtained against the estate of the deceased in proceedings brought by the claimant as plaintiff, and

(b) as if the making of the claim in the administration proceedings were the commencement of the proceedings in which the judgment was given.

(8) In this paragraph the expression " liability covered by the terms of the policy" means a liability which is covered by the policy, or which would be so covered but for the fact that the insurer is entitled to avoid or cancel, or has avoided or cancelled, the policy.

3. Where a certificate of insurance has been delivered in connection with a policy of insurance, the happening, in relation to a person insured by the policy, of any such event as is mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section one of the Third Parties (Rights against [24 & 25 Insurers) Act, 1930, shall, notwithstanding anything in that Act, not Geo. 5. c. 50, affect any such liability of that person as is required to be covered s. 11.]

1062

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

6th Sch. —cont.

[24 &25 Geo. 5. c. 50, s. 13;

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43, s. 113 (1) and (2).]

[24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50, ss. 10 (6) and 14; 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43, s. 113 (1) and (2).]

[24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50, s. 15.1

by a policy under Part IV of this Act, but nothing in this paragraph shall affect any rights against the insurer conferred by that Act on the person to whom the liability was incurred.

4. —(1) Any person against whom a claim is made in respect of any such liability as is required to be covered by a policy of insurance under Part IV of this Act shall, on demand by or on behalf of the person making the claim, state whether or not, at the time of the event which was the cause of the loss or damage giving rise to the claim, he, or (if the claim is made against him as representing the estate of a deceased person) the deceased, was insured in respect of that liability by any policy having effect for the purposes of Part IV of this Act, or would have been so insured if the insurer had not avoided or cancelled the policy, and, if he or the deceased, as the case may be, was or would have been so insured, give such particulars with respect to that policy as were specified in the certificate of insurance delivered in connection with the policy.

(2) If any person fails, without reasonable excuse, to comply with this paragraph, or wilfully makes any false statement in reply to such a demand as aforesaid, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, twenty pounds or, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, My pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not excelling four months.

5. —(1) Where a certificate of insurance has been delivered in connection with a policy of insurance, and the policy is cancelled by mutual consent or by virtue of any provision in the policy, the person to whom the certificate was delivered shall, within seven days from the taking effect of the cancellation, surrender the certificate to the insurer or, if it has been lost or destroyed, send a written notice to that effect by post to the insurer.

Where a notice is sent to an insurer in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the person sending the notice shall, if within seven days after the receipt thereof he is requested by the insurer so to do, make a statutory declaration to the effect that the certificate of insurance to which the notice relates has been lost or destroyed, as the case may be.

(2) If any person fails to comply with this paragraph, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, twenty pounds or, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, fifty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months.

(3) Any reference in this paragraph to a certificate of insurance shall, in relation to a policy in connection with which more than one such certificate is issued, be construed as a reference to all the certificates, and shall, where any copy of such a certificate has been issued, be construed as including a reference to that copy.

6. The foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall apply in relation to securities having effect for the purposes of Part IV of this Act, as they apply in relation to policies of insurance; and, in relation to any security having effect for the purposes of Part IV of this Act, references

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1063

in the said provisions to being insured, to a certificate of insurance, to 6th Sch. an insurer and to a person insured shall be construed respectively as —cont. references to the having in force of the security, to the certificate of security, to the giver of the security and to a person whose liability is covered by the security.

Deposits

7.—(1) No part of any sum which, for the purpose of any provision [20 & 21 of section forty-three of this Act, has been deposited by any person Geo.|5. c. 43, with the Accountant-General of the Supreme Court shall, so long as s. 43.] any liabilities incurred by that person, being such liabilities as are required to be covered by a policy of insurance under Part IV of this Act, have not been discharged or otherwise provided for, be applicable in discharge of any other liabilities incurred by him.

(2) Any rules made by the Board of Trade under section two of the Assurance Companies Act, 1909, which apply to deposits made by insurers carrying on aircraft insurance business, shall with such modifications and adaptations as may be prescribed by rules made by the Minister after consultation with the Lord Chancellor, apply to deposits made under section forty-three of this Act with the Accountant-General of the Supreme Court and the Minister, after the like consultations, may make such rules with respect to the said deposits as the Board of Trade might have made under the said section two if the Assurance Companies Act, 1946, had not passed.

Supplementary Provisions

8.—(1) The Minister may make regulations—

(a) for prescribing the forms of certificates of insurance and [20 & 21

certificates of security to be used for the purposes of Part Geo. 5. c. 43, IV of this Act, and the particulars to be contained in such ss. 41 and certificates; 111(1) and

(3) 1

(b) as to applications for, and the issue of, such certificates of

insurance and certificates of security, as to the issue of copies of any such certificates which are lost or destroyed, and as to the keeping of records and documents and the furnishing of particulars, and the giving of information with respect thereto, to the Minister or a chief officer of police;

(c) as to the carrying of documents in aircraft, and as to the

production of such documents on demand to such persons as may be specified in the regulations;

(d) for prescribing (without prejudice to any Order in Council made under Part IV of this Act) that the provisions of Part IV of this Act which relate to insurance, securities and deposits in respect of third party risks shall, in relation to any such class of aircraft registered outside the United Kingdom as may be specified in the regulations, have effect subject to such modifications, adaptations and exceptions as may be so specified; and

(e) generally for carrying into effect the said provisions of Part

IV of this Act.

1064

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

6th Sch.

—cont.

Section 47.

(2) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with any regulations made by the Minister under this paragraph, that person shall be liable on summary conviction to such fine, not exceeding twenty pounds, as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(3) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made by the Minister under this paragraph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) In this paragraph the expression " chief officer of police " has the same meaning as in the Police Pensions Act, 1921.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE

Survival of Causes of Action in Northern Ireland after Death

1. This Schedule applies to every cause of action in respect of loss or damage which, after the appointed day, is caused to persons or property on land or water by, or by a person in, or an article or person falling from, an aircraft while in flight, taking off or landing.

2. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, on the death of any person, after the appointed day, all causes of action to which this Schedule applies subsisting against, or vested in, him shall survive against, or, as the case may be, for the benefit of, his estate.

3. Where a cause of action to which this Schedule applies survives as aforesaid for the benefit of the estate of a deceased person, and the death of that person has been caused by the circumstances which give rise to the cause of action, the damages recoverable for the benefit of his estate shall be calculated without reference to any loss or gain to his estate consequent on his death, except that a sum in respect of funeral expenses may be included.

4. No proceedings shall be maintainable in respect of a cause of action which, by virtue of this Schedule, has survived against the estate of a deceased person unless either—

(a) proceedings against him in respect of that cause of action were pending at the date of his death, or

(b) the cause of action arises not earlier than six months before his death and proceedings are taken in respect thereof not later than six months after his personal representative took out representation.

5. Where damage has been suffered by reason of any circumstances by reason of which a cause of action to which this Schedule applies would have subsisted against any person if that person had not died before or at the same time as the damage was suffered, there shall be deemed, for the purposes of this Schedule, to have been subsisting against him before his death such cause of action by reason of those circumstances as would have subsisted if he had died after the damage was suffered.

6. In the event of the insolvency of an estate against which proceedings are maintainable by virtue of this Schedule, any liability in respect

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1065

of the cause of action in respect of which the proceedings are maintain- 7th Sch. able shall be deemed to be a debt provable in the administration of —cont.

the estate, notwithstanding that it is a demand in the nature of unliquidated damages arising otherwise than by a contract or promise.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE Section 53.

Patent Claims against Aircraft not protected under Chicago Convention

1. Where it is alleged by any person interested that a foreign aircraft, which is not an aircraft to which section fifty-three of this Act applies, and which is making a passage through or over the United Kingdom, infringes in itself or in any part of it any invention, design or model which is entitled to protection in the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful, subject to and in accordance with rules of court, to detain the aircraft until the owner thereof deposits or secures in respect of the alleged infringement a sum (in this Schedule referred to as " the deposited sum ") and thereupon the aircraft shall not, during the continuance or in the course of the passage be subject to any lien, arrest, detention or prohibition, whether by order of a court or otherwise, in respect or on account of the alleged infringement.

2. The deposited sum shall be such sum as may be agreed between the parties interested or, in default of agreement, fixed by the Minister or some person duly authorised on his behalf, and payment thereof shall be made or secured to him in such manner as he shall approve.

3. The deposited sum shall be dealt with by such tribunal and in accordance with such procedure as may be prescribed by rules of court, and such rules may provide generally for carrying this Schedule into effect.

4. For the purposes of this Schedule, the expression "owner" shall include the actual owner of an aircraft, and any person claiming through or under him, and the expression " passage " shall include all reasonable landings and stoppages in the course or for the purpose of the passage.

NINTH SCHEDULE Part I

Sections 65, 66 and 67.

Provisions which may be adapted for Northern Ireland Section seven;

Sections thirteen and fourteen;

Sections nineteen to twenty-two;

In section twenty-three, subsections (8), (9), (10) and (11);

Section twenty-seven;

Section thirty-eight;

Sections forty-two to fifty;

Section fifty-two;

The Schedules referred to in the foregoing enactments and Parts VI and VII of this Act so far as they apply to the foregoing enactments.

2 N

1066

9th Sch.

—cont.

Section 65.

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Part II

Provisions which may be extended to the Colonies, etc.

The enactments set out in Part I of this Schedule;

Sections eight to eleven;

Subsection (1) of section sixteen;

In section twenty-three, subsections (1), (5) and (6);

Sections forty and forty-one;

Section fifty-one;

Section fifty-three;

Section sixty-two;

The Eighth Schedule;

Parts VI and VII of this Act so far as they apply to the foregoing enactments.

TENTH SCHEDULE

Orders for the Compulsory Purchase of Land in Northern Ireland under s. 19 (2)

Part I

Provisions as to the Compulsory Acquisition of Land

1. A compulsory purchase order shall be in the prescribed form and shall describe, by reference to a map the land to which the order applies, and shall incorporate, subject to the modifications hereinafter mentioned and any necessary adaptations,—

(a) the Lands Clauses Acts, except section ninety-two and sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and thirty-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845;

(b) the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act,

1919; and

(c) sections seventy-seven to eighty-five of the Railways Clauses

Consolidation Act, 1845.

2. The modifications subject to which the Lands Clauses Acts and the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall be incorporated in a compulsory purchase order are as follows:—

(a) the arbitrator shall not take into account any building erected,

or any improvement or alteration made, or any interest in land created, after the date on which notice of the order having been made is published in accordance with this Part of this Schedule, if in the opinion of the arbitrator, the erection of the building, or the making of the improvement or alteration, or the creation of the interest, in respect of which a claim is made was not reasonably necessary and was carried out with a view to obtaining compensation or increased compensation;

(b) no person shall be required to sell a part only of any house, building or manufactory, or of any land which forms part of a park or garden belonging to a house, if he is willing and

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1067

I On* Sea.

’—COM,

(ii) in the case of a park or garden, that such part as aforesaid can be taken without seriously affecting the amenity or convenience of the house;

and if he so determines, he shall award compensation in respect of any loss due to the severance of the part proposed to be taken, in addition to the value of that part, and thereupon the party interested shall be required to sell to the local authority that part of the house, building, manufactory, park or garden.

3. Before submitting a compulsory purchase order to the Minister, the local authority by which the order was made shall—

(a) publish in a newspaper circulating in the district of the local authority a notice in the prescribed form stating that the order has been made and describing the area to which it applies, and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours, and

(b) serve on every owner, lessee and occupier (except tenants-for a period not exceeding one month) of any land to which the order relates, a notice in the prescribed form stating the effect of the order and that it is about to be submitted to the Minister for confirmation, and specifying the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to the order may be made.

4. If no objection to a compulsory purchase order is duly made by any of the persons upon whom notices are required by the last foregoing paragraph to be served, or if all such objections so made are withdrawn, the Minister may, if he thinks fit, confirm the order with or without modification, but in any other case he shall, before confirming the order, cause a local inquiry to be held and consider any objection not withdrawn and the report of the person who held the inquiry, and may then confirm the order with or without modification:

Provided that—

(a) the Minister may require any person who made an objection to state in writing the grounds thereof, and may confirm the order without causing a local inquiry to be held, if he is satisfied that every objection duly made relates exclusively to matters which can be dealt with by the arbitrator by whom the compensation is to be assessed; and

(b) the order as confirmed by the Minister shall not, unless all persons interested consent, authorise the local authority to purchase any land which the order would not have authorised them to purchase if it had been confirmed without modification.

2 N 2

able to sell the whole of the house, building, manufactory, park or garden, unless the arbitrator determines—

(i) in the case of a house, building or manufactory, that such part as is proposed to be taken can be taken without material detriment to the house, building or manufactory, or

1068

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

10th Sch. 5.—(1) Where the Minister causes a local inquiry to be held under

—cont. the last foregoing paragraph, the provisions of sections two hundred

and nine, two hundred and ten, two hundred and twelve and two hundred and thirteen of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall apply with the substitution of the Minister for the Ministry of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland.

(2) The costs in relation to the inquiry, not exceeding five guineas a day, shall be paid by the parties concerned in the inquiry, or by such of them and in such proportions as the Minister may direct, and the Minister may certify the amount of the costs incurred, and any sum so certified and directed by the Minister to be paid by any such party shall be a debt to the Crown from that party.

6. For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule a notice may be served—

(a) by registered post or by delivery to, or at the residence of, the person to whom it is addressed; or

(b) if the local authority is unable, after reasonable inquiry, to ascertain the name and address of the person upon whom the notice should be served, by addressing it to him—

(i) by name, if his name is known, or

(ii) if his name is not known, by the description of " owner " or " occupier " of the premises (naming them) to which the notice relates,

and by delivering the notice to some person on the premises, or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it can be delivered, by affixing it or a copy thereof to some conspicuous part of the premises.

Part II

Restrictions on Acquisition of Land

1. The Minister shall not confirm a compulsory purchase order authorising the purchase of any land which is the site of an ancient monument or other object of archaeological interest or which forms part of any common, open space or allotment or which belongs to the council of a county, county borough or urban or rural district, or the commissioners of a town, or is held by any statutory undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking, and shall not confirm a compulsory purchase order authorising the purchase of any forest, plantation or area of woodland, except after consultation with the Ministry of Agriculture for Northern Ireland.

2. In this Part of this Schedule—

(a) the expression "common" includes any town or village green;

(b) the expression " open space" means any land laid out as a public garden or used for the purposes of public recreation, and any disused burial ground; and

(c) the expression " allotment" means any allotment set out as a fuel allotment or a field garden allotment under an Inclosure Act.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1069

Part HI

10th Sch.

—cont.

Validity and date of operation of Compulsory Purchase Orders

1. As soon as may be after a compulsory purchase order has been confirmed by the Minister, the local authority by which the order was made shall publish in a newspaper circulating in the district of the local authority a notice in the prescribed form stating that the order has been so confirmed, and naming a place where a copy of the order and of any map therein referred to may be seen at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice on every person who, having given notice of his objection to the order, appeared at the local inquiry in support of his objection.

2. If any person aggrieved by a compulsory purchase order desires to question the validity of the order, or of any provision contained therein, on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act, or that any requirement of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder has not been complied with in relation to the order, he may, within six weeks after the date on which notice of the confirmation of the order is published in accordance with the last foregoing paragraph, make an application for the purpose to the High Court, and upon any such application the court—

(u) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order in question or of any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings, and

(b) if satisfied that the order in question or any provision contained therein is not within the powers of this Act, or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder not having been complied with, may quash the order or any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant.

3. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule, a compulsory purchase order shall not, either before or after it has been confirmed, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever, and shall become operative at the expiration of six weeks from the date on which notice of the confirmation of the order is published in accordance with this Schedule.

4. Except by leave of the Court of Appeal no appeal shall lie to the House of Lords from a decision of the Court of Appeal under this Part of this Schedule.

The Minister may make regulations prescribing anything which may be prescribed for the purposes of this Schedule.

Part IV

Regulations

1070

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Section 69.

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE

Amendments of other Enactments

Public Health Ac, 1936, j. 143

1.—(1) In section one hundred and forty-three of the Public Health Act, 1936 (which empowers the Minister of Health to make regulations with a view to the treatment of certain diseases and for preventing the spread of such diseases) for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

(2) The said section shall have effect in relation to aerodromes for the time being vested in or under the control of the Minister, and in relation to persons in aircraft arriving at or departing from such aerodromes, subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) in subsection (3) thereof, for the words "shall satisfy the

authorities, whether county councils, local authorities, or port health authorities, by whom they are to be enforced and executed " there shall be substituted the words "may provide for their enforcement and execution by officers designated for that purpose by the Minister or the Minister of Civil Aviation

(b) in subsection (4) for the words "Authorised officers of any

such authority " there shall be substituted the words "Officers so designated as aforesaid ".

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the power conferred by the said section, regulations made thereunder may provide for requiring persons alighting from aircraft to answer questions pertaining to their state of health or their contact with infection.

(4) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that the said section, so far as it relates to such regulations as are specified in subsection (9) thereof, shall apply in relation to aerodromes in Northern Ireland for the time being vested in or under the control of the Minister of Civil Aviation, and in relation to persons and aircraft arriving at or departing from such aerodromes, subject to such exceptions, modifications and adaptations as may be specified in the Order.

(5) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any regulations made under the said section as that section has effect by virtue of foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall extend, with such exceptions, modifications and adaptations, if any, as may be specified in the Order, to any of the Channel Islands or to the Isle of Man.

For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, subsections (4) and (5) of the said section shall be deemed to form part of the regulations mentioned in this sub-paragraph.

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1071

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1945, s. 1

41th Sch.

—cont.

2.—(1) Section one of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1945 (which empowers the Secretary of State to make regulations with a view to the treatment of certain diseases and for preventing the spread of such diseases) shall have effect in relation to aerodromes for the time being vested in or under the control of the Minister of Civil Aviation, and in relation to persons and aircraft arriving at or departing from such aerodromes, subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) in subsection (3) for the words "shall satisfy the authorities,

whether local authorities or port local authorities, by whom they are to be enforced and executed*' there shall be substituted the words "may provide for their enforcement and execution by officers designated for that purpose by the Secretary of State or the Minister of Civil Aviation

(b) in subsection (4), for the words "Authorised officers of any

such authority" there shall be substituted the words "Officers so designated as aforesaid

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by the said section, regulations made thereunder may provide for requiring persons alighting from aircraft to answer questions pertaining to their state of health or their contact with infection.

3. Part VI of this Act applies to sections twenty-four and twenty-six of the Air Navigation Act, 1936.

4. In the Great Western Railway (Air Transport) Act, 1929, the London and North Eastern Railway (Air Transport) Act, 1929, the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (Air Transport) Act, 1929, and the Southern Railway (Air Transport) Act, 1929, references to the Secretary of State or to the Air Council or to the President of the Air Council shall be construed as references to the Minister.

5. Any enactment contained in a local or private Act other than the Acts hereinbefore mentioned, being an enactment relating to civil aviation, shall have effect subject to such modifications as may be specified by Order in Council for the purpose of the transfer to the Minister of functions of the Secretary of State relating to civil aviation.

Air Navigation , 1936

Railway {Air Transport) Acts

Other Local and Private Acts

1072

Ch. 67

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Section 70.

TWELFTH SCHEDULE Repeals

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 80. The Air Navigation Act, 1920. The whole Act.

26 Geo. 5. & The Air Navigation The whole Act, save sections twenty-

1 Edw. 8. c. 44. Act, 1936. four and twenty-six and in subsection (1) of section thirty-five the words "This Act may be cited as the Air Navigation Act, 1936*’, and the Fourth Schedule.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 33. The Air Navigation (Financial Provisions) Act, 1938. The whole Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. . c. 61. The British Overseas Airways Act, 1939. Section thirty and the Fourth Schedule.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 21. The Ministry of Civil Aviation Act, 1945. The whole Act, save so far as it amends the British Overseas Airways Act, 1939.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 28. The Assurance Companies Act, 1946. In section one, in subsection (1), the words from the beginning to the words "Part III of that Act and ". In section five, in subsection (1) paragraph (c); in subsection (2) paragraph (c); in subsection (3) the words "or sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 7 of the Third Schedule to the Air Navigation Act, 1936 ". In the Second Schedule the proviso to paragraph 1 of Part I and paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 3 of Part III.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 70. The Civil Aviation Act, 1946. Part II. Sections thirty-six to forty-six. Sections forty-eight and forty-nine. Section fifty-two. In section fifty-three, subsections (3) to (10), and (12), (13) and (15). Section fifty-four. In section fifty-five, in subsection (1) the words from " except " to the second "aerodromes" and from " For the purposes of" to the end of the subsection. The Third, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Schedules.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 18. The Air Navigation Act, 1947. The whole Act

1949

Civil Aviation

Act, 1949

Ch. 67

1073

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51. The Town and Country Planning Act, 1947. At the end of the Eighth Schedule the amendments of the Civil Aviation Act, 1946.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53. The Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947. In the Eighth Schedule the amendments of the Civil Aviation Act, 1946.

• Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 1. The Assurance Companies Act (Northern Ireland), 1947. In section one, in subsection (1), the words from the beginning to the words "Part III of that Act and ". In section five, paragraph (b) of subsection (1) and paragraph (b) of subsection (2). In the Second Schedule, the proviso to paragraph 1 of Part I and sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 3 of Part III.

Order in Council

S.R.&0..1936, No. 1378. The Air Navigation (Northern Ireland) (Adaptation of Enactments) Order, 1936. In the Schedule, the amendments of the First Schedule to the Air Navigation Act, 1936.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838

Defence Act, 1842

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 ... Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847

Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851

Ordnance Board Transfer Act, 1855

Police (Scotland) Act, 1857

Dockyard Ports Regulation Act, 1865

Documentary Evidence Act, 1868

Promissory Oaths Act, 1868

Defence Acts Amendment Act, 1873

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878

Municipal Corporations Act, 1882

Interpretation Act, 1889

Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892

Notice of Accidents Act, 1894

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897

Assurance Companies Act, 1909

1 & 2 Vict. c. 74.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 94.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 20.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 27. 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93. 18 & 19 Vict. c. 117. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 72. 28 & 29 Vict. c. 125. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 37. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 72. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 72. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 66.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55. 57 & 58 Vict c. 28. 57 & 58 Vict. c. 60. 60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

9 Edw. 7. c. 49.

2 N *

12th Sch. —cont.

1074

Ch. 67 Civil Aviation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Short Title

Session and Chapter

London County Council (Finance Consolidation)

Act, 1912 ...

Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation)

Act, 1919

Government of Ireland Act, 1920

Air Navigation Act, 1920

Police Pensions Act, 1921

Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924

Land Charges Act, 1925

Great Western Railway (Air Transport) Act, 1929 ... London North Eastern Railway (Air Transport) Act,

2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. cv.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c.63.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 51.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.C.80.

11 &12 Geo. 5. c. 31.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.C.27.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 22. 19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. liv.

1929

London Midland and Scottish Railway (Air Transport) Act, 1929 Southern Railway (Air Transport) Act, 1929

Third Parties (Rights against Insurers) Act, 1930 ...

Road Traffic Act, 1930

Merchant Shipping (Safety and Load Line Conventions) Act, 1932

Carriage by Air Act, 1932

Local Government Act, 1933

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934 ...

Road Traffic Act, 1934

Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935 Air Navigation Act, 1936

Public Health Act, 1936

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c.lv. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

c. lvi.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

c. lvii.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 25. 20 & 21 Geo. 5.C.43.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 9.

22 & 23 Geo. 5.C.36.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.C.41.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50.

25 & 26 Geo. 5.C.47.

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 44. 26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 49.

Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936...

Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937

Air Navigation (Financial Provisions) Act, 1938 ...

British Overseas Airways Act, 1939

Town and Country Planning Act, 1944

Ministry of Civil Aviation Act, 1945

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945 ... Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1945

Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945 ...

Assurance Companies Act, 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act,

1946

Civil Aviation Act, 1946

Air Navigation Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 ...

Mandated and Trust Territories Act, 1947

British Nationality Act, 1948

Lands Tribunal Act, 1949

Merchant Shipping (Safety Conventions) Act, 1949

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 52. 1 Edw. 8.

1 Geo. 6. c. 38.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 33.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 61.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 47.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 21. 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 33.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 43.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 15. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 18. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 28.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 70.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 18. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 8.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 56.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 42. 12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 43.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

CHAPTER 68

Representation of the People , 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Parliamentary and Local Government Franchise and its exercise Parliamentary and local government franchise

Section

1. Parliamentary electors.

2. Local government electors.

3. Qualifying date.

4. Residence.

5. Non-resident qualification for local government electors.

Registration of parliamentary and local government electors

6. Registration officers and areas.

7. Registers of electors.

8. Right to be registered.

9. Preparation of registers.

10. Service qualification.

Place and manner of voting at parliamentary

11. Polling districts and polling places.

12. Place and manner of voting as elector.

13. Determination of right to be treated as absent voter.

14. Proxies.

15. Place and manner of voting as proxy.

Conduct of parliamentary elections

16. Rules for parliamentary elections.

17. Returning officers.

18. Discharge of functions of returning officer in England and Wales.

19. Discharge of functions of returning officer in Scotland and

Northern Ireland.

20. Payments by and to returning officer.

21. Loan of equipment for parliamentary elections in Northern

Ireland.

Place and manner of voting at local government elections

22. Polling districts and polling stations at local government elections.

23. Place and manner of voting as local government elector.

24. Absent voters at local government elections.

25. Proxies at local government elections.

Conduct of local government elections

26. Conduct of elections of county councillors in England and Wales.

27. Conduct of elections of borough councillors in England and Wales.

28. Conduct of elections of metropolitan borough councillors.

29. Conduct of district and parish elections in England and Wales.

30. Conduct of elections of county councillors in Scotland.

31. Conduct of elections of town councillors in Scotland.

32. Conduct of elections of district councillors in Scotland.

33. Voting at local government elections.

2N *2

1076

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Section

34. Notices as to elections.

35. Loan of equipment for local government elections.

36. Special cases.

37. Validity of local government elections.

38. Costs of legal proceedings.

Supplemental provisions as to parliamentary and local government elections

39. Effect of registers, etc.

40. Corrupt and illegal practices lists.

41. Discharge of registration duties.

42. Power to make regulations as to registration, etc.

43. Payment of expenses of registration.

44. Ascertainment of amount of registration expenses.

45. Registration appeals.

46. Supplemental provisions as to members of the forces and service

voters.

Offences

47. Personation.

48. Other voting offences.

49. Offences in connection with service declarations.

50. Breaches of official duty in connection with parliamentary elections.

51. Breaches of official duty in connection with local government

elections.

52. Tampering with nomination papers, ballot papers, etc.

53. Requirement of secrecy.

Provisions in Part I applying to other local elections

54. Provisions in Part I applying to other local elections.

Part II The Election Campaign

The election agent

55. Appointment of election agent.

56. Nomination of sub-agent at parliamentary elections.

57. Office of election agent and sub-agent.

58. Effect of default in appointment of election agent.

59. Elections where election agent not required.

Election expenses

60. Making of contracts through election agent.

61. Payment of expenses through election agent.

62. Personal expenses of candidate and petty expenses.

63. Prohibition of expenses not authorised by election agent.

64. Limitation of election expenses.

65. Limit where there are joint candidates at a local government

election.

66. Time for sending in and paying claims.

67. Disputed claims.

68. Claim by election agent

69. Return as to election expenses.

70. Declarations as to election expenses.

71. Cases at parliamentary elections where return and declarations are

not needed

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Section

72. Punishment for failure as respects return or declarations.

73. Penalty for sitting or voting after failure to transmit return and

declarations.

74. Authorised excuses for failures as respects return and declarations.

75. Power of court to require information from election agent or sub-

agent

76. Publication of summary of return at parliamentary elections.

77. Inspection of returns and declarations.

78. Election expenses at elections where election agent not required.

Propaganda at parliamentary elections

79. Candidate’s right to send election address post free.

80. Use of wireless stations abroad.

81. Imitation poll cards.

Election meetings

82. Right to use certain schools and halls for meetings at parliamentary elections.

83. Right to use certain schools and rooms for meetings at local

government elections.

84. Disturbances at election meetings.

85. Effect on rateability of premises of holding election meeting.

Officials acting for candidates

86. Officials at elections not to act for candidates.

87. Penalty for illegal canvassing by police officers.

Conveyance of voters to and from poll

88. Use of motor vehicles at parliamentary elections.

89. Restrictions on conveyance of voters.

90. Supplemental provisions as to conveyance of voters.

Other illegal practices, payments, employments or hirings

91. False statements as to candidates.

92. Corrupt withdrawal from candidature.

93. Premises not to be used as committee rooms.

94. Payments for exhibition of election notices.

95. Name and address of printer on election publications.

96. Prohibition of paid canvassers.

97. Bands of music, torches, flags and banners.

98. Providing money for illegal purposes.

Bribery, treating and undue influence

99. Bribery.

100. Treating.

101. Undue influence.

Misapplication of corporate property for parliamentary elections

102. Misapplication of corporate property for parliamentary elections.

Supplemental

103. Interpretation of Part II.

104. Savings as to parliamentary elections.

105. Rights of creditors.

106. Computation of time for purposes of Part II.

1077

. 1078

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Part III Legal Proceedings Questioning of a parliamentary election

Section

107. Method of questioning parliamentary election.

108. Presentation and service of parliamentary election petition.

109. Time for presentation or amendment of parliamentary election

petition.

110. Constitution of election court and place of trial.

111. Reception of and attendance on judges.

Questioning of a local election

112. Method of questioning local election.

113. Presentation of petition questioning local election.

114. Time for presentation or amendment of petition questioning local

election.

115. Constitution of election court for local election in England or

Wales, and place of trial.

116. Reception of and attendance on court.

117. Constitution of election court for local election in Scotland, and

place of trial.

118. Consequences of avoidance of local election.

Procedure on all election petitions

119. Security for costs.

120. Petition at issue.

121. List of petitions.

122. Trial of petition.

123. Witnesses.

124. Conclusion of trial of parliamentary election petition.

125. Conclusion of trial of petition questioning a local election.

126. Special case for determination of High Court.

127. Withdrawal of petition.

128. Evidence required for withdrawal of petition.

129. Punishment for corrupt withdrawal.

130. Substitution of new petitioner.

131. Report on withdrawal.

132. Withdrawal after double return at parliamentary election.

133. Abatement of petition.

134. Withdrawal and substitution of respondents before trial.

135. Costs of petition.

136. Further provision as to costs of petition.

137. Appeals and jurisdiction.

Consequences of finding by election court of corrupt or illegal practice

138. Report as to candidate guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice.

139. Avoidance of election and incapacity of candidate reported guilty

of a corrupt or illegal practice.

140. Provisions applying to all persons reported personally guilty of a

corrupt or illegal practice.

141. Disciplinary action on report of corrupt practice.

Further provision as to avoidance of elections and striking off

votes

142. Avoidance of election for general corruption, etc.

143. Avoidance of election for employing corrupt agent.

144. Votes to be struck off for corrupt or illegal practices.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1079

Power to except innocent act from being illegal practice, payment, employment or hiring

Section

145. Power to except innocent act from being illegal practice, payment,

employment or hiring.

Prosecutions for corrupt or illegal practices

146. Prosecutions for corrupt practices.

147. Prosecutions for illegal practices.

148. Conviction of illegal practice on charge of corrupt practice, etc.

149. Prosecution of offences disclosed on election petition.

150. Costs in prosecutions of corrupt practices.

151. Incapacities on conviction of corrupt or illegal practice.

Mitigation and remission of incapacities

152. Mitigation and remission of incapacities.

Illegal payments, employments or hirings

153. Illegal payments, employments or hirings.

General provisions as to prosecutions

154. Time limit for prosecutions.

155. Prosecutions for offences committed outside the United Kingdom.

156. Offences by corporations.

157. Place of trial of criminal informations.

158. Evidence by certificate of holding of elections.

159. Provisions as to Director of public prosecutions.

Supplemental

160. Rules of procedure.

161. Costs.

162. Service of notices.

163. Interpretation of Part III.

164. Computation of time for the purposes of Part III.

Part IV

Special Provisions as to certain Local Elections

165. Application of Act to certain local elections in England and Wales.

166. Local elections in Scotland excluded from Parts II and III.

167. Municipal elections in the City of London.

168. Voting offences at certain local elections.

Part V General

169. Interpretation of other Acts.

170. Effect of incapacities under the law of Northern Ireland.

171. General provisions as to interpretation.

172. Interpretation and application of local government provisions in

England and Wales.

173. General application to Scotland.

1080

Ch. 68

Parliamentary

electors.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Section

174. General application to Northern Ireland.

175. Repeal and savings.

176. Short title, citation and commencement.

Schedules :

First Schedule.—Provisions as to the qualifying date and the register.

Second Schedule.—Rules for conduct of a parliamentary election, and rules for conduct of a local government election in England and Wales.

Third Schedule.—Rules for conduct of a local government

• election in Scotland.

Fourth Schedule.—Provisions which may be contained in regulations as to registration, etc.

Fifth Schedule.—Return and declaration as to election expenses.

Sixth Schedule.—Election expenses at elections where there are no election agents.

Seventh Schedule.—Use for parliamentary election meetings of rooms in school premises and of meeting rooms.

Eighth Schedule.—Interpretation of other Acts.

Ninth Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to parliamentary and local government elections, corrupt and illegal practices and election petitions.

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Part I

Parliamentary and Local Government Franchise and its Exercise

Parliamentary and local government franchise

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, the persons entitled to vote as electors at a parliamentary election in any constituency shall be those resident there on the qualifying date who, on that date and on the date of the poll, are of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity to vote and either British subjects or citizens of the Republic of Ireland:

Provided that a person shall not be entitled to vote as an elector in any constituency unless registered there in the register of parliamentary electors to be used at the election nor, at a general election, to vote as an elector in more than one constituency.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1081

(2) A person shall not be entitled to vote as an elector at Part I

a parliamentary election in any constituency in Northern Ireland —com.

unless he was resident in Northern Ireland during the whole of

the period of three months ending on the qualifying date for that election:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect with respect to the autumn register published in the year nineteen hundred and forty-nine or any election for which that register is to be used.

(3) A person shall not vote as elector more than once in the same constituency at any parliamentary election.

2. —(1) The persons entitled to vote as electors at a local Local government election in any electoral area shall be those who— Kovernmeni

(a) on the qualifying date either—

(i) are resident in the area; or

(ii) under the provisions of section five of this Act have a non-resident qualification therein; and

(b) are in either case on that date and on the date of the

poll, of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity to vote and either British subjects or citizens of the Republic of Ireland:

Provided that a person shall not be entitled to vote as an elector in any electoral area, unless registered there in the register of local government electors to be used at the election nor, at an ordinary election for any local government area which is not a single electoral area, to vote as an elector in more than one electoral area.

(2) A person shall not vote as elector more than once in the same electoral area at any local government election.

3. The qualifying date both for parliamentary and for local Qualifying government elections shall be determined in accordance with date.

the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act.

4. —(1) For the purposes of sections one and two of this Residence. Act, any question as to a person’s residence on the qualifying

date for an election shall be determined in accordance with the general principles formerly applied in determining questions arising under the Representation of the People Act, 1918, as to a person’s residence on a particular day of the qualifying period, and in particular regard shall be had to the purpose and other circumstances, as well as to the fact, of his presence at or absence from the address in question.

(2) Without prejudice to the said general principles, a person’s residence in a dwelling house shall not be deemed for

1082

Part I

—cont.

Non-resident qualification for local government electors.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

the purposes of the said sections one and two to have been interrupted—

(a) by reason of that person’s absence in the performance

of any duty arising from or incidental to any office, service or employment held or undertaken by him, if he intends to resume actual residence within six months of giving it up and will not be prevented by the performance of the duty aforesaid; or

(b) by reason of permission being given by letting or otherwise for its occupation furnished by some other person—

(i) if the permission is given in the expectation that throughout the period for which it is given the person giving it or his wife or her husband will be absent in the performance of any such duty as aforesaid; or

(ii) if the first mentioned person intends to resume actual residence within nine weeks of giving it up and will not be prevented by the permission given as aforesaid.

(3) A person who is a patient in any establishment maintained wholly or mainly for the reception and treatment of persons suffering from mental illness or mental defectiveness, or who is detained in legal custody at any place, shall not by reason thereof be treated for the purposes aforesaid as resident there.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section one of this Act, a person ceasing to have a service qualification shall be treated as if he were resident in Northern Ireland during the period during which he had a service qualification.

5.—(1) A person shall be deemed for the purposes of section two of this Act to have a non-resident qualification—

(a) in an electoral area in England or Wales if he is occupy-

ing as owner or tenant any rateable land or premises therein of the yearly value of not less than ten pounds;

(b) in an electoral area in Scotland if he is the owner, or occupier as tenant, of any lands and heritages within the area which are of the yearly value of not less than ten pounds and in respect of which rates are payable.

(2) A person’s occupation of a dwelling house shall not be deemed to be interrupted by reason only of permission being given by letting or otherwise for its occupation furnished by some other person, if the first mentioned person intends to resume actual occupation within nine weeks of giving it up and will not be prevented by the permission given as aforesaid.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(3) The yearly value of any land or premises in England or Wales shall—

(a) if the gross value thereof for rating purposes appears

in the valuation list for the time being in force, be taken to be the gross value as so appearing, any necessary apportionment of that value being made by the registration officer;

(b) if no gross value thereof for rating purposes appears in the valuation list, but the value thereof is assessed under Schedule A of the Income Tax Act, 1918, be taken to be the gross annual value of the land or premises for income tax purposes, any necessary apportionment of that value being made by the registration officer; and

(c) in any other case, be taken to be the amount which

would, in the opinion of the registration officer, have been the gross value for rating purposes of the land or premises under the enactments relating to rating and valuation in force on the sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and eighteen.

(4) In the case of a joint occupation of any land or premises in an electoral area in England or Wales, each of the joint occupiers shall be treated as occupying land or premises therein of the yearly value of not less than ten pounds, if the aggregate yearly value of the land or premises is not less than the amount produced by multiplying ten pounds by the number of joint occupiers.

(5) In England and Wales,—

(a) the expression " tenant "—

(i) shall not include a tenant of a dwelling house let to him furnished for a term of less than nine weeks, or of any room or rooms let to him furnished and occupied by him as a lodger; but

(ii) shall include a tenant of a dwelling house holding over after notice to quit has been given and possession has been demanded by the landlord; and

(b) the expression "rateable" means liable for the time being to be rated to the general rate or to any rate expressed by the Act creating it to be in the nature of a general rate, except that in relation to the City of London it means liable for the time being to be rated to the poor rate.

(6) Where, in Scotland, any lands and heritages are owned or occupied by two or more persons jointly and the aggregate yearly value of such lands and heritages is not less than the

1083

Part I

— con.

1084

Ch. 68

Part I

—cont.

Registration officers and areas.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

amount produced by multiplying ten pounds by the number of owners or occupiers as the case may be, each of them shall be treated as owning or occupying, as the case may be, lands and heritages of the yearly value of ten pounds.

(7) In the application of this section to Scotland,—

(a) the expression " owner "—

(i) shall include heir of entail in possession, life-renter and beneficiary entitled under any trust to the rents and profits of lands and heritages; and

(ii) shall not include the fiar of lands and heritages subject to a liferent, or tutor, curator, judicial factor, or commissioners;

and the expression " own " shall be construed accordingly;

(b) the expression " tenant " shall not include a tenant—

(i) of a dwelling house let to him furnished for a term of less than nine weeks, or

(ii) of any room or rooms let to him furnished and occupied by him as a lodger;

(c) the expression " lands and heritages " shall have the like meaning as in the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854; and

(d) the expression " yearly value " in relation to any lands and heritages shall mean in the case where the lands and heritages are separately entered in the valuation roll the gross annual value appearing therein, and in any other case the gross annual value which would in the opinion of the registration officer be entered in the valuation roll, if the lands and heritages were separately entered therein.

Registration of parliamentary and local government electors

6.—(1) For the registration of electors there shall be electoral registration officers (in this Act referred to as "registration officers ").

(2) In England and Wales, there shall be a registration officer for each constituency, and that officer shall be—

ia) in the case of a county constituency which is coterminous

with or wholly contained in one county, or of a borough constituency which is coterminous with or wholly contained in a borough or urban district, the clerk of the authority for that county or that borough or district;

(b) in any other case, the clerk of the authority for such

county or such borough or urban district as the Secretary of State may by order direct;

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1085

Act, 1949

and any two or more constituencies having the same registration Part 1

officer shall together form a registration area, which shall be —cent.

known by the name of the area of the authority whose clerk is registration officer.

(3) In Scotland, the assessor of any county or large burgh shall be the registration officer for any constituency or part of a constituency which is situated within that county or large burgh, and where there is more than one assessor of a county or large burgh such one of them as may be appointed by the county or town council for the purposes of this Act shall be the registration officer and all other assessors thereof shall for the said purposes be subject to and shall act on his instructions.

(4) In Northern Ireland, the county borough of Belfast and each county shall be a registration area, and the town clerk of Belfast or the secretary to the county council, as the case may be, shall be the registration officer for any constituency or part of a constituency in that area; and for the purposes of this subsection the county borough of Londonderry shall be deemed to be included in the county of Londonderry.

7. —(1) It shall be the duty of every registration officer to Registers of

prepare and publish in the spring and autumn of each year— electors.

(a) a register of parliamentary electors for each constituency or part of a constituency in the area for which he acts; and

(b) a register of local government electors for the local government areas or parts of local government areas included in the area for which he acts.

(2) The registers of parliamentary electors and of local government electors shall so far as practicable be combined, the names of persons registered only as local government electors being marked to indicate that fact.

(3) The elections for which any register is to be used and the date of the publication of the register shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act.

8. —(1) Subject to any enactment imposing any disqualification Right to be for registration as a parliamentary elector, all persons who may registcre<1* be entitled to vote as electors at parliamentary elections for which

any register is to be used shall be entitled to be registered therein:

Provided that a person who on the qualifying date has a service qualification shall not be entitled to be registered except in pursuance of a service declaration made in accordance with section ten of this Act and in force on that date.

(2) Subject to any enactment imposing any disqualification for registration as a local government elector, all persons who may

1086

Part I

—com

Preparation of registers.

Service

qualification.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

be entitled to vote as electors at local government elections for which any register is to be used shall be entitled to be registered •therein:

Provided that—

(a) a person shall not be entitled to be registered more than once in any local government area;

(b) a person entitled as a resident to be registered as a

local government elector in any local government area shall not be entitled to be so registered as a non-resident; and

(c) a person who on the qualifying date has a service

qualification shall not be entitled to be registered as resident in any local government area, except in pursuance of a service declaration made in accordance with section ten of this Act and in force on that date.

9. —(1) With a view to the preparation of the registers, the registration officer shall—

(a) have a house to house or other sufficient inquiry made as to the persons entitled to be registered (excluding persons entitled to be registered in pursuance of a service declaration);

(b) have prepared and published electors lists showing the persons appearing to him to be entitled to be registered together with their qualifying addresses;

(c) except in Northern Ireland, determine all claims for registration duly made by any person, and all objections to any person’s registration duly made by another person appearing from the electors lists to be himself entitled to be registered.

(2) In Northern Ireland all such claims and objections as aforesaid shall be determined by a revising officer, who shall be, for any area, the person having the like duty for the purpose of elections of members to serve in the House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

10. —(1) The following persons shall have a service qualification for the purposes of this Act, namely—

(a) any person who is a member of the forces;

(b) any person who is employed in the service of the Crown

in a post outside the United Kingdom of any prescribed class or description;

(c) any woman who is the wife of a person having a service

qualification and is residing outside the United Kingdom to be with her husband;

so, however, that where a person leaves the United Kingdom to take up employment or residence as aforesaid or returns

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1087

to the United Kingdom at the end of such employment or residence, the employment or residence shall be deemed to begin from the time of leaving or to continue until the time of returning, as the case may be.

(2) A service declaration shall be made only by a person who has a service qualification or, subject to any prescribed conditions, by a person about to leave the United Kingdom in such circumstances as to acquire a service qualification.

(3) A service declaration may be made by such a person notwithstanding the fact that by reason of his age he is not yet entitled to be registered or to vote.

(4) No service declaration shall be specially made by any person for the purpose of local government elections, but any service declaration made for the purpose of parliamentary elections shall have effect also for the purpose of local government elections:

Provided that a service declaration may be made for the purpose of local government elections only by any person who is as a peer subject to a legal incapacity to vote at parliamentary elections, and, where so made, shall be marked to show that it is available for local government elections only but shall in all other respects be the same as other service declarations.

(5) A service declaration shall state—

(a) the date of the declaration, and that on that date the declarant was a British subject or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland;

(b) whether the declarant had on the date of the declaration attained the age of twenty-one years, and, if he had not, the date of his birth; and

(c) that on the date of the declaration the declarant was,

or but for the circumstances entitling him to make the declaration would have been, residing at an address specified in the declaration; and

(d) such particulars (if any) as may be prescribed of the

declarant’s identity and service qualification; and shall be attested in the prescribed manner.

(6) A person whose service declaration is in force on the qualifying date—

(a) shall be treated for the purposes of registration as

resident at the address specified in the declaration; and

(b) shall be treated for the purposes of registration in

Northern Ireland as resident in Northern Ireland during the whole of the period of three months ending on the qualifying date; and

Part I

—cont.

1088

Ch. 68

Part I —cont.

Polling districts and polling places.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(c) shall, until the contrary is proved, be treated also for the purposes of registration as being a British subject or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland of the age appearing from the declaration and as not being subject to any legal incapacity except as appears therefrom.

(7) Where a service declaration appearing to be properly made out and attested is transmitted to the registration officer in the proper manner, the declarant shall, until the contrary is proved, be treated for the purposes of registration as having had from the date of the declaration or such later date if any as appears therefrom, and as continuing to have, a service qualification.

(8) If a person makes a service declaration declaring to more than one address, or makes more than one service declaration bearing the same date and declaring to different addresses, the declaration or declarations shall be void.

(9) A service declaration may at any time be cancelled by the declarant and, subject to the last foregoing subsection, a service declaration bearing a later date shall, without any express cancellation, cancel a declaration bearing an earlier date.

(10) A service declaration, if not cancelled, shall continue in force so long as the declarant has a service qualification, except in so far as regulations provide that it shall cease to be in force on a change in the circumstances giving the service qualification.

Place and manner of voting at parliamentary elections

11.—(1) Every constituency shall be divided into polling districts and, subject to the provisions of this section, there shall be a polling place designated for each polling district.

(2) It shall be the duty, in England and Wales, of the local authority whose clerk is registration officer and, in Scotland, of the returning officer to make the division into polling districts and. to designate the polling places, and to keep the polling districts and polling places under review, in accordance with the following rules, that is to say: —

(a) the local authority or returning officer shall exercise the powers conferred by this section with a view to giving all electors in the constituency such reasonable facilities for voting as are practicable in the circumstances;

(b) in the case of a county constituency, each parish or,

in Scotland, each electoral division shall in the absence of special circumstances be a separate polling district or districts;

(c) the polling place for any polling district shall be an

area in that district, except where special circumstances make it desirable to designate an area wholly or partly

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

outside the polling district, and shall be small enough to indicate to electors in different parts of the polling district how they will be able to reach the polling station;

(d) a polling place need not be designated for any polling district, if the size and other circumstances of the district are such that the situation of the polling stations does not materially affect the convenience of the electors or any body of them;

(e) before deciding on any scheme relating to the division

into polling districts of a constituency wholly or partly in the county of London the local authority shall send a draft of the scheme to the London county council and take into consideration any representations made to them by that council.

(3) In the case of a polling district for which no polling place is designated, the polling district shall be taken to be the polling place for the purposes of this Act.

(4) If any interested authority or not less than thirty electors in a constituency make a representation to the Secretary of State that the powers conferred by this section have not been exercised so as to meet the reasonable requirements of the electors in the constituency or any body of those electors, the Secretary of State shall consider the representation and may, if he thinks fit,—

(a) direct the local authority or, in Scotland, returning officer by whom the powers are exercisable to make any alterations which the Secretary of State thinks necessary in the circumstances; and

(b) if the local authority or returning officer fails to make those alterations within a month after the direction is given, himself make the alterations;

and any alterations made by the Secretary of State under this subsection shall have effect as if they had been made by the local authority or returning officer.

In this subsection the expression " interested authority" means a local authority within whose area the constituency is wholly or partly situated, and for the purposes of this definition the expression " local authority" means as respects England and Wales any county, borough, district or parish council (or, where there is no parish council, parish meeting), and as respects Scotland any county, town or district council.

(5) On the exercise of any power given by this section the local authority or returning officer shall publish in the constituency a notice showing the boundaries of any polling

1089

Part I

—com

1090

Part 1

—cont.

Place and manner of voting as elector.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

districts or polling places constituted as a result of the exercise of the power and, unless the power was exercised by the Secretary of State, shall also send him a report giving the same information.

(6) Subsections (2) to (5) of this section shall not apply to Northern Ireland, and in Northern Ireland the polling districts and polling places shall be those for the time being established under the law relating to the election of members to serve in the House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

(7) Regulations may provide for adapting the register in force for the time being to any alteration of polling districts, and may make special provisions for cases where any alteration of polling districts is made between the publication of any electors listf and the coming into force of the register prepared from those lists but except in cases for which provision is made by regulations an alteration of polling districts shall not be effective until the coming into force of the first register prepared from electors lists published after the alteration is made.

(8) An election shall not be questioned by reason of any non-compliance with the provisions of this section or any informality relative to polling districts or polling places.

12.—(1) All persons voting as electors at a parliamentary election shall do so in person at the polling station allotted to them under the parliamentary elections rules except in so far as this section makes exceptions for—

(a) those registered as service voters;

(b) those unable or likely to be unable to go in person to

the polling station for one of the following reasons: —

(i) the general nature of the occupation, service or employment of the person in question;

(ii) that person’s service as a member of any of His Majesty’s reserve or auxiliary forces;

(iii) the particular circumstances of that person’s employment on the date of the poll either as a constable or, for a purpose connected with the election, by the returning officer;

(iv) at a general election, the candidature in some other constituency of that person or that person’s wife or husband;

(v) at a general election, the fact that that person is acting as returning officer for some other constituency;

(vi) at a general election, the particular circumstances of that person’s employment on the date of the poll by the returning officer for some other constituency for a purpose connected with the election in that constituency;

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1091

(c) those unable or likely to be unable, by reason either of blindness or any other physical incapacity, to go in person to the polling station or, if able to go, to vote unaided;

(d) those unable or likely to be unable to go in person from their qualifying address to the polling station without making a journey by air or sea;

(e) those no longer residing at their qualifying address.

(2) A person registered as a service voter may vote by proxy unless either—

(a) he is entitled in pursuance of an application made under subsection (4) of this section to vote by post; or

(b) he applies for a ballot paper to vote in person before a

ballot paper has been issued for him to vote by proxy;

but (where there is in force an appointment of a proxy to vote for him) shall not be entitled to vote in person unless he does so apply.

(3) A person not registered as a service voter if unable or likely to be unable to go in person to the polling station by reason either—

(a) of the general nature of his occupation, service or employment; or

(b) of his service as a member of any of His Majesty’s reserve or auxiliary forces;

may vote by proxy if he applies to be treated as an absent voter and is likely to be at sea or out of the United Kingdom on the date of the poll.

(4) Any of the persons mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (e) of subsection (1) of this section may vote by post if he applies to be treated as an absent voter and furnishes an address in the United Kingdom to which a ballot paper is to be sent for the purpose:

Provided that—

(a) a person shall not be entitled to vote by post if he is

not registered as a service voter and there is in force an appointment of a proxy to vote for him; and

(b) a person shall not be entitled to vote by post on the

ground that he no longer resides at his qualifying address if at the time of his application he resides at an address in the same area; and

(c) a person registered as a service voter shall not be

entitled to vote by .post on any ground other than his being so registered.

(5) At an election for which a person’s application to be treated as an absent voter is allowed, he shall not be entitled to vote in person.

Part I

—cont.

1092

Part I

—com

Determination of right to be treated as absent voter.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(6) A person not registered as a service voter, if he is entitled to vote in person, but unable or likely to be unable to go in person to the polling station allotted to him by reason of the particular circumstances of his employment on the date of the poll either as a constable or, for a purpose connected with the election, by the returning officer, may vote at any polling station of the constituency.

(7) For the purposes of subsection (4) of this section, two addresses shall be deemed to be in the same area if they satisfy one of the following conditions, but not otherwise, that is to say—

(a) both are within the area of the same borough or urban

district;

(b) both are within the area of the same parish in England

or Wales, or of the same electoral division in Scotland,

or of the same rural district in Northern Ireland.

(8) Nothing in this section shall be taken as conferring a right to vote on a person not having the right apart from this section.

13.—(1) An application to be treated as an absent voter at parliamentary elections shall be made to the registration officer and shall be allowed by him if he is satisfied that the applicant is, or will if registered be, entitled under the last foregoing section to vote as an absent voter.

(2) The application shall be for a particular election only, unless it is based on—

(a) the general nature of the applicant’s occupation, service

or employment; or

(b) the applicant’s physical incapacity; or

(c) the necessity of a journey by sea or air to go from the

applicant’s qualifying address to his polling station;

or

(d) the ground that the applicant no longer resides at his

qualifying address.

(3) An application based on one of the grounds mentioned in the last foregoing subsection shall be for an indefinite period but, where such an application is allowed, the applicant shall cease to be entitled to be treated as an absent voter in pursuance thereof if—

(a) he applies to the registration officer to be no longer so

treated; or

(b) he ceases to be registered at the same qualifying address

or becomes so registered as a service voter: or

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(c) the registration officer gives notice that he has reason to believe there has been a material change of circumstances, and the prescribed period elapses after the giving of the notice.

(4) The registration officer shall keep a record of absent voters and of the addresses furnished by diem as the addresses to which their ballot papers are to be sent.

14.—(1) A person shall not be entitled to have more than Proxies, one person at a time appointed as proxy to vote for him at parliamentary elections.

(2) A person shall not be capable of being appointed to vote, or voting, as proxy at a parliamentary election unless he is of full age, not subject to any legal incapacity to vote thereat as an elector and either a British subject or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland; and a person shall not be entitled to vote as proxy at the same election in any constituency on behalf of more than two electors of whom that person is not the husband, wife, parent, grandparent, brother, sister, child or grandchild.

(3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, any person shall be capable of being appointed proxy to vote at a parliamentary election and may vote in pursuance of the appointment.

(4) The appointment shall be made by the registration officer by means of a proxy paper issued by him on the application of the elector, and it shall be the duty of the registration officer to issue a proxy paper in pursuance of any application duly made to him, if he is satisfied—

(a) that the applicant is or will be registered for elections to which the application relates and entitled in respect of that registration to have a proxy appointed; and

(b) that the proxy is capable of being and willing to be appointed.

(5) The appointment may be cancelled by the elector by giving notice to the registration officer and shall cease to be in force on the issue of a proxy paper appointing a different person to vote for him, whether in respect of the same registration or elsewhere, but, subject to that, shall remain in force—

(a) in the case of an appointment for a person registered as

a service voter, for all elections for which he is registered in pursuance of the same service declaration; and

(b) in the case of an appointment for a person not registered

as a service voter, for all elections at which he is entitled to vote by proxy in pursuance of the same application to be treated as an absent voter.

1093

Part I —cont.

1094

Part I

—com

Place and manner of voting as proxy.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(6) Stamp duty shall not be chargeable on any instrument appointing a proxy under this section.

(7) The registration officer shall keep a record of electors for whom proxies have been appointed and of the names and addresses of the persons appointed.

15.—(1) A person voting as proxy for an elector at a parliamentary election shall do so in person at the elector’s polling station, except in so far as this section entitles the proxy of a person registered as a service voter (in this section referred to as " a service voter’s proxy ") to vote by post.

(2) A service voter’s proxy may exercise the right to vote as such at a parliamentary election by post if—

(a) he applies so to do and furnishes an address in the United

Kingdom to which a ballot paper is to be sent for the purpose; and

(b) either—

(i) he is entitled to vote by post as an absent voter at the election; or

(ii) the said address is not in the same area as the service voter’s qualifying address.

(3) For the purposes of this section, two addresses shall be deemed to be in the same area if they satisfy one of the following conditions, but not otherwise, that is to say—

(a) both are within the area of the same borough or urban

district;

(b) both are within the area of the same parish in England

or Wales, or of the same electoral division in Scotland, or of the same rural district in Northern Ireland.

(4) A service voter’s proxy shall not be entitled to exercise the right to vote as such in person at any election for which his application to exercise that right by post is allowed.

(5) Any such application shall be made to the registration officer and shall be allowed by him in any case where he is satisfied that the service voter is or will be registered as such for elections to which the application relates, and that there is in force an appointment of the applicant as his proxy to vote in respect of that registration, and that the conditions entitling the applicant to vote by post are fulfilled.

(6) Where any such application is based on the applicant’s right to vote by post as an elector, then—

(a) if that right extends only to a particular election, the application shall also extend only to that election;

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(b) in any other case, the application shall be for an indefinite period but, where it is allowed, the applicant shall cease to be entitled to vote by post in pursuance thereof if—

(i) he ceases to have the right to vote by post as an elector, or has that right only by virtue of a new application; or

(ii) he ceases to be proxy for the service voter, or is so only by virtue of a new appointment

(7) Where any such application is based on the situation of the address to which the ballot paper is to be sent, it shall be for an indefinite period but, if it is allowed, the applicant shall cease to be entitled to vote by post in pursuance thereof if—

(a) he applies for a ballot paper not to be sent to that address; or

(b) he ceases to be proxy for the service voter, or is so only

by virtue of a new appointment.

(8) The registration officer shall keep a record of the persons whose applications to vote by post as proxy are for the time being allowed and of the addresses furnished by them as the addresses to which their ballot papers are to be sent.

Conduct of parliamentary elections

16. —(1) The proceedings at a parliamentary election shall be conducted in accordance with the parliamentary elections rules in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) It shall be the general duty of the returning officer at a parliamentary election to do all such acts and things as may be necessary for effectually conducting the election in manner provided by the said parliamentary elections rules.

(3) No parliamentary election shall be declared invalid by reason of any act or omission by the returning officer or any other person in breach of his official duty in connection with the election or otherwise of the parliamentary elections rules if it appears to the tribunal having cognizance of the question that the election was so conducted as to be substantially in accordance with the law as to elections, and that the act or omission did not affect its result.

17. —(1) In England and Wales, the returning officer for a parliamentary election shall be—

(a) in the case of a county constituency which is coterminous with or wholly contained in one county, or of a borough constituency which is coterminous with or wholly contained in a county of a city or town having a sheriff, the sheriff of the county or of the city or town;

1095

Part I

—con/.

Rules for

parliamentary

elections.

Returning

officers.

1096

Part I —com

Discharge of functions of returning officer in England and Wales.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(b) in the case of any other borough constituency which is coterminous with or wholly contained in a borough or urban district, the mayor or chairman of the urban district council;

(c) in any other case, such sheriff, mayor or chairman of an urban district council as may be designated by the Secretary of State.

(2) In Scotland, the returning officer for a parliamentary election shall be—

(a) in the case of a constituency wholly situated in one sheriffdom, the sheriff of that sheriffdom; and (b) in the case of a constituency situated in more than one sheriffdom, the sheriff of such one of those sheriffdoms as the Secretary of State may by order direct.

(3) In Northern Ireland, the returning officer for a parliamentary election shall be—

(a) in the case of a constituency wholly contained in the

county borough of Belfast or any county, the under-sheriff of that county borough or county; and

(b) in any other case, such under-sheriff as the Secretary

of State may by order direct;

and for the purposes of this subsection the county borough of Londonderry shall be deemed to be included in the county of Londonderry.

(4) The execution of the writ for a parliamentary election shall belong to the returning officer as such and the office of returning officer shall be a distinct office from that by virtue of which he becomes returning officer.

(5) Where a person enters on any office by virtue of which he becomes returning officer, it shall belong to him and not to the outgoing holder of that office to complete the execution of any writ for a parliamentary election previously issued and not yet returned.

(6) No person shall be subject to any incapacity to vote at a parliamentary election by reason of his being or acting as returning officer thereat.

18.—(1) In England and Wales, the duties of the returning officer for parliamentary elections except—

(a) any duty imposed on a returning officer under rule 3 of

the parliamentary elections rules; and

(b) any other duties which the person (if any) who for

the time being holds the office of returning officer reserves to himself and undertakes to perform in person;

shall be discharged by the registration officer (or the person authorised to act as registration officer if the registration officer

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1097

himself is incapable of acting or there is a vacancy) as acting Part I

returning officer; and so shall any such duties as are men- —cont.

tioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection, if for the time being the returning officer is for any reason incapable of discharging his duties as such, or is under any enactment discharged from personally performing the office by virtue of which he is returning officer.

(2) The returning officer shall give to the acting returning officer written notice of any duties which he reserves to himself under paragraph (6) of the foregoing subsection, and that paragraph shall, in the case of any election, apply to the duties (if any) of which notice is so given not later than the day following that on which the writ is received, and to no others.

(3) An acting returning officer, in the discharge of the duties imposed on him by subsection (1) of this section shall have all the powers, obligations, rights and liabilities of the returning officer under this Act and this Act shall have effect accordingly.

(4) An acting returning officer shall have power to appoint deputies to discharge all or any of the said duties, but the appointment shall require the approval of the Secretary of State, where the powers of the deputy extend—

(a) to matters other than the receipt of nomination papers

and matters connected therewith; or

(b) to the taking or deciding of objections to nomination

papers.

(5) A returning officer at a parliamentary election in England or Wales shall not be disqualified by reason of being returning officer for being a candidate at the election, unless he has reserved to himself any duties at the election which would otherwise be imposed by subsection (1) of this section on the acting returning officer.

19.—(1) Where a sheriff in Scotland, or an under-sheriff in Discharge of Northern Ireland, is— functions of

returning

(a) returning officer for more than one constituency; or officer in

,.v . ... K • , ., ,. Scotland and

(b) incapacitated by reason of sickness or unavoidable Northern

absence from performing any of the duties devolving Ireland.

upon him as returning officer,

he may, without prejudice to any other power, by writing under his hand appoint a fit person to be his deputy for all or any of the purposes relating to an election in any constituency for which be is returning officer, and may, by himself or such deputy,

20

1098

Part I

—cont.

Payments by and to returning officer.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

exercise any power and do any things which the returning officer is authorised or required to exercise or do in relation to an election in such a constituency:

Provided that a deputy returning officer shall not be entitled to discharge any duty imposed on a returning officer under rule ’3 of the parliamentary elections rules.

(2) Every deputy so appointed shall, in so far as he acts as returning officer, be deemed to be included in the term returning officer in the provisions of this Act relating to parliamentary elections.

(3) In Scotland, in the event of no appointment of a deputy being made by a sheriff who is incapacitated as aforesaid, or in the event of any vacancy in the office of sheriff at the time when any such duties as aforesaid require to be performed, the senior sheriff substitute of the sheriffdom the sheriff of which is the returning officer for the constituency shall act as returning officer, and shall perform all the duties and have all the powers (including the power of appointing deputies) of such returning officer.

(4) In Scotland, no appointment of a deputy or of any other officer appointed by a returning officer shall fail by reason of the death or disability of the returning officer subsequent to the issue of the notice of a parliamentary election.

(5) In Northern Ireland, in the event of no appointment of a deputy being made by an under-sheriff who is incapacitated as aforesaid, or in the event of any vacancy in the office of any under-sheriff at the time when any such duties as aforesaid require to be performed, such person as the Secretary of State may appoint shall act as returning officer, and shall perform all the duties and have all the powers (including the power of appointing deputies) of such returning officer.

20.—(1) No consideration shall be given by or to a returning officer for the making out, receipt, delivery or return of the writ for a parliamentary election or, subject to the following provisions of this section, otherwise in connection with the execution thereof:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be taken as applying to any inclusive salary payable to a returning officer in respect of the office by virtue of which he becomes returning officer.

(2) The Treasury shall by statutory instrument prescribe a scale of maximum charges in respect of services rendered and expenses incurred by a returning officer for the purposes of or in connection with parliamentary elections, and may revise the scale as and when they think fit.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1099

(3) A returning officer shall be entitled to his reasonable charges, not exceeding the sums specified in the said scale, in respect of services and expenses of the several kinds so specified which have been properly rendered or incurred by him for the purposes of or in connection with a parliamentary election.

(4) The amount of any such charges shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof on an account being submitted to the Treasury:

Provided that the Treasury may if they think fit, before payment, apply for the account to be taxed under the following provisions of this section.

(5) On the request of the returning officer for an advance on account of his charges, the Treasury may, if they think fit, and on such terms as they think fit, make such an advance.

(6) The Treasury may make regulations as to the time when and manner and form in which accounts are to be rendered to them for the purpose of the payment of a returning officer’s charges.

(7) An application for a returning officer’s account to be taxed shall be made—

(a) where the account relates to an election in a constituency in England or Wales or in Northern Ireland, to the county court;

(b) where the account relates to an election in a constituency in Scotland, to the Auditor of the Court of Session;

and in the following provisions of this section the expression "the court" means the said court or Auditor.

(8) On any such application the court shall have jurisdiction to tax the account in such manner and at such time and place as the court thinks fit, and finally to determine the amount payable to the returning officer.

(9) On any such application the returning officer may apply to the court to examine any claim made by any person against him in respect of matters charged in the account; and the court, after notice given to the claimant and after giving him an opportunity to be heard and to tender any evidence, may allow or disallow or reduce the claim objected to with or without costs; and the determination of the court shall be final for all purposes and as against all persons.

(10) Any reference in this section to the county court shall be taken, in relation to Northern Ireland, as a reference to the county court having jurisdiction at the place for the delivery of nomination papers at the election in question.

202

Part I

—cont.

1100

Ch. 68

Part I —cont.

Loan of equipment for parliamentary elections in Northern Ireland.

Polling districts and polling stations at local

government

elections.

Place and manner of voting as local government elector.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

21. —(1) In Northern Ireland, ballot boxes, fittings and compartments provided for each county or county district may be used free of charge at any parliamentary election for a constituency comprising the whole or any part of the county or district, and any damage other than reasonable wear and tear caused to the same shall be paid as part of the expenses of the election in which they are so used.

(2) It shall be the duty of the returning officer at a parliamentary election for such a constituency as aforesaid in Northern Ireland to make use, so far as practicable, of the ballot boxes, fittings and compartments provided as aforesaid or which are otherwise the property of any county or district council, and the court upon taxation of his accounts shall have regard to the provisions of this section.

Place and manner of voting at local government elections

22. —(1) For elections of county councillors, the county council may divide an electoral division into polling districts, and may alter any polling district, and for elections of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors, the borough council may divide the borough or any ward thereof into polling districts, and may alter any polling district.

(2) For elections of metropolitan borough councillors the returning officer may divide a ward of the borough into polling districts, so however that every polling district shall consist of one or more complete registration units for which a separate part of the register of local government electors is available without alteration:

Provided that any polling district formed for the purpose of parliamentary elections or for the election of London county councillors and situate wholly within a ward of a borough shall, if the polling district is a complete registration unit for which a separate part of the register of local government electors is available without alteration, be a polling district for the election of metropolitan borough councillors.

(3) Any power to constitute polling districts for the purpose of local government elections shall be exercised so that electors from any parliamentary polling district wholly or partly within the electoral area can, in the absence of special circumstances, be allotted to a polling station within the parliamentary polling place for that district unless the parliamentary polling place is outside the electoral area.

23. —(1) All persons voting as electors at a local government election shall do so in person at the polling station allotted to them under the local elections rules, except in so far as this section makes exceptions for—

(a) those registered as service voters;

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(b) those unable or likely to be unable to go in person to the

polling station for one of the following reasons: —

(i) the general nature of the occupation, service or employment of the person in question;

(ii) that person’s service as a member of His Majesty’s reserve or auxiliary forces;

(iii) the particular circumstances of that person’s employment on the date of the poll either as a constable or, for a purpose connected with the election, by the returning officer;

(iv) at aq ordinary election, the fact that that person is acting as returning officer at an ordinary election of councillors for some other electoral area;

(v) at an ordinary election, the particular circumstances of that person’s employment on the date of the poll by the returning officer at an ordinary election of councillors for some other electoral area for a purpose connected with the election in that area;

(c) those unable or likely to be unable, by reason either

of blindness or any other physical incapacity, to go in person to the polling station or, if able to go, to vote unaided;

(d) those unable or likely to be unable to go in person from their qualifying address to the polling station without making a journey by air or sea.

(2) A person registered as a service voter may at any local government election vote by proxy unless he applies for a ballot paper to vote in person before a ballot paper has been issued for him to vote by proxy, but (where there is in force an appointment of a proxy to vote for him) shall not be entitled to vote in person unless he does so apply.

(3) Whereto) a person is registered at the same qualifying address

both as a parliamentary and as a local government elector, and is not so registered as a service voter; and

(b) there is in force an appointment of a proxy to vote for him at parliamentary elections in respect of that registration, being an appointment based on the general nature of his occupation, service or employment;

then, in respect of that registration, at local government elections at which postal voting is allowed he shall be treated as an absent voter and may vote by proxy and not otherwise.

(4) Subject to the last foregoing subsection, any of the persons mentioned in paragraphs (b) to (d) of subsection (1) of this section who is not registered as a service voter, may vote by post

1101

Part I —cont.

1102

Part I —cont.

Absent voters at local government elections.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

at any local government election at which postal voting is allowed, if he applies to be treated as an absent voter and furnishes an address in the United Kingdom to which a ballot paper is to be sent for the purpose.

(5) At an election for which a person’s application to be treated as an absent voter is allowed, he shall not be entitled to vote in person.

(6) A person not registered as a service voter, if he is entitled to vote in person, but unable or likely to be unable to go in person to the polling station allotted to him by reason of the particular circumstances of his employment on the date of the poll either as a constable or, for a purpose connected with the election by the returning officer, may vote at any polling station of the electoral area. ’

* (7) Postal voting shall be allowed at all local government elections, except, in England and Wales, elections of rural district or parish councillors.

(8) Nothing in this section shall be taken as conferring a right to vote on a person not having the right apart from this section.

(9) In this and the next following section, references to employment by a returning officer shall be taken as including, in relation to elections in a borough in England or Wales other than a metropolitan borough, references to employment by the mayor or any person acting in place of the mayor by virtue of the local elections rules.

24.—(1) An application to be treated as an absent voter at local government elections shall be made to the registration officer and shall be allowed by him if he is satisfied that the applicant is, or will if registered be, entitled under the last foregoing section to vote as an absent voter.

(2) The application shall be for a particular election only, if it is based on—

(a) the applicant’s service as a member of any of His Majesty’s reserve or auxiliary forces; or

(b) the fact that the applicant is acting as returning officer

in some other electoral area; or

(c) the particular circumstances of the applicant’s employ-

ment on the date of the poll either as a constable or by a returning officer.

(3) An application not based on one of the grounds mentioned in the last foregoing subsection shall be for an indefinite period but, where such an application is allowed, the applicant shall cease to be entitled to be treated as an absent voter in pursuance thereof if—

(a) he applies to the registration officer to be no longer so treated; or

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(b) he ceases to be registered at the same qualifying address,

or becomes so registered as a resident instead of a non-resident or vice versa, or as a service voter; or

(c) the registration officer gives notice that he has reason

to believe that there has been a material change of circumstances, and the prescribed period elapses after the giving of the notice.

(4) The registration officer shall keep a record of absent voters and of the addresses furnished by them as the addresses to which their ballot papers are to be sent.

25.—(1) Except in the case of a service voter who is as a Proxies at local peer subject to a legal incapacity to vote at parliamentary elec- government dons, no person shall be specially appointed proxy to vote at elections, local government elections, but any appointment of a person to vote as proxy at parliamentary elections shall have effect also for the purpose of local government elections.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, in the case of a service voter who is as a peer subject to a legal incapacity to vote at parliamentary elections, any person shall be capable of being appointed proxy to vote at local government elections for him and may vote in pursuance of the appointment:

Provided that not more than one person at a time shall be appointed on behalf of any service voter.

(3) A person shall not be capable of being appointed under the last foregoing subsection to vote, or of voting, as proxy at a local government election unless he is of full age, not subject to any legal incapacity to vote thereat as an elector and either a British subject or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland.

(4) A person voting as proxy for a service voter at a local government election may do so by post if—

Uz) he applies to vote as proxy by post and furnishes an address in the United Kingdom to which a ballot paper is .to be sent for the purpose; and (b) he is entitled to vote by post as an absent voter at the election;

but a person voting as proxy for an elector at a local government election, unless entitled to do so by post, shall do so in person at the elector's polling station.

(5) The registration officer shall keep a record of electors for whom proxies have been appointed and of the names and addresses of the persons appointed.

(6) In relation to service voters and their proxies, subsections

(4) to (6) of section fourteen and subsections (4), (5), (6) and (8) of section fifteen of this Act shall apply for the purposes of local government elections as they apply for the purposes of parliamentary elections.

1103

Part I —cont.

1104

Part I —cont. Conduct of elections of county

councillors in England and Wales.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Conduct of local government elections

26.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an election of a county councillor shall be conducted in accordance with the local elections rules in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) The county council shall appoint a person to be the county returning officer, and if at an election of a county councillor the office of county returning officer is vacant, or the county returning officer is for any reason unable to act, the chairman of the county council shall forthwith appoint another person to be the county returning officer for that election.

(3) Save as provided by subsection (4) of this section, the county returning officer shall be the returning officer for an election of a county councillor and may by writing under his hand appoint a fit person to be his deputy for all or any of the purposes of the election, and any functions which a returning officer is authorised or required to discharge in relation to the election may be discharged by a deputy so appointed.

(4) At an election of a county councillor for an electoral division which is co-extensive with or wholly comprised in a borough, other than a metropolitan borough, the mayor of the borough or some person appointed by him shall be the returning officer, or if the office of mayor is vacant, or the mayor is for any reason unable to act and has failed to appoint a person in his place, the deputy mayor or if there is no deputy mayor or the deputy mayor is for any reason unable to act, such alderman of the borough as the council of the borough may choose for that purpose, shall be the returning officer.

(5) A mayor or other person acting as returning officer under the provisions of this section shall, as respects the election for which he is so acting, follow the instructions of the county returning officer.

(6) All expenditure properly incurred by a returning officer or other officer in relation to the holding of an election of a county councillor shall, in so far as it does not, in cases where the scale fixed for the purposes of this section by the county council is applicable, exceed that scale, be paid by the county council.

(7) Before a poll is taken at an election of a county councillor, the county council shall, at the request of the returning officer or of any person acting as returning officer, advance to him such sum, not exceeding ten pounds for every thousand electors at the election, as he may require.

(8) This section shall not apply in Scotland.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1105

Act, 1949

27.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an election of Part I councillors of a borough shall be conducted in accordance with the local elections rules in the Second Schedule to this Act. Conduct of

(2) At an election of councillors for a borough not divided borough

into wards the mayor shall be the returning officer: councillors in

Provided that, if the office of mayor is vacant, or for any and

reason the mayor is unable to act, the deputy mayor, or if there is no deputy mayor, or the deputy mayor is for any reason unable to act, such alderman of the borough as the council may choose for that purpose shall be the returning officer.

(3) At an election of councillors for a ward of a borough an alderman of the borough assigned for that purpose by the council at the annual meeting shall be the returning officer, but if the number of aldermen in office at that time is less than the number of wards, then there shall be assigned to the ward or each of the wards for which no alderman is available a councillor, not being a councillor or local government elector for the ward, and he shall be the returning officer:

Provided that, if the alderman or councillor so assigned dies, or is for any reason unable to act, the mayor may appoint another alderman, or if the number of aldermen able to act is less than the number of wards, a councillor, not being a councillor or local government elector for that ward, to be the returning officer.

(4) Where a borough is divided into wards, the returning officer at the first election for each ward held after the division shall, notwithstanding anything in this section, be the mayor or a person appointed by the mayor.

(5) All expenditure properly incurred by the mayor, returning officer or town clerk in relation to the holding of an election of councillors of a borough shall be paid by the council of the borough.

(6) This section shall not apply in Scotland or to an election of metropolitan borough councillors.

28.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an election of conduct of metropolitan borough councillors shall be conducted in elections of

accordance with the local elections rules in the Second Schedule metropolitan

borough councillors.

to this Act.

(2) At an election of metropolitan borough councillors, the town clerk of the borough shall be the returning officer and may, by writing under his hand, appoint a fit person to be his deputy for all or any of the purposes of an election, and any functions which a returning officer is authorised or required to discharge in relation to the election may be discharged by a deputy so appointed.

20

1106 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Part I (3) All expenditure properly incurred by a returning officer in —com. relation to the holding of an election of metropolitan borough councillors shall, in so far as it does not, in cases where the scale fixed for the purposes of this section by the London county council is applicable, exceed that scale, be paid by the metropolitan borough council.

(4) Before a poll is taken at an election of metropolitan borough councillors, the borough council shall, at the request of the returning officer, or any person acting as returning officer, advance to him such sum, not exceeding ten pounds for every thousand electors at the election, as he may require.

Conduct of district and parish elections in England and Wales.

29.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an election of district or parish councillors shall be conducted in accordance with rules made by the Secretary of State, which shall provide among other things—

(a) for the appointment of a returning officer for the election;

(b) for fixing or enabling the county council to fix the hours

during which the poll is to be kept open;

(c) for the polls at elections of rural district councillors

and of parish councillors, being, so far as practicable, taken together where the elections are held on the same date and for the same area.

Rules under this subsection are hereinafter referred to as district election rules or parish election rules, as the case may be.

(2) At every election regulated by district or parish election rules the poll shall be taken by ballot, and section fifty-three of this Act and the local elections rules in the Second Schedule to this Act shall, subject to such adaptations, alterations and exceptions as may be made by district or parish election rules, apply in like manner as in the case of an election of councillors of a borough other than a metropolitan borough:

Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall be without prejudice to the requirement of subsection (6) of section sixty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1933, that a casual vacancy among parish councillors shall be filled by the parish council.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, nothing in rules made under this section shall affect or enable the county council to affect the hour at which under the local elections rules the poll is to close.

(4) Except in so far as provision is otherwise made by district or parish election rules in cases where the polls at elections of

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1107

Act, 1949

rural district councillors and parish councillors are taken Part I together,— —cont.

(a) the district council shall pay all expenses properly in-

curred in relation to the holding of an election of district councillors; and

(b) the parish council shall pay all expenses properly in-

curred in relation to the holding of an election of parish councillors, in either case not exceeding such scale as may be fixed by the county council, so far as the scale is applicable.

(5) District and parish election rules shall be made by statutory instrument and any such instrument shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

(6) This section shall not apply in Scotland.

30.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an election of Conduct of a county councillor for an electoral division in Scotland shall elections of be conducted in accordance with the local elections rules in the ^"ty Third Schedule to this Act, and in those rules and in this section iji Scotland, references to county councillors shall be construed as references to county councillors for the landward area of a county.

(2) The county council shall appoint a person to be the returning officer for the purposes of each election of county councillors, and if the person so appointed dies, resigns or is for any other reason unable to act, the Secretary of State may appoint another person to be the returning officer at that election.

(3) The returning officer may by writing under his hand appoint one or more fit persons to be his depute or deputes for all or any of the purposes of the election and anything required or authorised to be done by, to or before the returning officer in relation to the election may, so far as the depute is authorised to act, be done by, to or before any depute so appointed and any reference in this Act to a returning officer shall, where a depute returning officer is acting for the returning officer under this subsection, include a reference to the depute returning officer.

(4) All expenses properly incurred by the returning officer or the county clerk in relation to the holding of an election of county councillors, not exceeding such scale as the county council may fix and as may be applicable, shall be paid (so far as not otherwise provided by law) by the county council and defrayed as part of the general expenses of the council relating exclusively to the landward area of the county.

(5) Before a poll is taken at any such election the county council shall at the request of the returning officer advance to him such sum not exceeding ten pounds for every thousand electors at the election as he may require.

(6) This section shall apply only in Scotland.

20*2

1108

Part I —c

Conduct of elections of town

councillors in Scotland.

Conduct of elections of district councillors in Scotland.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

31. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the election of town councillors of a burgh shall be conducted in accordance with the local elections rules in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) At an election of town councillors of a burgh, the provost shall be the returning officer, but if the office of provost is at the time vacant or if the provost is one of the councillors falling to retire at the election or his term of office expires or he resigns office as at the date of the election or he is incapacitated from acting by illness, absence or other cause or he declines or fails to act, the acting chief magistrate (as defined by section thirty-two of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947) shall be the returning officer, and if the provost and all the bailies fall to retire at the election, or are prevented from acting or fail to act as returning officer for any of the reasons aforesaid, the town clerk or any fit person appointed by him shall act as returning officer.

(3) The returning officer may by writing under his hand appoint one or more fit persons to be his depute or deputes for all or any of the purposes of the election and anything required or authorised to be done by, to or before the returning officer in relation to the election may, so far as the depute is authorised to act, be done by, to or before any depute so appointed and any reference in this Act to a returning officer shall, where a depute returning officer is acting for the returning officer under this subsection, include a reference to the depute returning officer.

(4) All expenses properly incurred by the returning officer or the town clerk in relation to the holding of an election of town councillors of a burgh shall be paid by the town council and shall be defrayed out of the common good of the burgh or as part of the general expenses of the council, or partly in the one way or partly in the other, as the council determine.

(5) This section shall apply only in Scotland.

32. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the local elections rules in the Third Schedule to this Act shall apply to an election of elected district councillors in Scotland as they apply to an election of county councillors, but subject to such modifications and adaptations as the circumstances shall require.

References in the said Schedule to district councillors shall be construed as references to elected district councillors.

(2) The county council shall make due provision for an election of elected district councillors in Scotland and may refer to the Secretary of State any question as to the performance of their duties with respect to an election of district councillors under the local elections rules, and the determination of the Secretary of State shall be final.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(3) In the case of a casual vacancy in the office of an elected district councillor in Scotland, the county council shall, if an election by the electors is ordered, appoint a returning officer for the purposes of the election:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply so far as it is inconsistent with the provisions of a local Act.

(4) The expenses incurred in relation to an election of elected district councillors in Scotland shall be paid by the county council, but the amount as ascertained and apportioned by agreement between the county council and district council concerned or, failing agreement, by the Secretary of State shall be repaid to the county council by the district council and be defrayed by the district council as part of their general expenses.

33. —(1) At a local government election for any electoral area, no person shall as an elector and no person shall as proxy for any one elector—

(a) give more than one vote for any one candidate; or

(h) give more votes in all than the total number of councillors to be elected for the electoral area.

(2) No person shall be subject to any incapacity to vote at a local government election by reason of his being or acting as returning officer thereat.

34. In England and Wales, any notice required to be given in connection with a local government election may relate to more than one electoral area, and, in cases where the polls at elections of rural district councillors and parish councillors are held together, to both elections.

35. —(1) Any ballot boxes, fittings and compartments provided for parliamentary elections out of moneys provided by Parliament, may, on request, be lent to the returning officer at a local government election on such terms and conditions as the Treasury may determine.

(2) Any ballot boxes, fittings and compartments provided by or belonging to a local authority within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933, shall, on request, and if not required for immediate use by that authority, be lent to the returning officer at an election held under that Act on such terms and conditions as may be agreed.

(3) Any ballot boxes, fittings and compartments provided by or belonging to any authority shall, on request, and if not required for immediate use by that authority, be lent to the returning officer at an election held under the London Government Act, 1939. on such terms and conditions as may be agreed.

1109

Part 1 —cont.

Voting at local

government

elections.

Notices as to elections.

Loan of equipment for local government elections.

1110

Part I

—cont.

Special cases.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(4) Any ballot boxes, fittings and compartments provided by or belonging to a local authority within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall, on request, and if not required for immediate use by that authority, be lent to the returning officer at an election held under that Act on such terms and conditions as may be agreed.

36.—(1) An election in England or Wales to fill a casual vacancy in the office of a county councillor, councillor of a borough or district councillor and an election by local government electors in Scotland ordered to be held for the purpose of filling a casual vacancy shall be conducted in the same manner as an ordinary election or, in the case of an election in England or Wales of a district councillor, in the manner prescribed by the district election rules:

Provided that as respects an election in Scotland—

(a) the provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to an ordinary election shall apply subject to any necessary modifications and to the substitution for the dates set out in Part I of the local elections rules of such dates as the returning officer shall fix; and

(b) such of the foregoing provisions of this subsection as are inconsistent with the provisions of a local Act shall not apply.

(2) Where a local government election is ordered to be held under section seventy-two of the Local Government Act, 1933, or section forty-seven of the London Government Act, 1939, or section sixty-three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which provide for the holding of an election after countermanding a poll and in other special cases) the provisions of this Act relating to the notice to be given of an election and the manner in which an election is to be conducted shall apply in relation to the election so ordered to be held as they applied or would have applied in relation to the election which has not been duly held or has failed or become void:

Provided that—

(a) no fresh nomination shall be necessary in the case of

a candidate who remained validly nominated for the election which has not been duly held or has failed or become void, and

(b) in Scotland the said provisions of this Act shall have

effect subject to any necessary modifications and adaptations and the returning officer may fix any dates in substitution for the dates set forth in Part I of the local elections rules.

(3) Where in Scotland a local government election is ordered by the Secretary of State to be held under section sixty-four of the said Act of 1947 (which deals with failures of elections).

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1111

the provisions of this Act with respect to the holding of elec- Part I tions shall apply with the substitution of such dates as the —corn. Secretary of State may fix for the dates set forth in Part I of the local elections rules and subject to such other modifications and adaptations as may be specified in the order.

(4) An order made by a county council under section fifty-five of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which deals with omissions to hold parish elections) with respect to an election of parish councillors may modify the provisions of this Act and of any parish election rules so far as may appear to the county council necessary or expedient for carrying the order into effect.

37. —(1) No local government election shall be declared invalid Validity of by reason of any act or omission of the returning officer or any local other person in breach of his official duty in connection with

the election or otherwise of the local elections rules if it appears e to the tribunal having cognizance of the question that the election was so conducted as to be substantially in accordance with the law as to elections and that the act or omission did not affect its result.

(2) A local government election, unless questioned by election petition within the period fixed by law for those proceedings shall be deemed to have been to all intents a good and valid election.

(3) A local government election shall not be liable to be questioned by reason of a defect in the title, or want of title, of the person presiding at or conducting the election, if that person was then in actual possession of, or acting in, the office giving the right to preside at, or conduct, the election.

(4) In Scotland the election of a member of a local authority shall not be affected by reason only of any nullity or irregularity in the election of any other member of the authority.

38. All costs properly incurred by a returning officer or, in Costs of legal Scotland, by the county clerk or town clerk, in the institution of proceedings, legal proceedings arising out of a local government election shall

be deemed to form part of the expenses properly incurred by him in relation to the holding of the election.

Supplemental provisions as to parliamentary and local government elections

39. —(1) The register of parliamentary electors shall for the Effect of purposes of this Part of this Act be conclusive on the following registers, etc. questions: —

(a) whether or not a person registered therein was on the

qualifying date resident at the address shown;

(b) whether or not that address is in any constituency or any

particular part of a constituency;

1112

Ch. 68

Part I —coni.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(c) whether or not a person registered as an elector in a constituency in Northern Ireland was during the whole of the period of three months ending on the qualifying date resident in Northern Ireland;

(d) whether or not a person registered therein is registered as a service voter.

(2) The register of local government electors shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act be conclusive on the following questions:—

(a) whether a person registered therein is so registered as a

resident or as a non-resident, and whether or not on the qualifying date he was resident at the address shown or had a non-resident qualification in respect of that address, as the case may be;

(b) whether or not that address is in any local government

area or any particular part of a local government area;

(c) whether or not a person registered therein as a resident

is registered as a service voter;

(d) in the case of a person registered at more than one address in the same local government area, at which of those addresses he is registered as a local government elector for that area.

(3) The relevant special lists prepared under this Act for a parliamentary or local government election shall, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be conclusive on the following questions : —

(a) whether or not a person’s right to vote at the election is

exercisable by post;

(b) whether or not there is in force an appointment of a proxy to vote for any person and (if so) who is appointed.

(4) A person registered as a parliamentary or local government elector, or entered in the list of proxies, shall not be excluded from voting on the ground that he is not a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland or is not of full age or is otherwise subject to any legal incapacity to vote, or that on the qualifying date or the date of lus appointment, as the case may be, he was not a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland or was not of full age or was otherwise subject to any legal incapacity to vote; but this provision shall not prevent the rejection of the vote on a scrutiny or affect his liability to any penalty for voting.

(5) No misnomer or inaccurate description of any person or place named in the register of parliamentary electors or in the register of local government electors or in any list, record.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1113

proxy paper, nomination paper, ballot paper, notice or other Part I

document required for the purposes of this Part of this Act —com,

shall affect the full operation of the document with respect to that person or place in any case where the description of the person or place is such as to be commonly understood.

40. —(1) The registration officer shall in each year make out a Corrupt and

corrupt and illegal practices list containing— j!ractices lists.

(a) the names and description of the persons who, though otherwise qualified to be registered in the register of parliamentary electors for each constituency or part of a constituency for which he acts, are not so qualified by reason of having been convicted or reported guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice; and

(b) a statement of the offence of which each person has

been found guilty.

(2) The clerk of the authority of each local government area in England and Wales and each assessor charged with the duty of making up the register of local government electors in Scotland shall in each year make out a corrupt and illegal practices list containing—

(a) the names and description of the persons who, though

otherwise qualified to be registered in the register of local government electors for the area for which he acts, are not so qualified by reason of having been convicted or reported guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice; and

(b) a statement of the offence of which each person has

been found guilty.

41. —(1) A registration officer shall comply with any general Discharge of or special directions which may be given by the Secretary of registration State with respect to the arrangements to be made by the duUes* registration officer for carrying out his registration duties.

(2) Except in Scotland, any of the duties and powers of a registration officer may be performed and exercised by any deputy for the time being approved by the Secretary of State, and the provisions of this Act shall apply to any such deputy so far as respects any duties or powers to be performed or exercised by him as they apply to die registration officer.

(3) A registration officer in England or Wales whose appointment was made by an order of the Secretary of State shall comply with any conditions made by the order as to the appointment of deputies for any part of the constituency.

1114

Part 1

— co.

Power to make regulations as to registration, etc.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(4) Any acts authorised or required to be done by or with respect to the registration officer may, in the event of his incapacity to act, or of a vacancy, be done—

(a) in England or Wales, by or with respect to the standing or temporary deputy acting as clerk of the authority under section one hundred and fifteen or one hundred and sixteen of the Local Government Act, 1933, or under section eighty-two or eighty-three of the London Government Act, 1939, or, in the case of the secondary of the City of London, by or with respect to any person temporarily appointed in that behalf by the Lord Mayor; and

(b) in Northern Ireland, by or with respect to the person appointed to take his place as registration officer for the purpose of elections of members to serve in the House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

(5) In England or Wales, a county council (other than the London county council), a borough council or a district council may assign officers to assist the clerk of the council, or town clerk, as the case may be, in acting on the requisition of a registration officer or otherwise carrying out any of his duties in relation to the registration of electors and the conduct of parliamentary elections upon such terms as may be agreed between the council and the person carrying out the duties, and in Northern Ireland a county, county borough or county district council shall, in relation to the registration of electors, have the like power.

(6) If the Secretary of State is of opinion, as respects any constituency in Northern Ireland which is not wholly within one registration area, that any power or duty of the registration officer ought to be exercised or performed by an officer acting for the whole of the constituency, he may by order direct that that power or duty shall be exercised or performed as respects the whole constituency by the registration officer for such one of the registration areas in which part of the constituency is included as may be specified in the order.

42.—(1) Provision may be made by regulations—

(a) with respect to the form of the register of electors and

of the electors’ lists or any special lists or records required by this Act in connection with the register or with any election;

(b) with respect to the procedure to be followed in the

preparation of the register, the electors* lists and any such special lists or records as aforesaid, and with respect to the time, place and manner of their publication; and

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(c) generally with respect to any matters incidental to the provisions of this Act so far as those provisions relate to the registration of electors or to voting by post or proxy.

(2) The said incidental matters shall be taken to include the time and manner of preparation and publication and form of, and the making and determination of claims or objections with respect to, the corrupt and illegal practices lists.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsections, regulations made with respect to the matters therein mentioned may contain any such provisions as are mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act

43.—(1) Any expenses properly incurred by a registration Payment of officer in the performance of his registration duties (in this Act referred to as " registration expenses ") shall (except in Northernr 815 Ireland) be paid by the local authority whose clerk is registration officer, and there shall be paid to the local authority—

(a) out of moneys provided by Parliament one half of the

amount of the registration expenses paid by the authority; and

(b) where the registration officer acts for an area outside

the area of the authority such contributions by any other local authority as the Secretary of State may direct.

(2) The registration expenses of a registration officer in Northern Ireland shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(3) Any fees or other sums received by the registration officer in respect of his registration duties, other than sums paid to that officer in respect of his registration expenses, shall be accounted for by that officer and paid to the local authority whose clerk he is, and any sums receivable by a local authority under this subsection shall be accounted for by that authority to the Treasury and, as to one half thereof, be paid into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom :

Provided that, in the case of a registration officer in Northern Ireland, the whole amount shall be accounted for by that officer to the Treasury and paid into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom.

(4) Any expenses properly incurred by the clerk of the authority of any county borough, metropolitan borough or county district in pursuance of the requisition of a registration officer requiring him to perform any of the functions of that registration officer or to furnish him with information shall be paid by the registration officer as part of his registration expenses.

1115

Part 1 —cont.

1116

Part I —cont.

Ascertainment of amount of registration expenses.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(5) On the request of a registration officer for an advance on account of registration expenses, the local authority whose clerk is registration officer or, in the case of a registration officer in Northern Ireland, the Treasury may, if they think fit, make such an advance to him of such an amount and subject to such conditions as they may approve.

(6) Any registration expenses or contribution thereto paid by a county council in England or Wales shall, if the case requires, be paid as expenses for special county purposes.

(7) Any registration expenses or contributions thereto paid by the common council of the City of London shall be paid out of the general rate and any sums paid to the common council under this section shall be placed to the credit of that rate.

(8) In the application of this section to Scotland, for any reference to the local authority whose clerk is registration officer there shall be substituted a reference to the council of the county or burgh the assessor of which is registration officer.

44.—(1) The registration expenses payable to a registration officer—

(a) shall include all proper and reasonable charges for his

own personal remuneration for performing his registration duties and for the remuneration and expenses of any staff provided by a local authority to enable him to perform them; but

(b) shall not include any sum on account of the use of

premises, furniture or equipment provided by a local authority in excess of the amount by which that authority’s expenditure has been actually and directly increased by the use of those premises or of that furniture or equipment in connection with registration.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to the expenses payable by a registration officer to the clerk of the authority of a county borough, metropolitan borough or county district acting in pursuance of a requisition of that registration officer, as it applies in relation to the registration expenses payable to a registration officer.

(3) The Treasury may frame a scale of registration expenses applicable to all or any class or classes of those expenses, and may alter the scale as and when they think fit, and any expenses incurred by a registration officer of a class to which the scale is applicable—

(a) shall be taken to be properly incurred if they do not exceed the maximum amount determined by or in accordance with the scale; and

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(6) shall be taken not to have been properly incurred so far as they do exceed that amount, unless the sanction (whether previous or not) of the Treasury, and (except in Northern Ireland) that of the local authority, is specially given for the excess.

(4) Nothing in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection shall be construed as entitling a registration officer to receive payments in excess of the expenses actually incurred by him, except his proper and reasonable charges for his own personal remuneration.

(5) If any question arises whether any expenses incurred by a registration officer of a class to which no scale framed under this section is applicable have been properly incurred or not, that question shall be referred to the Secretary of State, and his decision thereon shall be final.

(6) The Treasury may make with the appropriate department of the government of Northern Ireland arrangements for determining what part of any expenses incurred in connection with the registration of electors or voting by post or proxy in Northern Ireland is to be attributed respectively to this Act and to the law of Northern Ireland, in cases where any document used or thing done has effect for the purposes of both, and the arrangements may make provision—

(a) for making any scale of registration expenses framed

for the purposes of either applicable to expenses incurred wholly or partly for the purposes of the other, being expenses which cannot readily be kept separate from other expenses to which the scale applies;

(b) for the apportionment in such manner as may be agreed

of any such expenses; and

(c) as to the manner in which any such expenses are to be

paid in the first instance;

and in the application of this section to Northern Ireland paragraph (b) of subsection (1) shall not apply.

45.—(1) An appeal shall lie to the county court—

(a) from any decision under this Act of the registration officer on any claim for registration or objection to a person’s registration made to and considered by him;

(b) from any decision under this Act of the registration

officer disallowing a person’s application to be treated as an absent voter or to vote by post as proxy, in any case where the application is not made for a particular election only;

(c) from any decision under this Act of the registration

officer to place or not to place against any name in

1117

Part I — am•

Registration

appeals.

1118

Ch. 68

Part I

—cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

the register a mark indicating that the person registered is, or is not, registered as a service voter or as a non-resident or is, or is not, entitled to vote for a particular local government area:

Provided that an appeal shall not lie where the person desiring to appeal has not availed himself of a prescribed right to be heard by or make representations to the registration officer on the matter which is the subject of the appeal, or has not given the prescribed notice of appeal within the prescribed time.

(2) No appeal shall lie from the decision of the Court of Appeal on appeal from a decision of the county court under this section.

(3) An appeal to the county court or Court of Appeal by virtue of this section which is pending when notice of an election is given shall not prejudice the operation as respects the election of the decision appealed against, and anything done in pursuance of the decision shall be as good as if no such appeal had been brought and shall not be affected by the decision of the appeal.

(4) Notice shall be sent to the registration officer in manner provided by rules of court of the decision of the county court or of the Court of Appeal on any appeal by virtue of this section, and the registration officer shall make such alterations in the electors lists or register as may be required to give effect to the decision.

(5) The registration officer shall undertake such duties in connection with appeals brought by virtue of this section as may be prescribed and shall on any such appeal be deemed to be a party to the proceedings, and the registration expenses payable to a registration officer shall include any expenses properly incurred by him by virtue of this subsection.

(6) Where a county court judge appoints a person to act as his deputy, and the Lord Chancellor on the representation of the judge is satisfied that the judge would otherwise have been unable, owing to the necessity of dealing with appeals under this section, to transact the business of his court with proper despatch, there shall be paid to the deputy out of moneys provided by Parliament such remuneration as the Lord Chancellor, with the approval of the Treasury, thinks fit to allow.

(7) This section shall apply in relation to decisions on claims and objections with respect to any corrupt and illegal practices list as it applies in relation to the decisions mentioned in subsection (1) but as if a reference to that list were included in the reference to the electors lists and with any other prescribed modifications.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(8) This section shall apply to Scotland subject to the following modifications: —

(a) subsections (2) and (6) shall be omitted;

(b) an appeal shall lie on any point of law from any decision of the sheriff under this section to the court of three judges constituted under the next following subsection; and

(c) for any reference to the Court of Appeal there shall be

substituted a reference to the said court of three judges.

(9) The court for hearing appeals under paragraph ( ) of the last foregoing subsection shall consist of three judges of the Court of Session who shall be appointed by the Court of Session by act of sederunt and of whom one judge shall be appointed from each division of the Inner House and one from the Lords Ordinary in the Outer House; and the principal Clerk of Session shall be the clerk of the court.

(10) The Court of Session may by act of sederunt fill any vacancy in the court of three judges, and regulate its sittings and forms of process so as to carry out the provisions of this Act; and acts of sederunt under this section may be made, and the court of three judges may sit, either during the sitting of the Court of Session or in vacation or recess.

(11) Subsections (2), (4) and (6) of this section shall not apply in Northern Ireland, but—

(a) any decision of a county court upon a point of law

under subsection (1) of this section shall be appeal-able in the same way and subject to the same provisions as a corresponding decision under the law relating to the registration of electors for elections of members to sit in the House of Commons of Northern Ireland, and the reference in subsection (3) of this section to the Court of Appeal shall be construed accordingly; and

(b) any provision of the said law relating to the appoint-

ment of assistants to judges of county courts by reason of pressure of business due to appeals thereunder, and any power to make rules of court with respect to those appeals, shall apply to appeals under this section.

46.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the expression " member of the forces" means a person serving on full pay as a member of any of the naval, military or air forces of the Crown raised in the United Kingdom:

Provided that the expression shall not include a person serving only as a member of a reserve or auxiliary force except in so far as regulations provide that it shall include persons so serving during a period of emergency.

1119

Part I —cont.

Supplemental provisions as to members of the forces and service voters.

1120

Ch. 68

Part I —coni.

Personation.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) The reference in the foregoing subsection to the naval, military or air forces of the Crown shall include any women’s force administered by the Admiralty. Army Council or Air Council.

(3) Where a person is not a member of the forces as defined by the foregoing provisions of this section but is, in the performance of his duty as a member of any of His Majesty’s reserve or auxiliary forces, absent on the qualifying date from an address at which he has been residing, any question arising under subsection (2) of section four of this Act whether his residence at that address has been interrupted on that date by his absence in the performance of that duty shall be determined as if the performance thereof did not prevent his resuming actual residence at any time after that date.

(4) Arrangements shall be made by the appropriate government department for securing that {so far as circumstances permit) every person having a service qualification by virtue of paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) of section ten of this Act shall—

(a) have an effective opportunity of exercising from time

to time as occasion may require the rights conferred on him by this Act in relation to the making and cancellation of service declarations and of appointments of a proxy, and in relation to voting by post; and

(b) receive such instructions as to the effect of this Act and

any regulations made under it, and such other assistance, as may be reasonably sufficient in connection with the exercise by him and, in the case of a man, by his wife of any rights conferred on them as aforesaid:

Provided that the arrangements need not extend to members of the forces who are for the time being under the age of twenty-one and will in the ordinary course cease to be members of the forces before attaining that age.

(5) In the last foregoing subsection the expression " the appropriate government department " means, in relation to members of the forces, the Admiralty, Army Council or Air Council, as the case requires, and in relation to any other person means the government department under which he is employed in the employment giving the service qualification.

Offences

47.—(1) A person shall be guilty of a corrupt practice if he commits, or aids, abets, counsels or procures the commission of the offence of personation.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(2) A person shall be deemed to be guilty of personation at a parliamentary or local government election if he—

(a) votes in person or by post as some other person, whether as an elector or as proxy, and whether that other person is living or dead or is a fictitious person; or

(b) votes in person or by post as proxy—

(i) for a person whom he knows or has reasonable grounds for supposing to be dead or to be a fictitious person; or

(ii) when he knows or has reasonable grounds for supposing that his appointment as proxy is no longer in force.

(3) For the purposes of this section, a person who has applied for a ballot paper for the purpose of voting in person or who has marked, whether validly or not, and returned a ballot paper issued for the purpose of voting by post, shall be deemed to have voted.

48.—(1) A person shall be guilty of an offence if— Other voting

(a) he votes in person or by post, whether as an elector or ° cnces’

as proxy, or applies to be treated as an absent voter or to vote by post as proxy, at a parliamentary or local government election, knowing that he is subject to a legal incapacity to vote; or

(b) he applies for the appointment of a proxy to vote for

him at parliamentary or local government elections, knowing that he or the person to be appointed is subject to a legal incapacity to vote; or

(c) he votes, whether in person or by post, or applies to

vote by post, as proxy for some other person at a parliamentary or local government election, knowing that that person is subject to a legal incapacity to vote:

Provided that a person shall not be guilty of an offence under .paragraph (b) of this subsection by reason only of his applying as a service voter, while not of full age, for the appointment of a proxy.

(2) A person shall be guilty of an offence if—

(a) he votes as elector otherwise than by proxy either—

(i) more than once in the same constituency at any parliamentary election, or more than once in the same electoral area at any local government election; or

(ii) in more than one constituency at a general election, or in more than one electoral area at an ordinary election of councillors for a local government area which is not a single electoral area; or

1121

Part I

—cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(iii) in any constituency at a general election, or in any electoral area at such an ordinary election as aforesaid, when there is in force an appointment of a person to vote as his proxy at the election in some other constituency or electoral area; or

he votes as elector in person at a parliamentary or local government election at which he is entitled to vote as an absent voter;

he votes as elector in person at a parliamentary or local government election for which he is registered as a service voter, knowing that a person appointed to vote as his proxy at the election either has already voted in person thereat or is entitled to vote by post thereat; or

(d) not being a service voter, he applies for a person to be appointed as his proxy to vote for him at parliamentary elections without applying for the cancellation of a previous appointment of a third person then in force or without withdrawing a pending application for such an appointment.

(3) A person shall be guilty of an offence if—

(a) he votes as proxy for the same elector either—

(i) more than once in the same constituency at any parliamentary election, or more than once in the same electoral area at any local government election; or

(ii) in more than one constituency at a general election, or in more than one electoral area at an ordinary election of councillors for a local government area which is not a single electoral area; or

(b) he votes in person as proxy for an elector at a parliamentary or local government election at which he is entitled to vote by post as proxy for that elector; or

(c) he votes in person as proxy for an elector registered as

a service voter at a parliamentary or local government election knowing that the elector has already voted in person thereat or is entitled to vote by post thereat.

(4) A person shall also be guilty of an offence if he votes at a parliamentary election in any constituency as proxy for more than two persons of whom he is not the husband, wife, parent, grandparent, brother, sister, child or grandchild.

(5) A person shall also be guilty of an offence if he knowingly induces or procures some other person to do an act which is, or but for that other person’s want of knowledge would be, an offence in that other person under the foregoing subsections of this section.

1122 Ch. 68

Part I

—cont.

(b)

(c)

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1123

(6) For the purposes of this section a person who has applied Part I for a ballot paper for the purpose of voting in person, or who

has marked, whether validly or not, and returned a ballot paper issued for the purpose of voting by post, shall be deemed to have voted:

Provided that for the purpose of determining whether an application for a ballot paper constitutes an offence under subsection (4) of this section, a previous application made in circumstances which entitle the applicant only to mark a tendered ballot paper shall, if he does not exercise that right, be disregarded.

(7) An offence under this section shall be an illegal practice:

Provided that—

(a) the court before whom a person is convicted of any

such offence may, if they think it just in the special circumstances of the case, mitigate or entirely remit any incapacity imposed by virtue of section one hundred and fifty-one of this Act; and

(b) a candidate shall not be liable, nor shall his election

be avoided, for an illegal practice under this section of any agent of his other than an offence under subsection (5).

49.—(1) Any person who— Offences in

(i) when he is not authorised so to do by declarations, subsection (2) of section ten of this Act; or

(ii) except as permitted by this Act, when he knows that he is subject to a legal incapacity to vote; or

(iii) when he knows that it contains a statement

which is false; or

(b) attests a service declaration when he knows that he is not authorised to do so or that it contains a false statement as to any particulars required by regulations under the said section ten;

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both, or on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both.

(2) Where the declaration is available only for local government elections the reference in the foregoing subsection to a legal incapacity to vote shall refer to a legal incapacity to vote at local government elections.

(a) makes a service declaration-

connection with service

1124

Ch. 68

Part I —cont. Breaches of official duty in connection with parliamentary elections.

Breaches of official duty in connection with local government elections.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

50. —(1) If any person to whom this section applies, or who is for the time being under a duty to discharge as deputy or otherwise any of the functions of such a person, is, without reasonable cause, guilty of any act or omission in breach of his official duty, then, subject to subsection (4) of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2) No person to whom this section applies shall be liable for breach of his official duty to any penalty at common law or under any enactment other than section fifty-two, section fifty-three or subsection (1) of section eighty-six of this Act, nor shall any action for damages lie in respect of the breach by any such person of his official duty.

(3) The persons to whom this section applies are the Clerk of the Crown, any sheriff clerk, any registration officer, returning officer, presiding officer or clerk or assistant employed by such an officer, in connection with his official duties and any postmaster; and the expression " official duty " shall for the purposes of this section be construed accordingly, but shall not include duties imposed otherwise than by the law relating to parliamentary elections or the registration of parliamentary electors.

In this subsection in its application to Northern Ireland the reference to the Clerk of the Crown shall be taken as a reference to the Clerk of the Crown for Northern Ireland.

(4) Nothing in this section shall impose liability to summary prosecution on a returning officer for a parliamentary election in Scotland or on any person under a duty to discharge the functions of such a returning officer.

51. —(1) If any person to whom this section applies, or who is for the time being under a duty to discharge as deputy or otherwise any of the functions of such a person, is, without reasonable cause, guilty of any act or omission in breach of his official duty, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2) No person to whom this section applies shall be liable for breach of his official duty to any penalty at common law, nor shall any action for damages lie in respect of the breach by any such person of his official duty.

(3) The persons to whom this section applies are—

(a) any registration officer or person whose duty it is to prepare a corrupt and illegal practices list under subsection (2) of section forty of this Act or clerk or assistant employed by him in connection with his official duties;

1949

Representation of the People

Act; 1949

Ch. 68

1125

(b) any person whose duty it is to act as returning officer part I

at or to take part in the conduct of a local government —com.

election or to be responsible after a local government election for the used ballot papers and other documents (including returns and declarations as to expenses);

and the expression " official duty " shall for the purposes of this section be construed accordingly but shall not include duties imposed otherwise than by the law relating to local government elections or the registration of local government electors.

52.—(1) A person shall be guilty of an offence, if, at a Tampering

parliamentary or local government election he— with.

nomination

(a) fraudulently defaces or fraudulently destroys any papers, ballot

nomination paper; or papers, etc.

(b) fraudulently defaces or fraudulently destroys any ballot

paper, or the official mark on any ballot paper, or any declaration of identity or official envelope used in connection with voting by post; or

(c) without due authority supplies any ballot paper to any

person; or

(d) fraudulently puts into any ballot box any paper other

than the ballot paper which he is authorised by law to put in; or

(e) fraudulently takes out of the polling station any ballot

paper; or

(/) without due authority destroys, takes, opens or otherwise interferes with any ballot box or packet of ballot papers then in use for the purposes of the election; or

ig) fraudulently or without due authority, as the case may be, attempts to do any of the foregoing acts.

(2) In Scotland, a person shall be guilty of an offence if,—

(a) at a parliamentary or local government election, he

forges any nomination paper, delivers to the returning officer or, in the case of an election of town councillors, to the town clerk, any nomination paper knowing it to be forged, or forges or counterfeits any ballot paper or the official mark on any ballot paper; or

(b) at a local government election, he signs any nomination

paper as candidate or proposer or as a solicitor on behalf of a candidate, knowing any of the statements contained therein to be false; or

(c) he fraudulently or without due authority, as the case

may be, attempts to do any of the foregoing acts.

1126 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Part I (3) A person guilty of an offence under this section at a parlia-—cont. mentary election shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and liable—

(a) if he is a returning officer, a presiding officer or clerk in attendance at a polling station, or a clerk in attendance at the proceedings in connection with the issue of or receipt of postal ballot papers, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years;

(b) if he is any other person, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

(4) If, at a local government election in England or Wales, a person is guilty of any offence specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, or of any attempt to commit such offence, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both.

(5) A person guilty of an offence under this section at a local government election (other than an offence punishable under the last foregoing subsection) shall—

(a) if he is a returning officer, a presiding officer or clerk

appointed to assist in taking the poll or counting the votes or a clerk appointed to assist at the proceedings in connection with the issue or receipt of postal ballot papers, be liable, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years;

(b) if he is any other person, be liable, on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or in Scotland fifty pounds, or to both.

Requirement 53.—(1) The following persons, that is to say—

of secrecy. (<j) every returning officer and every presiding officer or

clerk attending at a polling station;

(b) every candidate or election agent or polling agent so attending;

shall maintain and aid in maintaining the secrecy of voting and shall not, except for some purpose authorised by law, communicate to any person before the poll is closed any information as to—

(i) the name of any elector or proxy for an elector who has

or has not applied for a ballot paper or voted at a polling station;

(ii) the number on the register of electors of any elector who,

or whose proxy, has or has not applied for a ballot paper or voted at a polling station; or

(iii) the official mark.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1127

Act, 1949

(2) Every person attending at the counting of the votes shall part I

maintain and aid in maintaining the secrecy of voting and shall —cont.

not—

(a) ascertain or attempt to ascertain at the counting of the

votes the number on the back of any ballot paper;

(b) communicate any information obtained at the counting of the votes as to the candidate for whom any vote is given on any particular ballot paper.

(3) No person whosoever shall—

. (a) interfere with or attempt to interfere with a voter when recording his vote;

(b) otherwise obtain or attempt to obtain in a polling station

information as to the candidate for whom a voter in that station is about to vote or has voted;

(c) communicate at any time to any person any information

obtained in a polling station as to the candidate for whom a voter in that station is about to vote or has voted, or as to the number on the back of the ballot paper given to a voter at that station;

(d) directly or indirectly induce a voter to display his ballot

paper after he has marked it so as to make known to any person the name of the candidate for whom he has or has not voted.

(4) Every person attending the proceedings in connection with the issue or the receipt of ballot papers for persons voting by post shall maintain and aid in maintaining the secrecy of the voting and shall not—

(a) except for some purpose authorised by law, communi-

cate, before the poll is closed, to any person any information obtained at those proceedings as to the official mark; or

(b) except for some purpose authorised by law, communicate to any person at any time any information obtained at those proceedings as to the number on the back of the ballot paper sent to any person; or

(c) except for some purpose authorised by law, attempt to

ascertain at the proceedings in connection with the receipt of ballot papers the number on the back of any ballot paper; or id) attempt to ascertain at the proceedings in connection with the receipt of the ballot papers die candidate for whom any vote is given in any particular ballot paper or communicate any information with respect thereto obtained at those proceedings.

(5) No person having undertaken to assist a blind voter to vote shall communicate at any time to any person any information as to the candidate for whom that voter intends to vote or has voted, or as to the number on the back of the ballot paper given for the use of that voter.

1128

Ch. 68

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part 1 (6) If any person acts in contravention of this section he shall

—cont. be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

Provisions in Part I applying to other local elections

Provisions in 54. Sections thirty-seven and fifty-one of this Act shall have

Part I applying effect as if any reference therein to a local government election

to other local included a reference to any other election under the local govern-elections. ment Act-

Part II The Election Campaign The Election Agent

Appointment 55.—(1) Not later than the latest time for the delivery of

of election notices of withdrawals for an election, a person shall be named

agent. by or on behalf of each candidate as the candidate’s election

agent, and the name and address of the candidate’s election agent shall be declared in writing by the candidate or some other person on his behalf to the appropriate officer not later than that time.

(2) A candidate may name himself as election agent, and thereupon shall, so far as circumstances admit, be subject to the provisions of this Act both as a candidate and as an election agent, and, except where the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to an election agent shall be construed to refer to the candidate acting in his capacity of election agent.

(3) One election agent only shall be appointed for each candidate, but the appointment, whether the election agent appointed be the candidate himself or not, may be revoked.

(4) If whether before, during or after the election the appointment of an election agent is revoked or an election agent dies, another election agent shall be appointed forthwith and his name and address declared in writing to the appropriate officer.

(5) Upon the name and address of an election agent being declared to the appropriate officer, the appropriate officer shall forthwith give public notice of that name and address.

(6) In this Part of this Act the expression " appropriate officer " means—

(a) in relation to a parliamentary election, the returning officer;

(b) in relation to a local government election in England or

Wales, the clerk of the authority for which the election is held;

(c) in relation to a local government election in Scotland,

such officer as may be prescribed by the Court of Session by Act of Sederunt.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1129

56. —(1) In the case of a parliamentary election for a county constituency an election agent of a candidate may appoint one deputy election agent (in this Act referred to as a sub-agent) to act within each polling district and no more.

(2) As regards matters in a polling district the election agent may act by the sub-agent for that district, and anything done for the purposes of this Act by or to the sub-agent in his district shall be deemed to be done by or to the election agent, and any act or default of a sub-agent which, if he were the election agent, would be an illegal practice or other offence against this Act shall be an illegal practice and offence against this Act committed by the sub-agent, and the sub-agent shall be liable to punishment accordingly; and the candidate shall suffer the like incapacity as if the said act or default had been the act or default of the election agent.

(3) One clear day before the day of the poll, the election agent shall declare in writing the name and address of every sub-agent to the appropriate officer, and the appropriate officer shall forthwith give public notice of the name and address of every sub-agent so declared.

(4) The appointment of a sub-agent shall not be vacated by the election agent who appointed him ceasing to be election agent, but may be revoked by the election agent for the time being of the candidate, and in the event of the revocation of the appointment or of the death of a sub-agent another sub-agent may be appointed, and his name and address shall be forthwith declared in writing to the appropriate officer, who shall forthwith give public notice of the name and address so declared.

57. —(1) Every election agent and every sub-agent shall have an office to which all claims, notices, writs, summons and documents may be sent, and the address of the office shall be declared at the same time as the appointment of the agent to the appropriate officer, and shall be stated in the public notice of the name of the agent.

(2) The office of the election agent shall, if for a parliamentary election, be within the constituency and, if for a local government election, within the local government area or in either case within any county of a city or town adjoining to the constituency or area and the office of a sub-agent shall be within his polling district or within any county of a city or town adjoining thereto.

(3) Any claim, notice, writ, summons or document delivered at the office of the election agent or sub-agent and addressed to him, shall be deemed to have been served on him and every election agent or sub-agent may in respect of any matter connected with the election in which he is acting be sued in any court having jurisdiction at the place where his office is situate.

2 P

Part II

—cont.

Nomination of sub-agent at

parliamentary

elections.

Office of election agent and sub-agent

1130

Part II

—cont. Effect of default in appointment of election agent.

Elections where election agent not required.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

58, —(1) If no person’s name and address is given as required by section fifty-five of this Act as the election agent of a candidate who remains validly nominated at the latest time for delivery of notices of withdrawals, the candidate shall be deemed at that time to have named himself as election agent and to have revoked any appointment of another person as his election agent.

(2) If the person whose name and address have been so given as those of the candidate’s election agent (not being the candidate himself) dies and a new appointment is not made on the day of the death or on the following day, the candidate shall be deemed to have appointed himself as from the time of the death.

(3) If the appointment of a candidate’s election agent is revoked without a new appointment being made, the candidate himself shall be deemed to have been appointed (or re-appointed) election agent.

(4) Where a candidate is by virtue of this section to be treated as his own election agent, he shall be deemed to have his office at his address as given in the statement as to persons nominated or, if that address is not in the constituency or local government area or in a county of a city or town adjoining thereto, at the qualifying address of the person (or first person) named in that statement as his proposer.

(5) The appropriate officer on being satisfied that a candidate is by virtue of this section to be treated as his own election agent, shall forthwith proceed to publish the like notice as if the name and address of the candidate and the address of his office had been duly given to him under sections fifty-five and fifty-seven of this Act.

(6) This section shall have effect in its application to a local government election in Scotland as if for subsection (4) there were substituted the following subsection—

" (4) Where a candidate is by virtue of this section to be treated as his own election agent, he shall be deemed to have his office at his address as given in his nomination paper or papers or if that address is not in the local government area or in a county of a city or town adjoining thereto, at the address of the person named as the proposer of the candidate in the nomination paper first delivered in which the address of the proposer is in the local government area."

59. A candidate at an election in England or Wales of parish councillors, or at any election under the local government Act which is not a local government election, need not have an election agent; and accordingly the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall not apply to those elections.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1131

Act, 1949

Election expenses Part II

60.—(1) The election agent of a candidate shall appoint every Making of polling agent, clerk and messenger employed for payment on contracts behalf of the candidate at an election, and hire every committee through room hired on behalf of the candidate. election agent.

(2) A contract whereby any election expenses are incurred shall not be enforceable against a candidate at the election unless made by the candidate himself or by his election agent:

Provided that this subsection shall not relieve the candidate from the consequences of any corrupt or illegal practice having been committed by his agent.

(3) The references in this section to an election agent shall, in relation to a parliamentary election where sub-agents are allowed, be taken as references to the election agent acting by himself or a sub-agent.

61.—(1) Except as permitted by the next following section. Payment of or in pursuance of section sixty six or sixty-seven of this Act, expenses no payment and no advance or deposit shall be made by a SeSiSaaent candidate or by any agent on behalf of the candidate or by any other person at any time in respect of election expenses otherwise than by or through the election agent of the candidate.

(2) Every payment made by an election agent in respect of any election expenses shall, except where less than forty shillings, be vouched for by a bill stating the particulars and by a receipt.

(3) The references in the foregoing provisions of this section to an election agent shall, in relation to a parliamentary election where sub-agents are allowed, be taken as references to the election agent acting by himself or a sub-agent.

(4) All money provided by any person other than the candidate for any election expenses, whether as gift, loan, advance or deposit, shall be paid to the candidate or his election agent and not otherwise.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not be deemed to apply to any sum disbursed by any person out of his own money for any small expense legally incurred by him if the sum is not repaid to him.

(6) A person who makes any payment, advance or deposit in contravention of subsection (1) of this section, or pays in contravention of subsection (4) of this section any money so provided as aforesaid, shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

2 P 2

1132

Part n —cont. Personal expenses of candidate and petty expenses.

Prohibition of expenses not authorised by election agent.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

62. —(1) The candidate at an election may pay any personal expenses incurred by him on account of or in connection with or incidental to the election:

Provided that the amount which a candidate at a parliamentary election may pay shall not exceed one hundred pounds, and any further personal expenses so incurred by him shall be paid by his election agent.

(2) The candidate shall send to his election agent within the time limited by this Act for sending in claims a written statement of the amount of personal expenses paid as aforesaid by the candidate.

(3) Any person may, if so authorised in writing by the election agent of the candidate, pay any necessary expenses for stationery, postage, telegrams and other petty expenses, to a total amount not exceeding that named in the authority, but any excess above the total amount so named shall be paid by the election agent.

(4) A statement of the particulars of payments made by any person so authorised shall be sent to the election agent within the time limited by this Act for sending in claims, and shall be vouched for by a bill containing the receipt of that person.

63. —(1) No expenses shall, with a view to promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at an election, be incurred by any person other than the candidate, his election agent and persons authorised in writing by the election agent on account—

(a) of holding public meetings or organising any public display; or

(b) of issuing advertisements, circulars or publications; or

(c) of otherwise presenting to the electors the candidate or

his views or the extent or nature of his backing or disparaging another candidate:

Provided that paragraph (c) of this subsection shall not—

(i) restrict the publication of any matter relating to the

election in a newspaper or other periodical; or

(ii) apply to any expenses not exceeding in the aggregate

the sum of ten shillings which may be incurred by an individual and are not incurred in pursuance of a plan suggested by or concerted with others, or to expenses incurred by any person in travelling or in living away from home or similar personal expenses.

(2) Where a person incurs any expenses required by this section to be authorised by the election agent, that person shall within fourteen days after the date of publication of the result of the election send to the appropriate officer a return of the amount of those expenses, stating the election at which and the candidate in whose support they were incurred, and

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1133

the return shall be accompanied by a declaration made by the said person (or in the case of an association or body of persons, by a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer thereof) verifying the return and giving particulars of the matters for which the expenses were incurred:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any person engaged or employed for payment or promise of payment by the candidate or his election agent.

(3) The return and declaration under the foregoing provisions of this section shall be in the prescribed form, and the authority received from the election agent shall be annexed to and deemed to form part of the return.

(4) A copy of every return and declaration made under subsection (2) of this section in relation to a parliamentary election in England, Wales or Northern Ireland shall be sent to the Clerk of the Crown within fourteen days after the date of publication of the result of the election by the person making the return or declaration, and rule 58 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply to any documents sent to the Clerk of the Crown under this subsection.

In this subsection references to the Clerk of the Crown shall in relation to an election in Northern Ireland be taken as references to the Clerk of the Crown for Northern Ireland.

(5) If any person incurs, or aids, abets, counsels or procures any other person to incur, any expenses in contravention of this section, or knowingly makes the declaration required by subsection (2) thereof falsely, he shall be guilty of a corrupt practice, and if a person fails to send any declaration or return or a copy thereof as required by this section he shall be guilty of an illegal practice:

Provided that—

(a) the court before whom a person is convicted under

this subsection may, if they think it just in the special circumstances of the case, mitigate or entirely remit any incapacity imposed by virtue of section one hundred and fifty-one of this Act; and

(b) a candidate shall not be liable, nor shall his election be avoided, for a corrupt or illegal practice under this subsection committed by an agent without his consent or connivance.

(6) Where any act or omission of an association or body of persons, corporate or unincorporated, is an offence declared to be a corrupt or illegal practice by this section, any person who at the time of the act or omission was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the association or body, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence, unless he proves that the

Part II

—cont.

1134

Part II

—cont.

Limitation of election expenses.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

act or omission took place without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

64.—(1) No sum shall be paid and no expense shall be incurred by a candidate at an election or his election agent, whether before, during or after an election, on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the election, in excess of the maximum amount specified in this section, and a candidate or election agent knowingly acting in contravention of this subsection shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(2) The said maximum amount is—

(a) for a candidate at a parliamentary election in a county

constituency in Great Britain, four hundred and fifty pounds together with an additional twopence for each entry in the register of electors to be used at the election;

(b) for a candidate at a parliamentary election in a borough

constituency in Great Britain, four hundred and fifty pounds together with an additional one penny halfpenny for each such entry as aforesaid;

(c) for a candidate at a parliamentary election in any con-

stituency in Northern Ireland, twopence for each such entry as aforesaid;

(d) for a candidate at a local government election, twenty-

five pounds, and if the number of entries in the register of local government electors to be used at the election exceeds five hundred, an additional twopence for each entry above the first five hundred entries.

(3) If the register to be used at the election is not published before the day of publication of the notice of election then for any reference in the last foregoing subsection to an entry in that register there shall be substituted a reference to an entry in the electors lists therefor as first published which gives the name of a person appearing from those lists to be entitled to be registered.

(4) The said maximum amount for a candidate at a parliamentary election shall not be required to cover the candidate’s personal expenses.

(5) The said maximum amount for a candidate at a parliamentary election in Northern Ireland shall not be required to cover (to an amount not exceeding in the case of an election in a county constituency, seventy-five pounds, and, in the case of an election in a borough constituency, fifty pounds) the fee, if any, paid to his election agent.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1135

65.—(1) Where there are two or more joint candidates at a Part II local government election, the maximum amount mentioned in —cont. the last foregoing section shall, for each of those joint candi- Limit where dates, be reduced by one-fourth or, if there are more than two there are joint joint candidates, by one-third. SatoSu*

(2) Where two or more candidates appoint the same election agent or by themselves or any agent or agents—

(a) employ or use the services of the same polling agents,

clerks or messengers at the election; or

(b) hire or use the same committee rooms for the election;

or

(c) publish a joint address or joint circular or notice at the election,

those candidates shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to be joint candidates:

Provided that—

(i) the employment and use of the same polling agent, clerk, messenger or committee room, if accidental or casual, or of a trivial and unimportant character, shall not be deemed of itself to constitute persons joint candidates;

<ii) nothing in this subsection shall prevent candidates from ceasing to be joint candidates.

(3) Whereto) any excess of expenses above the maximum allowed for one of two or more joint candidates has arisen owing to his having ceased to be a joint candidate, or to his having become a joint candidate after having begun to conduct his election as a separate candidate;

(b) the change was made in good faith;

(c) the excess is not more than under the circumstances is

reasonable; and

(d) the total election expenses of the candidate do not exceed the maximum amount allowed for a separate candidate,

the excess shall be deemed to have arisen from a reasonable cause for the purposes of section one hundred and forty-five of this Act

66.—(1) Every claim against a candidate or his election agent Time for in respect of election expenses which is not sent in to the election ^"ding m agent within fourteen days after the day on which the result of claims?8 the election is declared shall be barred and not paid.

(2) All election expenses shall be paid within twenty-eight days after the said day.

1136 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Part II (3) An election agent who pays a claim in contravention of —com. subsection (1) or makes a payment in contravention of subsection (2) of this section shall be guilty of an illegal practice:

Provided that where the election court reports that it has been proved to the court by the candidate that any payment was made by an election agent without the sanction or connivance of the candidate, the election of the candidate shall not be void, nor shall he be subject to any incapacity under this Act by reason only of that payment having been made in contravention of this section.

(4) The claimant or the candidate or his election agent may apply to the High Court or to the county court for leave to pay a claim for any election expenses, although sent in after the said period of fourteen days or although sent in to the candidate and not to the election agent, and the court on cause shown to their satisfaction may by order grant the leave:

Provided that in relation to an application in respect of expenses for a local government election in Scotland the reference in this subsection to the High Court shall be omitted.

(5) Any sum specified in the order of leave may be paid by the candidate or his election agent and when paid in pursuance of the leave shall not be deemed to be in contravention of subsection (2) of this section.

(6) Except in Scotland, the jurisdiction vested by subsection (4) of this section in the High Court in matters relating to parliamentary elections shall, subject to rules of court, be exercised by one of the judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions, sitting either in court or at chambers, or by a master of the Supreme Court in manner directed by and subject to an appeal to the said judges.

The reference in this subsection to rules of court shall not include a reference to rules made before the passing of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

(7) The jurisdiction vested by subsection (4) of this section in a county court may, save in Northern Ireland, be exercised otherwise than in open court and, in Northern Ireland, shall be exercised in such manner as may be provided by rules of court.

An appeal shall lie to the High Court from any order of a county court made by virtue of the said subsection (4).

Disputed 67.—(1) If the election agent disputes any claim sent in to

claims. him within the period of fourteen days mentioned in the last

foregoing section or refuses or fails to pay the claim within the period of twenty-eight days so mentioned, the claim shall be deemed to be a disputed claim.

(2) The claimant may, if he thinks fit, bring an action for a disputed claim in any competent court, and any sum paid by the candidate or his agent in pursuance of the judgment or order of

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

the court shall not be deemed to be in contravention of subsection (1) of section sixty-one of this Act or of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section.

(3) If the defendant in the action admits his liability but disputes the amount of the claim, the said amount shall, unless the court on the application of the plaintiff otherwise directs, be forthwith referred for taxation to the master, official referee, registrar or other proper officer of the court and the amount found due on the taxation shall be the amount to be recovered in the action in respect of the claim.

(4) Subsections (4), (5), (6) and (7) of the last foregoing section shall apply in relation to a disputed claim as they apply in relation to a claim for election expenses sent in after the said period of fourteen days.

68. So far as circumstances admit, this Act shall apply to a Claim by claim for his remuneration by an election agent and to the pay- elect*00 eminent thereof in like manner as if he were any other creditor,

and if any difference arises respecting the amount of the claim, the claim shall be a disputed claim within the meaning of this Act and be dealt with accordingly.

69. —(1) Within thirty-five days after the day on which the Return as to result of the election is declared, the election agent of every election candidate at the election shall transmit to the appropriate officer expenses.

a true return in the form set out in the Fifth Schedule to this Act, or to the like effect, containing as respects that candidate a statement of all payments made by the election agent together with all the bills and receipts.

(2) The return shall deal under a separate heading or subheading with any expenses included therein—

(a) as respects which a return is required to be made under

subsection (2) of section sixty-three of this Act; or

(b) which are on account of the remuneration or expenses

of speakers at public meetings.

(3) The return shall also contain as respects that candidate—

(a) a statement of the amount of personal expenses, if any,

paid by the candidate;

(b) a statement of all disputed claims of which the election

agent is aware;

(c) a statement of all the unpaid claims, if any, of which the election agent is aware, in respect of which application has been or is about to be made to the High Court or county court;

(d) a statement of all money, securities and equivalent of money received by the election agent from the candidate or any other person for the purposes of election expenses incurred or to be incurred, with a statement of the name of every person from whom they may have been received.

2 P *

1137

Part II —cont.

1138

Part II

—cont.

Declarations as to election expenses.

Cases at parliamentary elections where return and declarations are not needed.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(4) Where the candidate is his own election agent, a statement of all money, securities and equivalent of money paid by the candidate shall be substituted in the return as to election expenses for the statement of money, securities and equivalent of money received by the election agent from the candidate.

(5) Where after the date at which the return as to election expenses is transmitted, leave is given by the court under sub-section (4) of section sixty-six of this Act for any claims to be paid, the candidate or his election agent shall, within seven days after the payment thereof, transmit to the appropriate officer a return of the sums paid in pursuance of the leave, accompanied by a copy of the order of the court giving the leave; and in default he shall be deemed to have failed to comply with the requirements of this section without such authorised excuse as is mentioned in section seventy-four of this Act.

70. —(1) The return transmitted under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section shall be accompanied by a declaration made by the election agent before a justice of the peace in the form in the Fifth Schedule to this Act.

(2) At the same time that the election agent transmits the said return, or within seven days afterwards, the candidate shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the appropriate officer a declaration made by him before a justice of the peace in the form in the said Schedule:

Provided that where the candidate is out of the United Kingdom when the return is so transmitted, the declaration required by this subsection may be made by him within fourteen days after his return to the United Kingdom, and in that case shall be forthwith transmitted to the appropriate officer, but the delay hereby authorised in making the declaration shall not exonerate the election agent from complying with the provisions of this Act as to the return and declaration as to election expenses.

(3) Where the candidate is his own election agent, the declaration by an election agent as to election expenses need not be made and the declaration by the candidate as to election expenses shall be modified as specified in the form in the said Schedule.

(4) If a candidate or election agent knowingly makes the declaration required by this section falsely, he shall be guilty of a corrupt practice.

71. Notwithstanding anything in the last two foregoing sections, no return or declaration as to election expenses shall be required in the case of a person—

(a) who is a candidate at a parliamentary election, but is

so only because he has been declared by others to be a candidate; and

(b) who has not consented to the declaration or taken any

part as a candidate in the election.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1139

72. Subject to the provisions of section seventy-four of this Part II

Act, if a candidate or election agent fails to comply with the —con/,

requirements of section sixty-nine or seventy of this Act he shall Punishment be guilty of an illegal practice.

or declarations.

73.—(1) If, in the case of any candidate, the return and Penalty for declarations as to election expenses are not transmitted before sitting or the expiration of the time limited for the purpose, that candidate ^ter shall not, after the expiration of that time, sit or vote in the transmit House of Commons as member for the constituency for which return and the election was held until either the said return and declarations declarations, have been transmitted or until the date of the allowance of an authorised excuse for the failure to transmit the said return and declarations, and if he sits or votes in contravention of this subsection he shall forfeit one hundred pounds for every day on which he so sits or votes.

(2) In the application of the foregoing subsection to a candidate at a local government election—

(a) the reference to sitting or voting in the House of Commons for the constituency for which the election was held shall be taken as a reference to sitting or voting in the council for the local government area for which the election was held; and ,

(b) fifty pounds shall be substituted for one hundred pounds and, instead of civil proceedings for a penalty, summary proceedings may be instituted in a court of summary jurisdiction or, in Scotland, in the sheriff court, and the person charged shall be liable, on conviction, to a fine of an amount not exceeding the amount of the penalty which would be recoverable in civil proceedings.

(3) A proceeding for an offence under this section shall be commenced within one year after the offence was committed, or if it was committed in reference to an election with respect to which an inquiry is held by election commissioners shall be commenced within one year after the offence was committed, or within three months after the report of the commissioners is made, whichever period last expires, so that it be commenced within two years after the offence was committed; and the time so limited by this subsection shall, in the case of any proceeding under 4he Summary Jurisdiction Acts, be substituted for any limitation of time contained in those Acts.

For the purposes of this subsection, the issue of a writ or other process shall be deemed to be a commencement of a proceeding, where the service or execution of the same on or against the alleged offender is prevented by the absconding or concealment or act of the alleged offender, but save as aforesaid the service

2P* 2

1140

Ch. 68

Part U

—cont.

Authorised excuses for failures as respects return and

declarations.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

or execution of the same on or against the alleged offender, and not the issue thereof, shall be deemed to be the commencement of the proceeding.

This subsection shall not apply to Scotland.

74.—(1) A candidate or his election agent may apply for relief under this section to the High Court, an election court or the county court:

Provided that in the case of a local government election in Scotland the reference in this subsection to the High Court shall be omitted.

(2) Relief under this section may be granted—

(a) to a candidate, in respect of any failure to transmit

the return and declarations as to election expenses, or any part of them, or in respect of any error or false statement therein; or

(b) to an election agent, in respect of the failure to transmit

the return and declarations which he was required to transmit, or any part of them, or in respect of any error or false statement therein.

(3) The application for relief may be made on the ground that the failure, error or false statement arose—

(a) by reason of the illness of the applicant; or

(b) where the applicant is the candidate, by reason of the

absence, death, illness or misconduct of his election agent or sub-agent or of any clerk or officer of such agent; or

(c) where the applicant is the election agent, by reason of

the death or illness of any prior election agent of the candidate, or of the absence, death, illness or misconduct of any sub-agent, clerk or officer of any election agent of the candidate; or

(i d)by reason of inadvertence or any reasonable cause of a like nature,

and not by reason of any want of good faith on the part of the applicant.

(4) The court may, after such notice of the application in the constituency or local government area, as the case may be, and on production of such evidence of the grounds stated in the application and of the good faith of the application, and otherwise, as to the court seems fit, make such order for allowing an authorised excuse for the failure, error or false statement as to the court seems just.

(5) Where it is proved to the court by the candidate that any act or omission of the election agent in relation to the return and declarations was without the sanction or connivance of the

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

candidate, and that the candidate took all reasonable means for preventing the act or omission, the court shall relieve the candidate from the consequences of the act or omission of his election agent.

(6) An order under subsection (4) of this section may make the allowance conditional on the making of the return and declaration in a modified form or within an extended time, and upon the compliance with such other terms as to the court seem best calculated for carrying into effect the objects of this Part of this Act

(7) An order under subsection (4) of this section shall relieve the applicant for the order from any liability or consequences under this Act in respect of the matter excused by the order.

(8) The date of the order, or if conditions and terms are to be complied with, the date at which the applicant fully complies with them, is referred to in this Act as the date of the allowance of the excuse.

(9) Except in Scotland, the jurisdiction vested by the foregoing provisions of this section in the High Court in matters relating to parliamentary elections shall, subject to rules of court, be exercised by one of the judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions, sitting either in court or at chambers, but shall not be exercisable by a master.

The reference in this subsection to rules of court shall not include a reference to rules made before the passing of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

(10) The jurisdiction vested by this section in a county court may, save in Northern Ireland, be exercised otherwise than in open court and, in Northern Ireland, shall be exercised in such manner as may be provided by rules of court.

An appeal shall lie to the High Court from any order of a county court made by virtue of this section.

75.—(1) Where on an application under the last foregoing Power of court section it appears to the court that any person who is or has to require been an election agent or sub-agent has refused or failed to information make such return, or to supply such particulars, as will enable °B

the candidate and his election agent respectively to comply with sub-agent, the provisions of this Act as to the return or declarations as to election expenses, the court before making an order under the said section, shall order that person to attend before the court.

(2) The court shall on the attendance of that person, unless he shows cause to the contrary, order him to make the return and declaration, or to deliver a statement of the particulars required to be contained in the return, as to the court seems just, within such time, to such person and in such manner as the court may direct, or may order him to be examined with respect to the particulars.

1141

Part II

—com.

1142

Ch. 68

Part II

—cont.

Publication of summary of return at parliamentary elections.

Inspection of returns and declarations.

Election expenses at elections where election agent not required.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(3) If a person fails to comply with any order of the court under this section, the court may order him to pay a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds.

76. At a parliamentary election the returning officer shall, within ten days after he receives from the election agent of a candidate a return as to election expenses, publish a summary of the return in not less than two newspapers circulating in the constituency for which the election was held, accompanied by a notice of the time and place at which the return and declarations (including the accompanying documents) can be inspected.

77. —(1) Any returns or declarations (including the accompanying documents) sent to the appropriate officer under sections sixty-three, sixty-nine or seventy of this Act shall be kept at the office of the appropriate officer or some convenient place appointed by him and shall at all reasonable times during two years next after they are received by him be open to inspection by any person on payment of a fee of one shilling, and the appropriate officer shall on demand furnish copies thereof or any part thereof at the price of twopence for every seventy-two words.

(2) After the expiration of the said two years the appropriate officer may cause the said returns and declarations (including the accompanying documents) to be destroyed or if the candidate or his election agent so require, shall return them to the candidate:

Provided that any returns or declarations sent under section sixty-three of this Act shall be returned not to the candidate if he or his election agent so require but to the person sending them if he so requires.

78. —(1) In relation to an election of parish councillors in England or Wales—

(a) subsection (1) of section sixty-four of this Act shall

have effect as if for the references to an election agent there were substituted references to any agent of the candidate;

(b) sections sixty to sixty-three and sixty-six to seventy-seven of this Act shall not apply, and in lieu thereof the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall have effect so, however, that the form of declaration as to election expenses shall be that prescribed by parish election rules, or to the like effect.

(2) At an election under the local government Act which is not a local government election, sections sixty to seventy-seven of this Act shall not apply, and if a candidate at that election or any person on behalf of a candidate at that election knowingly pays any sum or incurs any expense, whether before, during or after that election, on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the election he shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1143

Propaganda at parliamentary elections

79. —(1) A candidate at a parliamentary election shall, subject to regulations of the Postmaster General, be entitled to send free of any charge for postage to each elector one postal communication containing matter relating to the election only and not exceeding two ounces in weight.

(2) He shall also, subject as aforesaid, be entitled to send free of any charge for postage to each person entered in the list of proxies for the election one such communication as aforesaid for each appointment in respect of which that person is so entered.

(3) A person shall not be deemed to be a candidate for the purposes of this section unless he is shown as standing nominated in the statement of persons nominated, but until the publication of that statement any person who declares himself to be a candidate shall be entitled to exercise the right of free postage conferred by this section if he gives such security as may be required by the Postmaster General for the payment of postage should he not be shown as standing nominated as aforesaid.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the expression " elector" means a person who is registered as a parliamentary elector in the constituency in the register to be used at the election or who, pending the publication of that register, appears in the electors lists therefor as corrected by the registration officer to be entitled to be so registered.

80. —(1) No person shall, with intent to influence persons to give or refrain from giving their votes at a parliamentary election, use, or aid, abet, counsel or procure the use of, any wireless transmitting station outside the United Kingdom for the transmission of any matter having reference to the election otherwise than in pursuance of arrangements made with the British Broadcasting Corporation for it to be received and re-transmitted by that Corporation.

(2) An offence under this section shall be an illegal practice:

Provided that the court before whom a person is convicted of an offence under this section may, if they think it just in the special circumstances of the case, mitigate or entirely remit any incapacity imposed by virtue of section one hundred and fifty-one of this Act.

(3) Where any act or omission of an association or body of persons, corporate or unincorporated, is an illegal practice under this section, any person who at the time of the act or omission was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the association or body, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of the illegal practice, unless he proves that the act or omission took place without his

Part II

—cont.

Candidate’s right to send election address post free.

Use of wireless stations abroad.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the illegal practice as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

81. No person shall for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of any candidate at a parliamentary election issue any poll card or document so closely resembling an official poll card as to be calculated to deceive, and subsections (2) and (3) of the last foregoing section shall apply as if an offence under this section were an offence under that section.

Election meetings

82. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a candidate

certain schools at a parliamentary election shall be entitled for the purpose of and^US holding public meetings in furtherance of his candidature to

pSiaiSmary the use at reasonable times between the receipt of the writ and elections. the date of the poll of—

(a) a suitable room in the premises of any school to which

this section applies;

(b) any meeting room to which this section applies.

(2) This section applies—

(a) in England and Wales, to county schools and voluntary

schools of which the premises are situated in the constituency or an adjoining constituency; and

(b) in Scotland, to any school of which the premises are so

situated, not being an independent school within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946; but a candidate shall not be entitled under this section to the use of a room in school premises outside the constituency if there is a suitable room in other premises in the constituency which are reasonably accessible from the same parts of the constituency as those outside and are premises of a school to which this section applies.

(3) This section applies to meeting rooms situated in the constituency, the expense of maintaining which is payable wholly or mainly out of public funds or out of any rate, or by a body whose expenses are so payable.

(4) Where a room is used for a meeting in pursuance of the rights conferred by this section, the person by whom or on whose behalf the meeting is convened—

(a) may be required to pay for the use of the room a charge not exceeding the amount of any actual and necessary expenses incurred in preparing, warming, lighting and cleaning the room and providing attendance for the meeting and restoring the room to its usual condition after the meeting; and

1144

Part II —cont.

Imitation poll cards.

Right to use

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1145

Act, 1949

(b) shall defray any damage done to the room or the Part II

premises in which it is situated, or to the furniture, —com.

fittings or apparatus in the room or premises.

(5) A candidate shall not be entitled to exercise the rights conferred by this section except on reasonable notice; and this section shall not authorise any interference with the hours during which a room in school premises is used for educational purposes, or any interference with the use of a meeting room either for the purposes of the person maintaining it or under a prior agreement for its letting for any purpose.

(6) The provisions of the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the rights conferred by this section and the arrangements to be made for their exercise.

(7) For the purposes of this section (except those of paragraph (b) of subsection (4) thereof), the premises of a school shall not be taken to include any private dwelling house, and in this section—

(a) the expression " meeting room" means any room which

it is the practice to let for public meetings; and

(b) the expression " room " includes a hall, gallery or gymnasium.

(8) This section shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

83.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a candidate Right to use at a local government election shall be entitled for the purpose of certain schools holding public meetings in furtherance of his candidature to use *nd free of charge, at all reasonable times, during the period com- ta°I|^tmgs mencing on the day on which the notice of election is given, government and ending on the day preceding the day of election,— elections.

(a) in England or Wales, any suitable room in the premises

of a county or voluntary school situated in the electoral area for which he is a candidate, or, except in London, in a parish in part comprised in that electoral area;

(b) in Scotland, any suitable room in the premises of any

school (not being an independent school within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946) situated in the electoral area for which he is a candidate (or, if there is no such school in the area, in any such school in an adjacent electoral area) or any suitable room the expense of maintaining which is payable by a district council.

(2) Where a room is used for a meeting in pursuance of the rights conferred by this section, the person by whom or on whose behalf the meeting is convened shall defray any expense

1146

Ch. 68

Part O

—cont.

Disturbances at election meetings.

Effect on rateability of premises of holding election meeting.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

incurred by the persons having control over the room or any damage done to the school premises or to the furniture, fittings or apparatus therein.

(3) A candidate shall not be entitled to exercise rights conferred by this section except on reasonable notice; and this section shall not authorise the use of any room used as part of a private dwelling house or any interference with the hours during which the school premises are used for educational purposes.

(4) Any question arising under this section as to what is reasonable or suitable shall be determined in England or Wales by the Minister of Education and in Scotland, where the question arises in relation to a room in the premises of a school by the persons having control of the school and, in the case of a room maintained by a district council, by that council.

84. —(1) Any person who at a lawful public meeting to which this section applies acts, or incites others to act, in a disorderly manner for the purpose of preventing the transaction of the business for which the meeting was called together shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(2) This section applies to—

(a) a political meeting held in any constituency between

the date of the issue of a writ for the return of a member of Parliament for the constituency and the date at which a return to the writ is made;

(b) a meeting held with reference to a local government

election in the electoral area for that election on, or within three weeks before, the day of election.

(3) If any constable reasonably suspects any person of committing an offence under subsection (1) of this section, he may if requested so to do by the chairman of the meeting require that person to declare to him immediately his name and address and, if that person refuses or foils so to declare his name and address or gives a false name and address he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and if he refuses or fails so to declare his name and address or if the constable reasonably suspects him of giving a false name and address, the constable may without warrant arrest him.

This subsection shall not apply in Northern Ireland.

85. The use of any premises for the holding of public meetings in furtherance of any person’s candidature at a parliamentary or local government election shall not render any person liable to be rated or to pay any rate for the premises.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1147

Officials acting for candidates Part II

86. —(1) If any returning officer at a parliamentary or local offidabat government election or any officer or clerk appointed under the elections not parliamentary or local elections rules, as the case may be, or to act for any partner or clerk of any such person acts as an agent of a candidates, candidate in the conduct or management of the election, he

shall be guilty of a misdemeanour:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be taken as preventing a candidate from acting as his own election agent.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply in relation to a parliamentary election in Scotland and an offence under that subsection in relation to a local government election in Scotland shall not be tried on indictment but shall be punishable on summary conviction by a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) In Scotland a sheriff or salaried sheriff substitute acting directly or indirectly as an agent for any candidate in any matter connected with or preparatory to any election occurring within his jurisdiction, shall be guilty of misbehaviour within the meaning of section thirteen of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act,

1907.

(4) In Scotland no sheriff clerk, town clerk or town clerk depute shall, directly or indirectly, act as an agent for any candidate in any matter connected with or preparatory to any election for a constituency the whole or any part of which is in the county or burgh for which he is sheriff clerk, town clerk or town clerk depute, as the case may be.

87. —(1) No member of a police force shall by word. Penalty for message, writing or in any other manner, endeavour to il^s*! . persuade any person to give, or dissuade any person

from giving, his vote, whether as an elector or as proxy, at any parliamentary election for a constituency wholly or partly within the police area, or at any local government election for any electoral area wholly or partly within the police area, and a person acting in contravention of this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall subject a member of a police force to any penalty for anything done in the discharge of his duty as a member of the force.

(2) Where an offence under this section is committed by a member of a police force appointed for any county under the County Police Act, 1839, the County Police Act, 1840, or the County and Borough Police Act, 1856, in reference to an election of a councillor of a borough within the county or in which that person has authority, or does anything in reference to any election to a municipal office in such a borough which would be

1148

Part II —cont.

Use of motor vehicles at parliamentary elections.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

an offence if the election were to the office of borough councillor, he shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered in any court of competent jurisdiction by any person who shall sue for the same within six months after the commission of the offence; and one half of the sum recovered shall be paid to the person suing for the same and the other half to the treasurer of the county, to be by him applied for the purposes of the police of the county.

(3) In the foregoing provisions of this section references to a member of a police force and to a police area are to be taken—

(a) in relation to England, Wales and Scotland, as references to a member of a police force and to a police area within the meaning of the Police Pensions Act, 1921; and

(b) in relation to Northern Ireland, as references to a mem-

ber of the Royal Ulster Constabulary and to Northern Ireland.

Conveyance of voters to and from poll

88.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person shall not with a view to supporting or opposing the candidature of any individual as against any other or others at a parliamentary election, either let, lend or employ, or hire, borrow or use, any motor vehicle for the purpose of the conveyance of electors or their proxies to or from the poll, and a person knowingly acting in contravention of this subsection shall be guilty of an illegal practice:

Provided that—

(a) the court before whom a person is convicted under this

subsection may, if they think it just in the special circumstances of the case, mitigate or entirely remit any incapacity imposed by virtue of section one hundred and fifty-one of this Act; and

(b) a candidate shall not be liable, nor shall his election

be avoided, for an illegal practice under this subsection committed without his consent or connivance by an agent other than his election agent.

(2) Where it is shown—

(a) that a motor vehicle was employed for the purpose aforesaid; and

(b) that at the time when it was so employed there was to the knowledge of any person employing or using it for that purpose displayed on it or on a trailer drawn by it any placard, colours or other thing indicating a preference for or against any candidate at the election.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1149

it shall be presumed until the contrary is shown that the person was so employing or using it with a view to supporting or opposing the candidature of some individual as against some other or others.

(3) Nothing in this section shall—

(a) prevent any person employing a motor vehicle for the purpose of conveying to or from the poll himself or any member of the same household, or borrowing a motor vehicle from a member of the same household to be employed for that purpose; or (b) prevent a candidate at an election or some person on his behalf employing a motor vehicle for the purpose of conveying any person to or from the poll, if the conditions hereafter mentioned in this section are complied with, or borrowing a motor vehicle to be employed for that purpose from any person; or

(c) prevent a person lending or using a motor vehicle in a case in which it is lawfully borrowed or employed by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this subsection.

(4) The conditions under which a motor vehicle may be employed under paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection by or on behalf of a candidate are the following: —

(a) the motor vehicle shall be registered in the prescribed manner with the returning officer, and there shall be prominently displayed thereon a placard indicating that it is so registered;

(b) the number of motor vehicles so employed shall not exceed in a county constituency one for every fifteen hundred electors or in a borough constituency one for every twenty-five hundred electors.

(5) Regulations made with respect to the registration of motor vehicles with the returning officer under this section may make provision as to the retention, destruction and inspection of the register and the right to take or receive copies thereof, and as to the fees (if any) payable for the exercise of any right under the regulations.

(6) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression " motor vehicle" means any mechanically

propelled vehicle constructed or adapted for use on roads;

(b) the expression " member of the same household " includes a visitor spending the night before or after the day of the poll in the same dwelling house and a person employed by a member of the household at the dwelling house unless so employed exclusively for the purpose of that member’s trade, profession or business; and

Part II

—cont.

1150

Ch. 68

Part II

—corn.

Restrictions on conveyance of voters.

Supplemental provisions as to conveyance of voters.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(c) the number of electors shall be taken to be the same as the number of entries in the register or electors lists by reference to which the maximum amount of the candidate’s election expenses is determined, any residual fraction of fifteen hundred or, in a borough constituency, twenty-five hundred being treated as a complete fifteen or twenty-five hundred, as the case may be.

89. —(1) A person shall not let, lend or employ for the purpose of the conveyance of electors or their proxies to or from the poll at an election, any public stage or hackney carriage or any carriage kept or used for the purpose of letting out for hiring, and if he lets, lends or employs any such carriage, knowing that it is intended to be used for the purpose of the conveyance of electors or their proxies to or from the poll, he shall be guilty of an illegal hiring.

(2) A person shall not hire, borrow or use for the purpose of the conveyance of electors or their proxies to or from the poll at an election any carriage which he knows the owner thereof is prohibited by this section to let, lend or employ for that purpose, and if he does so he shall be guilty of an illegal hiring.

(3) If any payment or contract for payment is knowingly made, either before, during or after an election, for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate on account of the conveyance of electors or their proxies to or from the poll, whether for the hire of carriages, or for railway fares, or otherwise, the person making the payment or contract, and, if he knew it to be in contravention of this Act, any person receiving the payment or being a party to the contract shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(4) No person shall be liable to pay any duty or to take out a licence for any carriage by reason only of the carriage being used without payment or promise of payment for the conveyance of electors or their proxies to or from the poll at an election.

90. —(1) Nothing in the two last foregoing sections shall prevent a carriage being let, hired, employed or used by an elector or a proxy for an elector or several electors or proxies for electors at their joint cost, for the purpose of being conveyed to or from the poll.

(2) The provisions of subsections (1), (2) and (3) of the last foregoing section and of subsection (1) of this section shall apply in relation to horses or other animals as they apply in relation to carriages, and any reference therein to a public stage or hackney carriage shall include a reference to horses or other animals kept or used for drawing such carriages.

(3) For the purposes of this and the last foregoing section, the expression 44 carriage " includes any mechanically propelled vehicle intended or adapted for use on roads, and any vehicle

le

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1151

drawn by such a vehicle and any such vehicle as aforesaid shall be deemed to be a public stage or hackney carriage if used as such.

(4) Where the nature of a county constituency is such that any electors or proxies for electors residing therein are unable at a parliamentary election for that constituency to reach their polling place without crossing the sea or a branch or arm of the sea, nothing in this Act shall prevent the provision of means for conveying those electors or proxies by sea to their polling place.

The amount of any payment for such means of conveyance as aforesaid may be in addition to the maximum amount of expenses allowed by this Act.

(5) No restriction on the expenses to be incurred by a returning officer shall prevent a returning officer employing special steamers or boats for the purposes of a parliamentary election in any constituency in Scotland having a polling place or polling places so situated as not to be accessible except by sea; but the expenses thereby incurred shall be included in the returning officer’s account, and shall be subject to taxation.

Other illegal practices, payments, employments or hirings

91.—(1) Any person who, or any director of any body or association corporate which, before or during an election, shall, for the purpose of affecting the return of any candidate at the election, make or publish any false statement of fact in relation to the personal character or conduct of the candidate shall be guilty of an illegal practice, unless he can show that he had reasonable grounds for believing, and did believe, the statement to be true:

Provided that a candidate shall not be liable nor shall his election be avoided for any illegal practice under this subsection committed by his agent other than his election agent unless—

(a) it can be shown that the candidate or his election agent has authorised or consented to the committing of the illegal practice by the other agent or has paid for the circulation of the false statement constituting the illegal practice; or

(b) an election court find and report that the election of the candidate was procured or materially assisted in consequence of the making or publishing of such false statements.

(2) A person making or publishing any false statement of fact as aforesaid may be restrained by interim or perpetual injunction by the High Court or the county court from any repetition of that false statement or of a false statement of a similar character in relation to the candidate and, for the purpose of granting an interim injunction, prima facie proof of the falsity of the statement shall be sufficient.

Part n

—com.

False

statements as to candidates.

1152

Part II —cont.

Corrupt

withdrawal

from

candidature.

Premises not to be used as committee rooms.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to or in relation to an election of councillors in Scotland.

(4) Any person who, before or during an election, knowingly publishes a false statement of the withdrawal of a candidate at the election for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of another candidate shall be guilty of an illegal practice:

Provided that a candidate shall not be liable, nor shall his election be avoided, for any illegal practice under this subsection committed by his agent other than his election agent.

(5) In the application of this section to an election where a candidate is not required to have an election agent, references to an election agent shall be omitted and the reference in the proviso to subsection (4) of this section to an illegal practice committed by an agent of the candidate shall be taken as a reference to an illegal practice committed without the knowledge and consent of the candidate.

(6) Except in Scotland, the jurisdiction vested by subsection (2) of this section in the High Court in matters relating to parliamentary elections shall, subject to rules of court, be exercised by one of the judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions sitting either in Court or at chambers, or by a master of the Supreme Court in manner directed by and subject to an appeal to the said judges.

The reference in this subsection to rules of court shall not include a reference to rules made before the passing of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

(7) The jurisdiction vested by subsection (2) of this section in the county court may, except in Northern Ireland, be exercised otherwise than in open court, and, in Northern Ireland, shall be exercised in accordance with rules of court.

An appeal shall lie to the High Court from any order of a county court made by virtue of subsection (2) of this section.

92. Any person who corruptly induces or procures any other person to withdraw from being a candidate at an election, in consideration of any payment or promise of payment, and any person withdrawing in pursuance of the inducement or procurement, shall be guilty of an illegal payment.

93. —(1) If a person hires or uses any premises to which this section applies or any part thereof for a committee room for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate, or lets any premises to which this section applies or any part thereof knowing that it was intended to use them or that part as a committee room, he shall be guilty of an illegal hiring.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1153

Act, 1949

Where the election is an election under the local govern- Part II ment Act, the foregoing reference to letting any premises or part of premises shall include a reference to permitting the use of any premises or part of premises.

(2) This section applies to any premises—

(a) which are licensed for the sale of any intoxicating liquor

for consumption on or off the premises or on which refreshment of any kind (whether food or drink) is ordinarily sold for consumption on the premises; or

(b) where any intoxicating liquor is supplied to members

of a club, society or association, other than a permanent political club:

Provided that this section shall not apply to the hiring, using, letting or permitting the use of any part of premises which is ordinarily let for the purpose of chambers, or offices, or the holding of public meetings or of arbitrations, if that part has a separate entrance and no direct communication with any part of the premises on which any intoxicating liquor or refreshment is sold or supplied as aforesaid.

(3) This section also applies—

(a) in England and Wales, to the premises of all schools maintained or assisted by a local education authority and all other schools in respect of which grants are made out of moneys provided by Parliament to the person or body of persons responsible for the management of the school;

(b) in Scotland, to the premises of all schools other than independent schools within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946; and

(c) in Northern Ireland, to the premises of all schools other

than independent schools within the meaning of the Education Act (Northern Ireland), 1947.

For the purposes of this section, the premises of a school shall be taken to include any dwelling house which forms part thereof and is occupied by a person employed for the purposes of the school.

94.—(1) No payment or contract for payment shall for the Payments for purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate exhibition of at an election be made to an elector or proxy for an elector notees" on account of the exhibition of, or the use of any house, land, building or premises for the exhibition of, any address, bill or notice, unless it is the ordinary business of the elector or proxy as an advertising agent to exhibit for payment bills and advertisements and the payment or contract is made in the ordinary course of that business.

1154

Part II —com

Name and address of printer on election publications.

Prohibition of paid

canvassers.

Bands of music, torches, flags and banners.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) If any payment or contract for payment is knowingly made in contravention of this section either before, during or after an election, the person making the payment or contract, and, if he knew it to be in contravention of this Act, any person receiving the payment or being a party to the contract, shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

95. —(1) A person shall not—

(a) print or publish, or cause to be printed or published,

any bill, placard or poster having reference to an election or any printed document distributed for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate, or

(b) post or cause to be posted any such bill, placard or poster as aforesaid, or

(c) distribute or cause to be distributed any printed docu-

ment for the said purpose,

unless the bill, placard, poster or document bears upon the face thereof the name and address of the printer and publisher.

(2) For the purposes of this section, any process for multiplying copies of a document, other than copying it by hand, shall be deemed to be printing and the expression " printer " shall be construed accordingly.

(3) A candidate or election agent acting in contravention of this section shall be guilty of an illegal practice, and any other person so acting shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

In relation to an election where candidates are not required to have election agents the reference to an election agent shall be omitted and the reference to any person other than the candidate shall be construed accordingly.

96. If a person is, either before, during or after an election, for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate, engaged or employed for payment or promise of payment as a canvasser, the person so engaging or employing him and the person so engaged or employed shall be guilty of illegal employment.

97. —(1) No payment or contract for payment shall, for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at an election, be made on account of bands of music, torches, flags or banners.

(2) If any payment or contract for payment is made in contravention of this section, either before, during or after an election, the person making the payment and, if he knew that it

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1155

was made contrary to law, any person being a party to the partII

contract or receiving the payment shall be guilty of an illegal —corn.

payment.

98. Where a person knowingly provides money for any pay- Providing ment which is contrary to the provisions of this Act, or for any fTjoney for expenses incurred in excess of the maximum amount allowed pJ^Soses by this Act, or for replacing any money expended in any such p payment or expenses, except where the payment or the incurring

of the expenses may have been previously allowed in pursuance of section one hundred and forty-five of this Act to be an exception, that person shall be guilty of an illegal payment.

Bribery, treating and undue influence

99. —(1) A person shall be guilty of a corrupt practice if he Bribery, is guilty of bribery.

(2) A person shall be guilty of bribery if he, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf—

(a) gives any money or procures any office to or for any voter or to or for any other person on behalf of any voter or to or for any other person in order to induce any voter to vote or refrain from voting; or

(b) corruptly does any such act as aforesaid on account of any voter having voted or refrained from voting; or

(c) makes any such gift or procurement as aforesaid to or for any person in order to induce that person to procure, or endeavour to procure, the return of any person at an election or the vote of any voter,

or if upon or in consequence of any such gift or procurement as aforesaid he procures or engages, promises or endeavours to procure the return of any person at an election or the vote of any voter.

For the purposes of this subsection—

(i) references to giving money shall include references to

giving, lending, agreeing to give or lend, offering, promising, or promising to procure or endeavour to procure any money or valuable consideration; and

(ii) references to procuring any office shall include

references to giving, procuring, agreeing to give or procure, offering, promising, or promising to procure or to endeavour to procure any office, place or employment.

(3) A person shall be guilty of bribery if he advances or pays or causes to be paid any money to or to the use of any other person with the intent that that money or any part thereof shall

1156 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Part II be expended in bribery at any election or knowingly pays or

—cont. causes to be paid any money to any person in discharge or repay-

ment of any money wholly or in part expended in bribery at any election.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not extend or be construed to extend to any money paid or agreed to be paid for or on account of any legal expenses incurred in good faith at or concerning an election.

(5) A voter shall be guilty of bribery if before or during an election he directly or indirectly by himself or by any other person on his behalf receives, agrees, or contracts for any money, gift, loan or valuable consideration, office, place or employment for himself or for any other person for voting or agreeing to vote or for refraining or agreeing to refrain from voting.

(6) A person shall be guilty of bribery if after an election he directly or indirectly by himself or by any other person on his behalf receives any money or valuable consideration on account of any person having voted or refrained from voting or having induced any other person to vote or refrain from voting.

(7) In this section the expression " voter " includes any person who has or claims to have a right to vote.

Treating.

Undue

influence.

100. —(1) A person shall be guilty of a corrupt practice if he is guilty of treating.

(2) A person shall be guilty of treating if he corruptly, by himself or by any other person, either before, during or after an election, directly or indirectly gives or provides, or pays wholly or in part the expense of giving or providing, any meat, drink, entertainment or provision to or for any person—

(a) for the purpose of corruptly influencing that person or

any other person to vote or refrain from voting; or

(b) on account of that person or any other person having

voted or refrained from voting, or being about to vote or refrain from voting.

(3) Every elector or proxy for an elector who corruptly accepts or takes any such meat, drink, entertainment or provision shall also be guilty of treating.

101. —(1) A person shall be guilty of a corrupt practice if he is guilty of undue influence.

(2) A person shall be guilty of undue influence—

(a) if he, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, makes use of or threatens to make use of any force, violence or restraint, or inflicts or threatens to inflict, by himself or by any other person.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1157

Act, 1949

any temporal or spiritual injury, damage, harm or loss Part U upon or against any person in order to induce or —corn. compel that person to vote or refrain from voting, or on account of that person having voted or refrained from voting; or

(b) if, by abduction, duress or any fraudulent device or contrivance, he impedes or prevents the free exercise of the franchise of an elector or proxy for an elector, or thereby compels, induces or prevails upon an elector or proxy for an elector either to vote or to refrain from voting.

Misapplication of corporate property for parliamentary elections

102.—(1) It shall not be lawful for a municipal corporation Misapplication or a borough council or a corporate officer or a trustee or other of corporate person acting for a municipal corporation to pay or apply any parl^mentery money, stocks, funds, securities or personal property of or held elections. in trust for the corporation in payment of any expenses occasioned by a parliamentary election or incurred by any person offering himself as a candidate at or before a parliamentary election.

(2) Any bond, covenant, recognisance or judgment given by such a corporation, council, officer, trustee or person as aforesaid for securing payment for such expenses as aforesaid shall be void.

(3) Any payment, application, bond, covenant, recognisance or judgment made or given by a corporation, council, officer, trustee or person as aforesaid for inducing any person to labour in a parliamentary election at a future time, or to pay or incur any such expenses as aforesaid at a future time, shall be deemed to be forbidden and declared void by this section although colourably made or given for any other cause or consideration.

(4) Any mortgage or other disposition of land belonging to or held in trust for a municipal corporation for securing or satisfying any expenses or engagement incurred or to be incurred as aforesaid, and any estate or charge thereby created, shall be void.

(5) Any resolution, bye-law or other proceeding of a council purporting to direct or authorise any payment or thing forbidden by this section or made or adopted for evading the provisions thereof, shall be void.

(6) If any member of a municipal corporation authorises or directs any payment or application forbidden by this section, or assents to, or concurs or participates in, any affirmative vote or proceeding relating thereto, or signs or seals in his individual capacity, or affixes the corporate seal to, any instrument by this section declared void, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

1158 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Part n (7) If any corporate officer, trustee or other person as afore-—cont. said makes, or concurs in making, any payment or application of money or property in contravention of subsection (1) or (3) of this section, he shall be deemed to have done so in his own wrong, and he shall be individually liable to repay and make good the amount or value thereof to the corporation, notwithstanding any release or pretended indemnity given to him in the name or on behalf of the corporation.

(8) Any two or more local government electors for the borough may bring and prosecute any action in the name of the corporation against any officer, trustee or person making any illegal payment or application in contravention of subsection (1) or (3) of this section as if they, and their executors and administrators, were jointly and severally appointed the irrevocable attorneys of the corporation for that purpose; but the plaintiffs shall, on the application of the defendant, give reasonable security, as the court directs, for costs as between solicitor and client.

(9) This section shall with the necessary modifications apply in relation to a county council in England or Wales as it applies in relation to a municipal corporation.

(10) A member of a municipal corporation (other than a municipal corporation to which the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, applies) or a member of the London county council, convicted in England under subsection (6) of this section in the High Court shall, in addition to such punishment as the court awards, be for ever disabled to take, hold or exercise any office in the corporation or for the county, as the case may be.

(11) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions of this Act or any other Act as to the payment of registration or other expenses relating to parliamentary elections by a local authority.

(12) The references in this section to the council of a borough shall, except in relation to any municipal corporation which is a borough within the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, be taken as references to any court, guild, council or assembly constituting or composed of the ruling or governing part or class of the municipal corporation and, except as aforesaid, the reference to local government electors shall be taken as including a reference to freemen or corporators of the corporation.

Supplemental

Interpretation 103. In this Part of this Act the following expressions shall, of Part IT. unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

" appropriate officer " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (6) of section fifty-five of this Act;

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1159

" candidate "—

(a) in relation to a parliamentary election, means a person who is elected to serve in Parliament at the election or a person who is nominated as a candidate at the election, or is declared by himself or by others to be a candidate on or after the day of the issue of the writ for the election, or after the dissolution or vacancy in consequence of which the writ was issued;

(b) in relation to an election under the local government Act, means a person elected or having been nominated or having declared himself a candidate for election, to the office to be filled at the election;

" committee room " shall not include any house or room occupied by a candidate as a dwelling, by reason only of the candidate there transacting business with his agents in relation to the election, and no room or building shall be deemed to be a committee room by reason only of the candidate or any agent of the candidate addressing therein electors, committeemen or others;

" date of the allowance of an authorised excuse " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (8) of section seventy-four of, or paragraph 7 of the Sixth Schedule to, this Act, as the case may be;

" declaration as to election expenses" means a declaration made under section seventy of, or, as the case may be, paragraph 3 of the Sixth Schedule to, this Act;

" disputed claim " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section sixty-seven of this Act as extended by section sixty-eight of this Act;

"election expenses" in relation to an election means expenses incurred, whether before, during or after the election, on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the election;

" payment " includes any pecuniary or other reward, and " pecuniary reward " and " money " shall, save in sections ninety-nine and one hundred, be deemed to include any office, place or employment, and any valuable security or other equivalent for money, and any valuable consideration, and expressions referring to money shall be construed accordingly;

" personal expenses " as used with respect to the expenditure of any candidate in relation to any election includes

Part II

—cont.

1160

Part II

—com.

Savings as to parliamentary elections.

Rights of creditors.

Computation of time for purposes of Part II.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

the reasonable travelling expenses of the candidate, and the reasonable expenses of his living at hotels or elsewhere for the purposes of and in relation to the election;

" return as to election expenses" means a return (including the bills and receipts to be transmitted therewith) to be made under subsection (1) of section sixty-nine of, or, as the case may be, paragraph 3 of the Sixth Schedule to, this Act;

104. —(1) Where a person has been declared by others to be a candidate at a parliamentary election without his consent, nothing in this Part of this Act shall be construed to impose any liability on that person, unless he has afterwards given his assent to the declaration or has been nominated.

(2) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall make it illegal for an employer to permit parliamentary electors or proxies for parliamentary electors to absent themselves from his employment for a reasonable time for the purpose of voting at the poll at a parliamentary election, without having any deduction from their salaries or wages on account of their absence, if the permission is, so far as practicable without injury to the business of the employer, given equally to all persons alike who are at the time in his employment and if the permission is not given with a view to inducing any person to record his vote for any particular candidate at the election, and is not refused to any person for the purpose of preventing him from recording his vote for any particular candidate at the election:

Provided that this subsection shall not be construed as making illegal any act which would not be illegal apart from this subsection.

105. The provisions of this Part of this Act prohibiting—

(a) payments and contracts for payments;

(b) the payment or incurring of election expenses in excess of the maximum amount allowed by this Act; or

(c) the incurring of expenses not authorised by the election agent,

shall not affect the right of any creditor, who, when the contract was made or the expense was incurred, was ignorant of that contract or expense being in contravention of this Act.

106. —(1) Where the day or last day on which anything is required or permitted to be done by or in pursuance of this Part of this Act is any of the days mentioned in the following subsection, the requirement or permission shall be deemed to relate to the first day thereafter which is not one of those days, and in

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1161

computing any period of not more than seven days for the Part II

purposes of this Part any of the days so mentioned shall be —com.

disregarded.

(2) The days referred to in the foregoing subsection are any Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, any bank holiday under the Bank Holidays Act, 1871, and any day appointed for public thanksgiving or mourning.

Part III Legal Proceedings Questioning of a parliamentary election

107.—(1) No parliamentary election and no return to Parlia- Method of ment shall be questioned except by a petition complaining of an questioning undue election or undue return (hereinafter referred to as a Pj^Jj?mentary parliamentary election petition) presented in accordance with this el on*

Part of this Act.

(2) A petition complaining of no return shall be deemed to be a parliamentary election petition and the High Court may make such order thereon as they think expedient for compelling a return to be made or may allow the petition to be heard by an election court as provided with respect to ordinary election petitions.

108.—(1) A parliamentary election petition may be presented Presentation by one or more of the following persons— and service of

(a) a person who voted as an elector at the election or who

had a right so to vote; or petition.

(b) a person claiming to have had a right to be elected or

returned at the election; or

(c) a person alleging himself to have been a candidate at

the election.

(2) The member whose election or return is complained of is hereinafter referred to as the respondent, but if the petition complains of the conduct of a returning officer, the returning officer shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act be deemed to be a respondent

(3) The petition shall be in the prescribed form, state the prescribed matters and be signed by the petitioner or all the petitioners if more than one, and shall be presented to the High Court in the Kings Bench Division, or to the Court of Session,

2Q

1162 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Part III or to the High Court of Northern Ireland in the Kings Bench —cont. Division, according as the constituency to which it relates is in England or Wales, or Scotland, or Northern Ireland.

(4) The petition shall be presented by delivering it to the prescribed officer or otherwise dealing with it in the prescribed manner; and the prescribed officer shall send a copy of it to the returning officer of the constituency to which the petition relates, who shall forthwith publish it in that constituency.

(5) The petition shall be served as nearly as may be in the manner in which a writ or summons is served or in such other manner as may be prescribed.

Time for presentation or amendment of parliamentary election petition.

(3) A petition questioning the election or return upon an allegation of an illegal practice may, so far as respects that illegal practice, be presented—

(a) not later than the expiration of fourteen days after the

day specified in subsection (4) of this section; or

(b) if specifically alleging a payment of money or some

other act to have been made or done since the day so specified by the member to whose election the petition relates or an agent of his, or with the privity of that member or his election agent, in pursuance or in furtherance of the alleged illegal practice, within twenty-eight days after die date of the payment or other act.

(4) The said day is—

(a) that on which the returning officer receives the return

and declarations as to election expenses by the said member and his election agent; or

(b) where the return and declarations are received on

different days, the last of those days; or

109.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a parliamentary election petition shall be presented within twenty-one days after the return has been made to the Clerk of the Crown, or to the Clerk of the Crown for Northern Ireland, as the case may be, of the member to whose election the petition relates.

(2) If the petition questions the election or return upon an allegation of corrupt practices and specifically alleges a payment of money or other reward to have been made by the member or on his account or with his privity since the time of the said return in pursuance or in furtherance of the alleged corrupt practice, it may be presented within twenty-eight days after the date of the payment.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(c) where there is an authorised excuse for failing to make the return and declarations, the date of the allowance of the excuse, or if there was a failure as regards two or more of them, and the excuse was allowed at different times, the date of the allowance of the last excuse.

(5) An election petition presented within the time limited by subsection (1) or (2) of this section may, for the purpose of questioning the election or return upon an allegation of an illegal practice, be amended with the leave of the High Court within the time within which a petition questioning the election upon the allegation of that illegal practice could be presented under subsection (3) of this section.

(6) Subsections (3), (4) and (5) of this section shall apply notwithstanding that the act constituting the alleged illegal practice amounted to a corrupt practice and shall apply to a corrupt practice under section sixty-three of this Act as if it were an illegal practice.

(7) For the purposes of this section, an allegation that an election is avoided under section one hundred and forty-two of this Act shall be deemed to be an allegation of corrupt practices, notwithstanding that the offences alleged are or include offences other than corrupt practices.

(8) Except in Scotland, the jurisdiction vested by subsection

(5) of this section in the High Court shall, subject to rules of court, be exercised by one of the judges for the time on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions, sitting either in court or at chambers, or by a master of the Supreme Court in manner directed by and subject to an appeal to the said judges.

The reference to rules of court in this subsection shall not include a reference to rules made before the passing of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

110.—(1) A parliamentary election petition shall be tried by two judges on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions and the judges for the time being on that rota shall, unless they otherwise agree, try the election petitions standing for trial according to their seniority.

The judges presiding at the trial of a parliamentary election petition are hereinafter referred to as the election court.

(2) The election court shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, have the same powers, jurisdiction and authority as a judge of the High Court (or, in Scotland, a judge of the Court of Session presiding at the trial of a civil cause without a jury) and shall be a court of record.

2 Q 2

1163

Part m —eomt.

Constitution of election court and place of trial.

1164 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Part ill (3) The place of trial shall be within the constituency for —cont. which the election was held:

Provided that—

(a) the High Court may on being satisfied that special

circumstances exist rendering it desirable that the petition should be tried elsewhere, appoint some other convenient place for the trial; and

(b) if the said constituency is in the administrative county

of London, the petition may be heard at such place within the said county as the High Court may appoint.

(4) The election court may adjourn the trial from one place to any other place within the constituency.

Reception of 111.—(1) The judges shall be received at the place where they

and attendance are about to try a parliamentary election petition with the

onju ges. same state, so far as circumstances admit, as a judge of assize

is received at an Assize Town.

(2) If the petition relates to a county constituency, the judges shall be received by the sheriff and in any other case—

(a) if the registration officer is town clerk of a borough, by the mayor of that borough;

(b) if not, by the sheriff of the county which is or includes

the area of the authority whose clerk is registration

officer or by some person named by that sheriff.

(3) The travelling and other expenses of the judges and all expenses properly incurred by the sheriff, mayor or other person in receiving the judges and providing them with necessary accommodation and with a proper court shall be defrayed by the Treasury out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) The judges shall be attended on the trial of a parliamentary election petition in the same manner as a judge of the High Court trying an action at assizes is attended and the expenses of that attendance shall be deemed to be part of the expenses of providing a court.

(5) The shorthand writer of the House of Commons or his deputy shall attend the trial and shall be sworn by one of the judges of the election court faithfully and truly to take down the evidence given at the trial and from time to time as occasion requires to transcribe that evidence or cause it to be transcribed.

(6) The shorthand writer shall take down the evidence and from time to time transcribe it or cause it to be transcribed and a copy of the evidence shall accompany the certificate given by the election court to the Speaker.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1165

(7) The expenses of the shorthand writer shall be deemed to Part III

be part of the expenses incurred in receiving the judges. —cont.

(8) In the application of this section to Scotland, the following provisions shall have effect in substitution for subsections (1) to (4)—

(a) the judges shall be received at the place where they are

about to try a parliamentary election petition in the same manner and by the same authorities, as far as circumstances admit, as a judge of the High Court of Justiciary is received at a circuit town, and shall be attended by such officer or officers as shall be necessary;

(b) the travelling and other expenses of the judges, and of the officer or officers in attendance on them, and all expenses properly incurred in providing the judges with a proper court shall be defrayed by the Treasury out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Questioning of a local election

112. An election under the local government Act may be Method of questioned on the ground that the person whose election is questioning questioned— local election.

(a) was at the time of the election disqualified; or

(b) was not duly elected,

or on the ground that the election was avoided by corrupt or illegal practices or on the grounds provided by sections one hundred and forty-two or one hundred and forty-three of this Act, and shall not be questioned on any of those grounds except by an election petition.

113. —(1) A petition questioning an election under the local presentation government Act may be presented either by four or more persons of petition who voted or had a right to vote at the election or by a person questioning alleging himself to have been a candidate at the election. 0031 e,ectlOD

In this subsection the expression "vote" does not include voting as proxy for an elector.

(2) Any person whose election is questioned by the petition, and any returning officer of whose conduct the petition complains, may be made a respondent to the petition.

(3) The petition shall be in the prescribed form signed by the petitioner and shall be presented in the prescribed manner—

(a) in England or Wales, to the High Court in the King’s

Bench Division;

(b) in Scotland, to the sheriff of the county in which the

election took place.

1166

Ch. 68

Part 111

—corn.

Time for presentation or amendment of petition questioning local election.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(4) In England or Wales the prescribed officer shall send a copy of the petition to the clerk of the authority for which the election was held who shall forthwith publish it in the area of that authority.

114.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a petition questioning an election under the local government Act shall be presented within twenty-one days after the day on which the election was held.

(2) If the petition complains of the election on the ground of a corrupt practice and specifically alleges that a payment of money or other reward has been made or promised since the election by a candidate elected at the election, or on his account or with his privity, in pursuance or furtherance of that corrupt practice, it may be presented at any time within twenty-eight days after the date of the alleged payment or promise, whether or not any other petition against that person has been previously presented or tried.

(3) If the petition complains of the election on the ground of an illegal practice and specifically alleges a payment of money or other act made or done since the election by the candidate elected at the election, or by an agent of the candidate or with the privity of the candidate or his election agent, in pursuance or in furtherance of that illegal practice, it may be presented at any time within twenty-eight days after the date of that payment or act, whether or not any other petition against that person has been previously presented or tried.

(4) If the petition complains of an election where election expenses are allowed on the ground of an illegal practice, it may be presented at any time before the expiration of fourteen days after the date specified in subsection (5) of this section.

(5) The said day is—

(a) that on which the appropriate officer receives the return

and declarations as to election expenses by the said candidate and his election agent; or

(b) where the return and declarations are received on

different days, the last of those days; or

(c) where there is an authorised excuse for failing to make

the return and declarations, the date of the allowance of the excuse, or if there was a failure as regards two or more of them and the excuse was allowed at different times, the date of the allowance of the last excuse.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(6) An election petition presented within the time limited by subsection (1) or (2) of tins section may, for the purpose of complaining of the election upon an allegation of an illegal practice, be amended with the leave of the High Court within the time within which a petition complaining of the election on the ground of that illegal practice could, under this section, be presented.

In the application of this subsection to an election of councillors in Scotland, the reference in this subsection to subsection (2) of this section shall be omitted and for the reference to the High Court there shall be substituted a reference to the election court or the sheriff substitute.

(7) Subsections (3), (4), (5) and (6) of this section shall apply notwithstanding that the act constituting the alleged illegal practice amounted to a corrupt practice and shall apply to a corrupt practice under section sixty-three of this Act as if it were an illegal practice.

(8) For the purposes of this section, an allegation that an election is avoided under section one hundred and forty-two of this Act shall be deemed to be an allegation of corrupt practices notwithstanding that the offences alleged are or include offences other than corrupt practices.

(9) In relation to an election where candidates are not required to have election agents the references in subsection

(3) and paragraph (a) of subsection (5) of this section to an election agent shall be omitted and paragraphs (b) and (c) of the said subsection (5) shall be omitted.

115.—(1) A petition questioning an election in England or Wales under the local government Act shall be tried by an election court consisting of a barrister qualified and appointed as provided by this section.

(2) A barrister shall not be qualified to constitute an election court if he is of less than fifteen years standing, or is a member of the Commons House of Parliament, or holds any office or place of profit under the Crown, other than that of recorder.

(3) A barrister shall not be qualified to constitute an election court for the trial of an election petition relating to any borough of which he is recorder, or to any local government area in which he resides or which is included in a circuit of His Majesty’s Judges on which he practises as a barrister.

(4) The judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions, or any two of those judges, may annually appoint as many barristers, not exceeding five, as they may think necessary as commissioners for the trial of petitions

116T

Part in —corn.

Constitution of election court for local election in England or Wales, and place of trial.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

questioning elections in England and Wales under the local government Act, and shall from time to time assign the petitions to be tried by each commissioner.

(5) If a commissioner to whom the trial of a petition is assigned dies, or declines to act or becomes incapable of acting, the said judges or two of them may assign the trial to be conducted or continued by any other of the commissioners appointed under this section.

(6) The election court shall for the purposes of the trial have the same powers and privileges as a judge on the trial of a parliamentary election petition, except that any fine or order of committal by the court may on motion by the person aggrieved be discharged or varied by the High Court, or in vacation by a judge thereof, on such terms, if any, as the High Court or judge thinks fit.

(7) The place of trial shall be within the area of the authority for which the election was held, except that the High Court may, on being satisfied that special circumstances exist rendering it desirable that the petition should be tried elsewhere, appoint some other convenient place for the trial.

(8) The election court may in its discretion adjourn the trial from any one place to any other place within the local government area or place where it is held.

116.—(1) The clerk of the authority for which the election attendance was held shall provide proper accommodation for holding the ourt* election court constituted under the last foregoing section and any expenses incurred by him for the purposes of this section shall be paid by that authority.

(2) All constables, gaolers, and bailiffs shall give their assistance to the said election court in the execution of its duties, and if any gaoler or officer of a prison makes default in receiving or detaining a prisoner committed thereto in pursuance of this Part of this Act, he shall be liable to a fine recoverable by action in the High Court and not exceeding five pounds for every day during which the default continues.

Where the election in question was an election to an office in a borough other than a metropolitan borough, the fine shall go to the general rate fund of the borough.

(3) The said election court may employ officers and clerks as prescribed.

(4) A shorthand writer shall attend the trial before the said election court, and shall be sworn by the election court faithfully and truly to take down the evidence given at the trial. He shall

1168

Part ID —amt.

Reception of

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

take down the evidence at length. A transcript of the notes of the evidence taken down by him shall, if the election court so directs, accompany the certificate of the election court. His expenses, according to a prescribed scale, shall be treated as part of the expenses incurred in receiving the court.

(5) The remuneration and allowances to be paid to the commissioner for his services in respect of the said trial and to any officers, clerks or shorthand writers employed under this section in relation to that trial shall be fixed by a scale made and varied by the judges on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions, with the approval of the Treasury.

The remuneration and allowances shall be paid in the first instance by the Treasury and shall be repaid to the Treasury on their certificate by the authority for which the election was held, and if the authority is a borough council any such repayment out of the general rate fund may be made without an order of the council.

(6) The said election court may, in its discretion, order that the said remuneration and allowances or the expenses incurred by the clerk of the authority for receiving the election court shall be repaid, wholly or in part, to the Treasury or the clerk of the authority, as the case may be, in the cases, by the persons and in the manner following (namely)—

(a) when, in the opinion of the election court, the petition

is frivolous and vexatious, by the petitioner;

(b) when, in the opinion of the election court, the respondent

has been personally guilty of corrupt practices at the election, by that respondent.

(7) The order so made for the repayment of any sum by a petitioner or respondent may be enforced as an order for payment of costs, but a deposit made or a security given under this Part of this Act shall not be applied for any such repayment until all costs and expenses payable by the petitioner or respondent to any party to the petition have been satisfied.

117.—(1) An election petition questioning an election of councillors in Scotland, and all proceedings incidental thereto and consequent thereon, except as otherwise provided, shall be tried by the sheriff (excluding sheriff-substitute) of the county within which the challenged election took place.

(2) The election court shall for the purposes of the trial have the same powers and privileges as a judge on the trial of a parliamentary election petition, except that any fine or order of committal by the court may, on summary application by the person aggrieved, be discharged or varied by the Court of Session, or in vacation by the judge acting as vacation judge on such terms, if any, as the Court of Session or judge may think fit.

2Q *

1169

Part UI

—cont.

Constitution of election court for local election in Scotland, and place of trial.

1170

Ch. 68

Part III

—cont.

Consequences of avoidance of local election.

Security for costs.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(3) The place of trial shall be within the sheriff court, except that the election court may, on being satisfied that special circumstances exist rendering it desirable that the petition should be tried elsewhere, appoint some other convenient place within the sheriffdom for trial.

(4) The election court may in its discretion adjourn the trial from any one place to any other place within the sheriffdom.

(5) The travelling and other expenses of the sheriff incurred by him in the execution of his duties under this Part of this Act shall be paid by the authority for which the election was held, but the election court may order repayment of those expenses to that authority by the parties to the petition or any of them, in such proportion as shall to the court seem proper.

(6) A shorthand writer shall attend at the trial of the petition, and shall be sworn by the election court faithfully and truly to take down the evidence given at the trial. He shall take down the evidence at length.

118.—(1) Where on a petition questioning an election under the local government Act the election of any person has been declared void, and no other person has been declared elected in his room, a new election shall be held to supply the vacancy in the same manner as on a casual vacancy; and for the purposes of the election any duties to be performed by any officer shall, if he has been declared not elected, be performed by a deputy or other person who might have acted for him if he had been incapacitated by illness.

(2) Where a candidate who has been elected to a corporate office, is by a certificate of an election court or a decision of the High Court, declared not to have been duly elected, acts done by him in execution of the office before the time when the certificate or decision is certified to the clerk of the authority for which the election was held shall not be invalidated by reason of that declaration.

(3) This section shall not apply in Scotland.

Procedure on all election petitions

119.—(1) At the time of presenting an election petition or within three days afterwards the petitioner shall give security for all costs which may become payable by him to any witness summoned on his behalf or to any respondent.

(2) The security shall be—

(a) in the case of a parliamentary election petition, an amount of one thousand pounds; and

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1171

(b) in the case of a petition questioning an election under the local government Act, such amount not exceeding five hundred pounds as the High Court, or a judge thereof, on summons, directs,

and shall be given in the prescribed manner by recognisance entered into by any number of sureties not exceeding four or by a deposit of money, or partly in one way and partly in the other:

Provided that in Scotland the amount mentioned in paragraph (b) shall be such amount not exceeding five hundred pounds as the election court or sheriff-substitute directs and the persons finding caution for that amount may exceed four.

(3) Within the prescribed time, not exceeding five days after the presentation of the petition, the petitioner shall serve on the respondent a notice of the presentation of the petition, and of the nature of the proposed security, and a copy of the petition.

In the case of an election under the local government Act, the service shall be in the prescribed manner.

(4) Within a further prescribed time, not exceeding five days after service of the notice, the respondent may object in writing to any recognisance on the ground that any surety is insufficient or is dead or cannot be found or ascertained for want of a sufficient description in the recognisance, or that a person named in the recognisance has not duly acknowledged the recognisance.

(5) In relation to a petition questioning an election under the local government Act, the periods mentioned in the two last foregoing subsections shall be five days and not as prescribed.

(6) An objection to a recognisance shall be decided in the prescribed manner.

(7) If the objection is allowed, the petitioner may within a further prescribed time not exceeding five days, remove it by a deposit in the prescribed manner of such sum of money as will, in the opinion of the court or officer having cognisance of the matter, make the security sufficient.

(8) If no security is given as required by this section or any objection is allowed and not removed as aforesaid, no further proceedings shall be had on the petition.

120. On the expiration of the time limited for objections, or, after objection made, on the objection being disallowed or removed whichever last happens, the petition shall be at issue.

121. —(1) The prescribed officer shall, as soon as may be, make out a list of all election petitions at issue presented to the court of which he is officer, placing them in the order in which they were presented, and shall keep at his office a copy of the list, open to inspection in the prescribed manner.

2 Q 2

Part in

—cont.

Petition at issue.

List of petitions.

1172

Part III

—cont.

Trial of petition.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

The petitions questioning elections under the local government Act shall be in a separate list, a copy of which shall be sent to each of the judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions.

(2) The petitions shall, so far as conveniently may be, be tried in the order in which they stand in the list.

(3) In the case of a petition questioning an election under the local government Act, two or more candidates may be made respondents to the same petition, and their cases may be tried at the same time, but for the purposes of this Part of this Act the petition shall be deemed to be a separate petition against each respondent.

(4) Where more petitions than one are presented relating to the same election or to elections under the local government Act held at the same time for more than one electoral area in the same local government area, all those petitions shall be bracketed together in the election list and shall be dealt with as one petition, standing, unless the High Court otherwise direct, in the election list in the place where the last of them would have stood if it had been the only petition presented.

(5) Subsections (1), (2) and (4) of this section shall not apply in relation to petitions questioning an election of councillors in Scotland but where two or more of those petitions are presented relating to the same election they shall be tried together.

122.—(1) An election petition shall be tried in open court, without a jury, and notice of the time and place of trial shall be given in the prescribed manner, not less than, in the case of a parliamentary election petition, fourteen days and in any other case, seven days, before the day of trial.

(2) The election court may in its discretion adjourn the trial from time to time, but the trial shall, so far as is practicable consistently with the interests of justice in respect of the trial, be continued from day to day on every lawful day until its conclusion.

(3) The trial of a parliamentary election petition shall be proceeded with notwithstanding the acceptance by the respondent of an office of profit under the Crown and notwithstanding the prorogation of Parliament; and the trial of a petition questioning an election under the local government Act shall be proceeded with notwithstanding that the respondent has ceased to hold the office his election to which is questioned by the petition.

(4) On the trial of a petition, unless the court otherwise directs, any charge of a corrupt practice may be gone into, and evidence

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1173

in relation thereto received, before any proof has been given of Part in agency on behalf of any candidate in respect of the corrupt —cont. practice.

In relation to an election in England or Wales under the local government Act, this subsection shall apply as if corrupt practices included illegal practices.

(5) On the trial of a petition complaining of an undue election and claiming the seat or office for some person, the respondent may give evidence to prove that that person was not duly elected, in the same manner as if he had presented a petition against the election of that person.

(6) If the petition relates to an election conducted under the parliamentary or local elections rules and it appears that there is an equality of votes between any candidates at the election, and that the addition of a vote would entitle any of these candidates to be declared elected, then—

(a) any decision under the provisions as to equality of votes

in the parliamentary or local elections rules, as the case may be, shall, in so far as it determines the question between those candidates, be effective also for the purposes of the petition; and

(b) in so far as that question is not determined by such a decision, the court shall decide between them by lot and proceed as if the one on whom the lot then falls had received an additional vote.

123.—(1) Witnesses shall be summoned and sworn in the Witnesses, same manner as nearly as circumstances admit as in an action tried at assizes.

(2) On the trial a member of the election court may, by order under his hand, require any person who appears to him to have been concerned in the election to attend as a witness and any person refusing to obey the order shall be guilty of contempt of court.

(3) The election court may examine any person so required to attend or who is in court although he is not called and examined by any party to the petition.

(4) A witness may, after his examination by the court, be cross-examined by or on behalf of the petitioner and respondent, or either of them.

(5) The Director of public prosecutions shall obey any direction given him by the election court with respect to the summoning and examination of any witness to give evidence at the trial.

1174

Part III —cont.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(6) The Director of public prosecutions shall without any direction from the court cause any person appearing to him to be able to give material evidence as to the subject of the trial to attend the trial and shall, with the leave of the court, examine him as a witness.

(7) A person called as a witness respecting an election before any election court shall not be excused from answering any question relating to any offence at or connected with the election, on the ground that the answer thereto may criminate or tend to criminate himself or on the ground of privilege:

Provided that—

(a) a witness who answers truly all questions which he is required by the election court to answer shall be entitled to receive a certificate of indemnity under the hand of a member of the court stating that the witness has so answered; and (b) an answer by a person to a question put by or before any election court shall not, except in the case of any criminal proceeding for perjury in respect of the evidence, be in any proceeding, civil or criminal, admissible in evidence against him.

(8) The giving or refusal to give a certificate of indemnity to a witness by an election court trying a petition questioning an election under the local government Act shall be final and conclusive.

(9) Where a person has received a certificate of indemnity in relation to an election, and any legal proceeding is at any time instituted against him for any corrupt or illegal practice committed by him previously to the date of the certificate at or in relation to the election, or any illegal payment, employment or hiring or offence under subsection (1) of section eighty-six or section ninety-five or one hundred and twenty-nine of this Act so committed, the court having cognizance of the case shall on production of the certificate stay the proceeding, and may in then-discretion award to the said person such costs as he may have been put to in the proceeding.

(10) Nothing in this section shall be deemed to relieve a person receiving a certificate of indemnity from any incapacity under this Act or from any proceedings to enforce that incapacity (other than a criminal prosecution).

(11) The reasonable expenses incurred by any person in appearing to give evidence at the trial of an election petition, according to die scale allowed to witnesses on the trial of civil actions, may be allowed to him by a certificate of the election court or of the prescribed officer, and if the witness was called and examined by virtue of subsection (2) of this section, shall be deemed part of the expenses of providing a court, but otherwise shall be deemed costs of the petition.

1949 Representation of the People Cil 68

Act, 1949

(12) In the application of this section to Scotland,—

(a) subsections (5) and (6) shall be omitted, but one of the deputes of the Lord Advocate or the procurator-fiscal of the district shall attend the trial of the petition as part of his official duty and shall give all necessary assistance to the court with respect to the citation of witnesses and the recovery of documents, and

(d) subsection (1) and in subsection (11) the words from " and if the witness " to the end shall be omitted in relation to an election of councillors.

124.—(1) At the conclusion of the trial of a parliamentary election petition, the election court shall determine whether the member whose election or return is complained of, or any and what other person, was duly returned or elected or whether the election was void, and shall forthwith certify in writing the determination to the Speaker, and the determination so certified shall be final to all intents and purposes:

Provided that—

(a) if the judges constituting the election court differ as to

whether the member whose election or return is complained of was duly elected or returned, they shall certify that difference and the member shall be deemed to be duly elected or returned, and

(b) if they determine that the member was not duly elected

or returned but differ as to the rest of the determination, they shall certify that difference and the election shall be deemed to be void.

(2) Where any charge is made in the petition of any corrupt or illegal practice having been committed at the election the court shall, in addition to giving a certificate, and at the same time, make a report to the Speaker as required by sections one hundred and thirty-eight and one hundred and forty of this Act and also stating whether corrupt or illegal practices have, or whether there is reason to believe that corrupt or illegal practices have, extensively prevailed at the election.

(3) The election court may at the same time make a special report to the Speaker as to matters arising in the course of the trial an account of which in the judgment of the court ought to be submitted to the House of Commons.

(4) Every report sent to the Speaker under this section shall be signed by both judges of the election court and if the judges differ as to the subject of the report, they shall certify that difference and make no report on the subject on which they so differ.

1175

Part III

—COM.

Conclusion of trial of parliamentary election petition.

1176

Part III

—cont.

Conclusion of trial of petition questioning a local election.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(5) The House of Commons, on being informed by the Speaker of a certificate and any report of an election court, shall order the certificate and report (if any) to be entered in their Journals and shall give the necessary direction for confirming or altering the return, or for issuing a writ for a new election, or for carrying the determination into execution as the circumstances may require; and where the court make a special report, the House of Commons may make such order in respect of that report as they think proper.

125.—(1) At the conclusion of the trial of a petition questioning an election under the local government Act, the election court shall determine whether the person whose election is complained of, or any and what other person, was duly elected, or whether the election was void, and the determination shall be final to all intents as to the matters at issue on the petition.

(2) The election court shall forthwith certify in writing the determination to the High Court.

(3) Where a charge is made in the petition of any corrupt or illegal practice having been committed at the election the court shall, in addition to the certificate and at the same time, make a report in writing to the High Court as required by sections one hundred and thirty-eight and one hundred and forty of this Act and also stating whether any corrupt practices have, or whether there is reason to believe that any corrupt practices have, extensively prevailed at the election in die area of the authority for which the election was held or in any electoral area thereof.

(4) The election court may at the same time make a special report to the High Court as to any matters arising in the course of the trial, an account of which ought, in the judgment of the election court, to be submitted to the High Court.

(5) A copy of any certificate or report made to the High Court shall be sent by the High Court to the Secretary of State.

(6) A copy of the said certificate shall be certified by the High Court under the hands of two or more Judges thereof to the clerk of the authority for which the election was held.

(7) The foregoing provisions of this section, save subsection

(1), shall not apply to Scotland but where a charge is made in a petition questioning an election of councillors in Scotland of any corrupt or illegal practice having been committed at the election, the court shall determine the said matters mentioned in sections one hundred and thirty-eight and one hundred and forty of this Act, and shall also determine whether any corrupt practices have, or whether there is reason

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

to believe that any corrupt practices have, extensively prevailed at the election and whether illegal practices, payments, employments or hirings committed in reference to the election for the purpose of promoting the election of a candidate at the election have or have not so extensively prevailed that they may be reasonably supposed to have affected the result of the election.

126. —(1) If, on the application of any party to a petition Special case for made in the prescribed manner to the High Court, it appears to

the High Court that the case raised by the petition can be con-ot Hlgtl court* veniently stated as a special case, the High Court may direct it to be stated accordingly and the special case shall be heard before the High Court.

In the case of a parliamentary election petition, the High Court shall certify to the Speaker its decision in reference to the special case.

In the case of a petition questioning an election in England or Wales under the local government Act, a statement of the decision on the special case shall be sent by the High Court to the Secretary of State and shall also be certified by the High Court under the hands of two or more judges thereof to the clerk of the authority for which the election was held.

(2) If it appears to the election court on the trial of an election petition that any question of law as to the admissibility of evidence or otherwise requires further consideration by the High Court, the election court may postpone the granting of a certificate until the question has been determined by the High Court, and for this purpose may reserve the question by stating a case for the decision of the High Court.

(3) In Scotland, the decision of the Court of Session on a special case under subsection (1) of this section shall be final and in the case of a petition questioning an election of councillors in Scotland, the application under subsection (1) for a direction for the statement of a case for the Court of Session shall be made to the election court.

(4) In the case of a petition questioning a parliamentary election in Northern Ireland, the decision of the High Court of Northern Ireland under subsection (1) of this section shall be final.

127. —(1) A petitioner shall not withdraw an election petition Withdrawal without the leave of the election court or High Court on special of petition, application, made in the prescribed manner and at the prescribed

time and place.

In the application of this subsection to a petition questioning an election of councillors in Scotland the reference to the High Court shrill be omitted.

1177

Part 111

—cont.

1178

Part ill

—cont.

Evidence required for withdrawal of petition.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) The application shall not be made until the prescribed notice of the intention to make it has been given in the constituency or local government area to which the petition relates.

(3) Where there are more petitioners than one, the application shall not be made except with the consent of all the petitioners.

(4) If a petition is withdrawn the petitioner shall be liable to pay the costs of the respondent.

128.—(1) Before leave for the withdrawal of an election petition is granted, there shall be produced affidavits by all the parties to the petition and their solicitors and, if the election was an election at which candidates are required to have election agents, by the election agents of all of the said parties who were candidates at the election, but the High Court may on cause shown dispense with the affidavit of any particular person if it seems to die court on special grounds to be just so to do.

In the application of this subsection to an election of councillors in Scotland, the reference to the High Court shall be taken as a reference to the election court, but, if the election was a local government election, the sheriff-substitute may act instead of the election court.

(2) Each affidavit shall state that, to the best of the deponent's knowledge and belief, no agreement or terms of any kind whatsoever has or have been made, and no undertaking has been entered into, in relation to the withdrawal of the petition; but if any lawful agreement has been made with respect to the withdrawal of the petition, the affidavit shall set forth that agreement and shall make the foregoing statement subject to what appears from the affidavit.

(3) The affidavits of the applicant and his solicitor shall further state the ground on which the petition is sought to be withdrawn.

(4) Copies of the said affidavits shall be delivered to the Director of public prosecutions a reasonable time before the application for the withdrawal is heard, and the court may hear the Director of public prosecutions or his assistant or other representative (appointed with the approval of the Attorney-General) in opposition to the allowance of the withdrawal of the petition, and shall have power to receive the evidence on oath of any person or persons whose evidence the Director of public prosecutions or his assistant, or other representative, may consider material.

In the application of this subsection to an election of councillors in Scotland the references to the Director of public prosecutions shall include references to the procurator-fiscal.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1179

(5) Where more than one solicitor is concerned for the Part III petitioner or respondent, whether as agent for another solicitor

or otherwise, the affidavit shall be made by all such solicitors.

(6) Except in Scotland, the jurisdiction vested by subsection

(1) of this section in the High Court in matters relating to parliamentary elections shall, subject to rules of court, be exercised by one of the judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions, sitting either in court or at chambers, or may be exercised by a master of the Supreme Court in manner directed by and subject to appeal to the said judges.

The reference in this subsection to rules of court shall not include a reference to rules made before the passing of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

129. If any person makes any agreement or terms or enters Punishment into any undertaking, in relation to the withdrawal of an election petition, and such agreement, terms or undertaking is or WI ra are for the withdrawal of the election petition in consideration of any payment, or in consideration that the seat or office shall at any time be vacated, or in consideration of the withdrawal of any other election petition, or is or are (whether lawful or unlawful) not mentioned in the aforesaid affidavits, he shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds, or to both.

In this section the expression " indictment " includes criminal information.

139.—(1) On the hearing of the application for leave to with- Substitution of draw, any person who might have been a petitioner in respect new petitioner of the election may apply to the court to be substituted as a petitioner, and the court may, if they think fit, substitute him accordingly.

(2) If the proposed withdrawal is in the opinion of the court the result of any agreement, terms or undertaking prohibited by the last foregoing section or induced by any corrupt bargain or consideration, the court may by order direct that the security given on behalf of the original petitioner shall remain as security for any costs that may be incurred by the substituted petitioner, and that, to the extent of the sum named in the security, the original petitioner and his sureties shall be liable to pay the costs of the substituted petitioner.

le

1180

Part III

—com

Report on withdrawal.

Withdrawal after double return at parliamentary election.

Abatement of petition.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(3) If the court does not so direct, then security to the same amount as would be required in the case of a new petition, and subject to the like conditions, shall be given on behalf of the substituted petitioner before he proceeds with his petition and within the prescribed time after the order of substitution.

(4) Subject as aforesaid, a substituted petitioner shall, as nearly as may be, stand in the same position and be subject to the same liabilities as the original petitioner.

131. —(1) In every case of the withdrawal of a parliamentary election petition, the court giving leave for the withdrawal shall make a report to the Speaker as required by subsection (2) of this section and in every case of the withdrawal by the leave of the election court of a petition questioning an election in England or Wales under die local government Act, that court shall make a report in writing to the High Court as so required.

(2) The report shall state whether in the opinion of the court the withdrawal of the petition was the result of any agreement, terms or undertaking or was in consideration of any payment, or in consideration that the seat or office should at any time be vacated or in consideration of the withdrawal of any other election petition or for any other consideration, and, if so, shall state the circumstances attending the withdrawal.

132. Where—

(a) a petition complains of a double return to a writ for a parliamentary election; and

(b) the respondent has given notice to the prescribed officer that he does not intend to oppose the petition; and

(c) no party has been admitted under the following

provisions to defend the petition; and

(d) there is no petition complaining of the other member returned on the double return,

the petitioner may withdraw by notice addressed to the prescribed officer who upon receipt of the notice shall report the fact of the withdrawal to the Speaker; and the House of Commons shall thereupon give the necessary directions for amending the double return by striking out the certificate by which the respondent declining to oppose the petition was returned, or otherwise as the case may require.

133. —(1) An election petition shall be abated by the death of a sole petitioner or of the survivor of several petitioners.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(2) The abatement shall not affect the liability of the petitioner or any other person to the payment of costs previously incurred.

(3) On the abatement the prescribed notice thereof shall be given in the constituency or local government area to which the petition relates; and within the prescribed time after the notice is given, any person who might have been a petitioner in respect of the election may apply to the election court or High Court in the prescribed manner and at the prescribed time and place to be substituted as a petitioner; and the court may, if it thinks fit, substitute him accordingly.

(4) Security shall be given on behalf of a petitioner so substituted, as in the case of a new petition.

(5) In the application of this section to an election of councillors in Scotland the reference in subsection (3) to the High Court shall be omitted, and the sheriff-substitute may act instead of the election court.

134.—<1) If before the trial of an election petition a respondent other than a returning officer—

(a) gives the prescribed notice that he does not intend to oppose the petition or dies; or

(b) where the petition questions a parliamentary election or return, is summoned to Parliament as a peer of Great Britain by a writ issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain or the House of Commons have resolved that his seat is vacant; or

(c) where the petition questions an election under the local government Act, resigns or otherwise ceases to hold the office to which the petition relates,

notice thereof shall be given in the constituency or local government area to which the petition relates, and, within the prescribed time after the notice is given, any person who might have been a petitioner in respect of the election may apply to a member of the election court or to the High Court to be admitted as a respondent to oppose the petition, and shall be admitted accordingly, except that the number of persons so admitted shall not exceed three.

The notice to be given under this subsection in any local

government area shall be such as may be prescribed.

(2) A respondent who has given the prescribed notice that he does not intend to oppose the petition shall not be allowed to appear or act as a party against the petition in any proceedings thereon, and if the petition relates to a parliamentary

1181

Part III —cont.

Withdrawal and substitution of respondents before trial.

1182

Ch. 68

Part HI

—cont.

Costs of petition.

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

election he shall not sit or vote in the House of Commons until the House of Commons has been informed of the report on the petition.

Where a respondent to a parliamentary election petition has given the said notice in the prescribed time and manner, the High Court or either of the judges constituting the election court shall report that fact to the Speaker.

(3) In the application of this section to an election of councillors in Scotland, the reference to the High Court shall be omitted and the sheriff-substitute may act instead of the election court.

135.—(1) All costs of and incidental to the presentation of an election petition and the proceedings consequent thereon, except such as are by this Act otherwise provided for, shall be defrayed by the parties to the petition in such manner and in such proportions as the election court or High Court may determine; and in particular any costs which in the opinion of the election court or High Court have been caused by vexatious conduct, unfounded allegations or unfounded objections on the part either of the petitioner or of the respondent, and any needless expense incurred or caused on the part of the petitioner or respondent, may be ordered to be defrayed by the parties by whom it has been incurred or caused whether or not they are on the whole successful.

(2) If a petitioner neglects or refuses, in the case of a petition questioning a parliamentary election or return, for six months, and in the case of a petition questioning an election under the local government Act, for three months, after demand to pay to any person summoned as a witness on his behalf or to the respondent any sum certified to be due to him for his costs, and the neglect or refusal is, within one year after the demand, proved to the satisfaction of the High Court, every person who under this Act entered into a recognisance relating to the petition shall be held to have made default in the recognisance, and the prescribed officer shall thereupon certify the recognisance to be forfeited and it shall be dealt with under the Levy of Fines Act, 1822, or the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, as the case may be.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) in relation to an election of councillors the references in subsection (1) to the High Court shall be omitted and for the like references in subsection (2) there shall be substituted references to the election court;

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(b) in lieu of the provisions for estreating a recognisance in subsection (2), the prescribed officer shall, when otherwise competent under the provisions of that subsection, certify that the conditions contained in the bond of caution have not been fulfilled, and it shall then be competent for the party or parties interested to register the said bond, and do diligence upon it as accords of law.

136-—(1) Where upon the trial of an election petition it Further appears to the election court that a corrupt practice has not prorision as to been proved to have been committed in reference to the election ?^tion by or with the knowledge and consent of the respondent to the petition, and that the respondent took all reasonable means to prevent corrupt practices being committed on his behalf, the court may make one or more orders with respect to the payment either of the whole or such part of the costs of the petition as the court may think right as provided by subsection (2) or (4) of this section.

(2) If it appears to the court that corrupt practices extensively prevailed in reference to the election, the court may order the whole or part of the costs to be paid, in the case of a parliamentary election, by the constituency for which the election was held, and, in the case of an election under the local government Act, by the authority for which the election was held.

(3) The Treasury shall pay any costs ordered to be paid by a constituency under the last foregoing subsection and obtain repayment of the amount so paid from the authority liable to pay registration expenses for that constituency, but that authority shall be entitled to the like contribution (if any) from any other local authority, and any such contribution shall be paid, in like manner as if those costs were registration expenses, and the Treasury may recover any advance so made by deduction from any sums payable under Part I of this Act to the said authority or in any other manner:

Provided that in relation to Northern Ireland the reference to the authority liable to pay registration expenses shall be taken as a reference to the council of any county or county borough in which the constituency is wholly or partly situated and, where more than one council is concerned, the said costs shall be paid by them in such proportion as the Secretary of State may direct, and the said costs so payable—

(a) by a county council shall be paid out of the poor rate

as a county at large charge;

(b) by the council of a county borough shall be paid out of

the rate or fund out of which the general expenses of the council are paid.

1183

Part in

— con

1184

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Part III (4) If it appears to the court that any person or persons is —com. or are proved, whether by providing money or otherwise, to have been extensively engaged in corrupt practices, or to have encouraged or promoted extensive corrupt practices in reference to the election, the court may, after giving that person or those persons an opportunity of being heard by counsel or solicitor and examining and cross-examining witnesses to show cause why the order should not be made, order the whole or part of the costs to be paid by that person, or those persons or any of them, and may order that if the costs cannot be recovered from one or more of those persons they shall be paid by some other of those persons or by either of the parties to the petition.

(5) Where any person appears to the court to have been guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice, the court may, after giving •that person an opportunity of making a statement to show why the order should not be made, order the whole or any part of the costs of or incidental to any proceeding before the court in relation to the said offence or to the said person to be paid by the said person to such person or persons as the court may direct.

Appeals and 137.—(1) No appeal shall lie without the special leave of

jurisdiction. the High Court from the decision of the High Court on any question of law, whether on appeal or otherwise, under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, and if leave to appeal is granted the decision of the Court of Appeal in the case shall be final and conclusive.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act and of the rules made under it, the principles, practice and rules on which committees of the House of Commons used to act in dealing with election petitions shall be observed, so far as may be, by the High Court and election court in the case of election petitions, and in particular the principles and rules with regard to agency and evidence and to a scrutiny, and to the declaring any person elected in, the room of any other person declared not to have been duly elected, shall be observed, as far as may be, in the case of a petition questioning an election under the local government Act as in the case of a petition questioning a parliamentary election or return.

(3) The High Court shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, have the same powers, jurisdiction and authority with respect to an election petition and the proceedings thereon as if the petition were an ordinary action within its jurisdiction.

(4) The duties to be performed in relation to parliamentary elections by the prescribed officer under this Part of this Act shall be performed by such one or more of the masters of the Supreme Court (King’s Bench Division) as the Lord Chief Justice may

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1185

determine, and there shall be awarded to those masters re- Part III spectively, in addition to their salaries payable apart from the provisions of this subsection, such remuneration for the performance of their duties in relation to parliamentary elections under this Part of this Act as the Lord Chief Justice with the consent of the Treasury may determine.

(5) The duties to be performed in relation to elections under the local government Act by the prescribed officer under this Part of this Act shall be performed by the prescribed officer of the High Court.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland, subsections

(1), (4) and (5) and in relation to elections of councillors, subsection (3) shall be omitted, but the duties to be performed in relation to parliamentary elections by the prescribed officer under this Part of this Act shall be performed by the principal Gerk of Session.

(7) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply in Northern Ireland and, in the application of subsection (4) of this section to Northern Ireland, the references to the Lord Chief Justice shall be taken as references to the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland and the reference to any master of the Supreme Court (King’s Bench Division) shall be taken as a reference to an officer of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland.

Consequences of finding by election court of corrupt or illegal practice

138.—(1) The report of an election court under section one Report as to hundred and twenty-four or one hundred and twenty-five candidate of this Act shall state whether any corrupt or illegal practice has or has not been proved to have been committed by or with the knowledge and consent of any candidate at the election, and practice, the nature of the corrupt or illegal practice.

(2) For the purposes of the next two following sections, if it is reported that a corrupt practice other than treating or undue influence was committed with the knowledge and consent of a candidate, he shall be treated as having been reported personally guilty of that corrupt practice, and if it is reported that an illegal practice was committed with the knowledge and consent of a candidate at a parliamentary election, he shall be treated as having been reported personally guilty of that illegal practice.

(3) The report shall also state whether any of the candidates has been guilty by his agents of any corrupt or illegal practice in reference to the election; but if a candidate is reported guilty

1186

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

1949

Part m by his agents of treating, undue influence or any illegal practice, —cont. and the court further reports that the candidate has proved to

the court—

(a) that no corrupt or illegal practice was committed at the

election by die candidate or his election agent and the offences mentioned in the report were committed contrary to the orders and without the sanction or connivance of the candidate or his election agent; and (b) that the candidate and his election agent took all reasonable means for preventing the commission of corrupt and illegal practices at the election; and

(c) that the offences mentioned in the report were of a

trivial, unimportant and limited character; and

(d) that in all other respects the election was free from any

corrupt or illegal practice on the part of the candidate and of his agents, then the candidate shall not be treated for the purposes of the next following section as having been reported guilty by his agents of the offences mentioned in the report.

(4) In relation to an election where candidates are not required to have election agents, for paragraphs (a) and (b) of the last foregoing subsection there shall be substituted the following paragraphs:—

" (a) that no corrupt or illegal practice was committed at the election by the candidate or with his knowledge or consent and the offences mentioned in the said report were committed without the sanction or connivance of the candidate; and

(b) that all reasonable means for preventing the commission of corrupt and illegal practices at the election were taken by and on behalf of the candidate."

(5) The provisions of the next two following sections as to the consequences of the report that a candidate was guilty by his agents of a corrupt or illegal practice shall have effect subject to the express provisions of this Act relating to particular acts which are declared to be corrupt or illegal practices.

139.—(1) If a candidate who has been elected is reported by an election court personally guilty or guilty by his agents of any corrupt or illegal practice his election shall be void.

reported guilty (2) A candidate at a parliamentary election shall also be megd°practice^ incapable from the date of the report of being elected to and sitting in the House of Commons for the constituency for which the election was held or any constituency which includes the whole or any part of the area of the first-mentioned constituency as constituted for the purposes of the election—

(a) if reported personally guilty of a corrupt practice, for ten years;

Avoidance of election and incapacity of candidate

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1187

(b) if reported guilty by his agents of a corrupt practice or Part III personally guilty of an illegal practice, for seven years;

he) if reported guilty by his agents of an illegal practice, during the Parliament for which the election was held.

(3) A candidate at an election under the local government Act shall also be incapable from the date of the report of holding any corporate office in the local government area for which the election was held, or in any local government area which includes the whole or any part of the area of the first-mentioned local government area as constituted for the purposes of the election, or, if the election was in Scotland, of holding any corporate office in Scotland—

(a) if reported personally guilty of a corrupt practice, for ten years;

(b) if reported guilty by his agents of a corrupt practice, for three years;

(c) if reported personally guilty or guilty by his agents of an illegal practice, during the period for which the candidate was elected to serve or for which if elected he might have served, and if at the date of the report he holds any such corporate office, then the office shall be vacated as from that date.

In this subsection the expression " corporate office" means in England and Wales the office of chairman, mayor, councillor or alderman of a county, borough, district or parish council or of elective auditor or of chairman of a parish meeting and in Scotland the office of councillor of a county, town or district council.

140.—(1) The report of the election court under section one Provision* hundred and twenty-four or one hundred and twenty-five of this arsons810 &U Act shall state the names of all persons (if any) who have been reported proved at the trial to have been guilty of any corrupt or illegal personally practice and whether they have been furnished with certificates guilty of a of indemnity, but, in the case of someone who is not a party to ^"^p* or .. the petition nor a candidate on behalf of whom the seat or office u,egal pra is claimed by the petition, the election court shall first cause notice to be given to him, and if he appears in pursuance of the notice, shall give him an opportunity of being heard by himself and of calling evidence in his defence to show why he should not be so reported.

It shall be the duty of the Director of public prosecutions to obey any directions given to him by the election court with respect to any person to whom such a notice is given.

(2) The report shall be laid before the Attorney-General with a view to his instituting or directing a prosecution against such persons as have not received certificates of indemnity, if the evidence should, in his opinion, be sufficient to support a prosecution.

1188 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Part ill (3) Subject to the provisions of section one hundred and fifty-—cont. two of this Act, a candidate or other person reported by an election court personally guilty of a corrupt practice shall for five years from the date of the report be incapable—

(a) of being registered as an elector or voting at any parliamentary election in the United Kingdom or at any election in Great Britain to any public office, and (b) of being elected to and sitting in the House of Commons, and

(c) of holding any public or judicial office, and, if already elected to the House of Commons or holding such office, shall from the said date vacate the seat or office.

(4) Subject to the provisions of section one hundred and fifty-two of this Act, a candidate or other person reported by an election court personally guilty of an illegal practice shall for five years from the date of the report be incapable of being registered as an elector or voting at any parliamentary election or at any election to a public office held—

(a) if the offence was committed in reference to a parliamentary election, for or within the constituency for which it was held or for or within any constituency or local government area wholly or partly within the area of the first-mentioned constituency as constituted for the purposes of the election;

(b) if the offence was committed in reference to an election

under the local government Act, for or within the local government area for which the election was held or for or within any constituency or local government area wholly or partly within the area of the first-mentioned local government area as constituted for the purposes of the election.

Where the offence was committed in reference to an election of councillors in Scotland, for the reference to an election to a public office there shall be substituted a reference to an election to the office of councillor.

(5) Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of subsection (2) of section one hundred and seventy-four of this Act, nothing in subsection (3) or (4) of this section shall affect matters relating to the Parliament of Northern Ireland and local elections and holding office in Northern Ireland.

Disciplinary action on report of corrupt practice.

141.—(1) Where a justice of the peace is reported by an election court to have been guilty of any corrupt practice in reference to an election, whether he has obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of public prosecutions to report the case to the Lord Chancellor with such evidence as may have been given of the corrupt practice.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1189

(2) Where a barrister, advocate, solicitor or any person who Part m belongs to any profession the admission to which is regulated —com. by law is reported by an election court to have been guilty of

any corrupt practice in reference to an election, whether he has obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of public prosecutions to bring the matter before the Inn of Court, High Court or tribunal having power to take cognizance of any misconduct of the person in his profession; and the Inn of Court, High Court or tribunal may deal with him as if the corrupt practice were misconduct by him in his profession.

(3) If it appears to an election court that a person holding a licence or certificate under the Licensing Acts has knowingly suffered any bribery or treating in reference to any election to take place upon his licensed premises,—

(a) the court shall, after affording him such rights as are

conferred on those about to be reported under subsection (1) of section one hundred and forty of this Act, report the fact; and

(b) whether that person has obtained a certificate of indem-

nity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of public prosecutions to bring the report before the licensing authority from whom, or on whose certificate, that person obtained his licence, and the licensing authority shall cause the report to be entered in the proper register of licences.

(4) The entry of the report in the said register shall be taken into consideration by the licensing authority in determining whether they will or will not grant a renewal of the licence or certificate of the person reported and may be a ground, if the authority think fit, for refusing the renewal thereof.

Further provision as to avoidance of elections and striking

off votes

142.—(1) Where on an election petition it is shown that Avoidance corrupt or illegal practices or illegal payments, employments or of election hirings committed in reference to the election for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of any person thereat have so etc extensively prevailed that they may be reasonably supposed to have affected the result, his election, if he has been elected, shall be void and he shall be incapable of being elected to fill the vacancy or any of the vacancies for which the election was held.

(2) An election shall not be liable to be avoided otherwise than under this section by reason of general corruption, bribery, treating or intimidation.

(3) An election under the local government Act may be questioned on the ground that it is avoided under this section.

1190

Ch. 68

Part m

—cont. Avoidance of election for employing corrupt agent.

Votes to be struck off for corrupt or illegal practices.

Power to except innocent act from being illegal practice, payment, employment or hiring.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

143. —(1) If at a parliamentary or local government election a candidate or his election agent personally engages as a canvasser or agent for the conduct or management of the election any person whom he knows or has reasonable grounds for supposing to be subject to an incapacity to vote at the election by reason—

(a) of his having been convicted or reported of any corrupt

or illegal practice within the meaning of this Act or of the law relating to elections for the Parliament of Northern Ireland; or

(b) of his having been convicted more than once of an

offence under the Public Bodies Corrupt Practices Act, 1889;

the candidate shall be incapable of being elected to fill the vacancy or any of the vacancies for which the election is held.

(2) A local government election may be questioned on the ground that the person whose election is questioned was, at the time of the election, by virtue of this section incapable of being elected; but a vote given for such a person either at a parliamentary or local government election shall not, by reason of his incapacity under this section, be deemed to be thrown away so as to entitle another candidate to be declared elected, unless given at a poll consequent on the decision of an election court that he was so incapable.

144. —(1) Where, on a parliamentary election petition claiming the seat for any person, a candidate is proved to have been guilty by himself, or by any person on his behalf, of bribery, treating or undue influence in respect of any person who voted at the election there shall, on a scrutiny, be struck off from the number of votes appearing to have been given to the candidate one vote for every person who voted at the election and is proved to have been so bribed, treated or unduly influenced.

(2) If any person who is guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice or of illegal payment, employment or hiring at an election votes at the election, his vote shah be void.

(3) If any person who is subject under any enactment relating to corrupt or illegal practices to an incapacity to vote at a parliamentary election or an election to any public office votes at that election, his vote shall be void.

Power to except innocent act from being illegal practice, payment, employment or hiring

145. —(1) An application for relief under this section may be made to the High Court or an election court or else, if in respect of a payment made in contravention of subsection (1) or (2) of section sixty-six of, or of paragraph 1 of the Sixth Schedule to, this Act, to the county court.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1191

Act, 1949

(2) If it is shown to the court by such evidence as to the Part III

court seems sufficient— —com.

(a) that any act or omission of any person would apart

from this section by reason of being in contravention of this Act be an illegal practice, payment, employment or hiring;

(b) that the act or omission arose from inadvertence or from accidental miscalculation or from some other reasonable cause of a like nature, and in any case did not arise from any want of good faith; and

(c) that such notice of the application has been given in

the constituency or, as the case may be, the area of the authority for which the election was held, as to the court seems fit,

and under the circumstances it seems to the court to be just that either that or any other person should not be subject to any of the consequences under this Act of the act or omission, the court may make an order allowing the act or omission to be an exception from the provisions of this Act making it an illegal practice, payment, employment or hiring and thereupon no person shall be subject to any of the consequences under this Act of the said act or omission.

(3) In relation to an election of councillors in Scotland, the references in subsection <1) of this section to applications to the High Court or the county court shall be omitted.

(4) Except in Scotland, the jurisdiction vested by the foregoing provisions of this section in the High Court in matters relating to parliamentary elections shall, subject to rules of court, be exercised by one of the judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions, sitting either in court or at chambers but shall not be exercisable by a master.

The reference in this subsection to rules of court shall not include a reference to rules made before the passing of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

(5) The jurisdiction vested by this section in a county court may, save in Northern Ireland, be exercised otherwise than in open court, and, in Northern Ireland, shall be exercised in accordance with rules of court.

An appeal shall lie to the High Court from any order of the county court made under this section.

Prosecutions for corrupt or illegal practices

146.—(1) A corrupt practice shall be punishable on convic- Prosecutions tion on indictment or on summary conviction (including con-for corrupt viction under section one hundred and forty-nine of this Act Practices* by an election court):

Provided that—

(a) an indictment shall not be triable before a court of quarter sessions;

1192

Part ID —cant.

Prosecutions for illegal practices.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(6) a person shall not be prosecuted summarily where there may be occasion to exercise the powers conferred by subsections (1) and (2) of section one hundred and fifty-two of this Act.

(2) A person convicted on indictment of a corrupt practice, other than personation or aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring the commission of the offence of personation, shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year or a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

(3) A person who commits the offence of personation or of aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring the commission of the offence of personation shall be guilty of felony and if convicted thereof on indictment shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years.

(4) A person shall be liable if summarily convicted of a corrupt practice—

(a) by a court of summary jurisdiction, to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both;

(b) by an election court, to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

(5) A person charged with personation shall not be convicted by a court of summary jurisdiction or, save under section one hundred and forty-nine of this Act, committed for trial except on the evidence of not less than two credible witnesses.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland the words from 44 by a court " to 44 or committed for trial " shall be omitted.

(6) If it appears to the court by which any person holding a licence or certificate under the Licensing Acts is convicted of the offence of bribery or treating that the offence was committed on his licensed premises, the court shall direct the conviction to be entered in the proper register of licences, and the entry shall be taken into consideration by the licensing authority in determining whether they will or will not grant a renewal of the licence or certificate and may be a ground, if the authority think fit, for refusing the renewal thereof.

(7) In this section the expression "indictment" includes criminal information.

147. A person guilty of an illegal practice shall on summary conviction (including conviction under section one hundred and forty-nine of this Act by an election court) be liable to a fine not

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1193

Act, 1949

exceeding one hundred pounds; and on a prosecution for an part 111 illegal practice it shall be sufficient to allege that the person —cont. charged was guilty of an illegal practice.

148. Any person charged with a corrupt practice may, if the Conviction circumstances warrant such finding, be found guilty of an illegal of iJ^gal practice (which offence shall for that purpose be an indictablechargeof" offence), and any person charged with an illegal practice may corrupt

be found guilty of that offence notwithstanding that the act practice, etc. constituting the offence amounted to a corrupt practice.

149. —(1) The Director of public prosecutions shall obey any Prosecution direction given to him by an election court with respect to the offences prosecution by him of offenders, and if it appears to him that elation °n any person who has not received a certificate of indemnity has petition, been guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice, he shall, without

any such direction, prosecute that person for that offence before the election court, or if he thinks it expedient in the interests of justice, before any other competent court.

(2) Where a person prosecuted before an election court appears before the court, the court shall proceed to try him summarily unless the court thinks it expedient in the interests of justice that he should be tried before some other court:

Provided that in the case of a corrupt practice, the court before proceeding to try him summarily shall give him the option of being tried by a jury.

(3) The Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, apply to the prosecution of an offence summarily before an election court, in like manner as if it were an offence punishable only on summary conviction, and accordingly the attendance of any person may be enforced, the case heard and determined, and any summary conviction by such court carried into effect and enforced, and the costs thereof paid, and the record thereof dealt with under those Acts in like manner as if the court were a petty sessional court for the county or place in which the conviction took place:

Provided that no appeal shall lie against a conviction by an election court.

(4) Where—

(a) the person prosecuted does not appear before the court, or

(6) the court thinks it expedient in the interests of justice that he should be tried before some other court, or

(c) the person prosecuted elects under subsection (2) of this section to be tried by a jury, and the court is of opinion that the evidence is sufficient to put that person upon his trial for the offence, the court shall order that person to be prosecuted either on indictment or before

2 R

1194 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Part HI a court of summary jurisdiction, as the case may require,

—com.. for the offence and thereupon shall proceed as directed by sub-

sections (6), (7) or (8) of this section:

Provided that, except where the accused has elected to be tried by a jury, a corrupt practice shall not for the purposes of the following provisions of this section, be deemed to be an indictable offence if the election court think that it should be prosecuted summarily.

(5) The court may name the court before whom the person is to be prosecuted and for all purposes preliminary to and of and incidental to the prosecution the offence shall be deemed to have been committed within the jurisdiction of the court so named.

(6) If the accused is present before the court and the offence is an indictable offence, the enactments relating to charges before justices against persons for indictable offences shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, apply and the court shall commit him for trial.

(7) If the accused is present before the court and the offence is not an indictable offence, the election court shall order him to be brought before the court of summary jurisdiction before whom he is to be prosecuted or cause him to give bail to appear before that court of summary jurisdiction.

(8) If the accused is not present before the court, the court shall as circumstances require issue a summons for his attendance, or a warrant to apprehend him and bring him before a court of summary jurisdiction.

(9) The court of summary jurisdiction before whom he attends or is brought shall—

(a) if the offence is an indictable offence, on proof only

of the summons or warrant and the identity of the accused, commit him for trial; and

(b) if the offence is not an indictable offence, proceed to

hear the case or, if the court of summary jurisdiction is not the court before whom he is directed to be prosecuted, order him to be brought before that court.

(10) Any order or act of an election court under this section relating to an election under the local government Act shall not be discharged or varied under subsection (6) of section one hundred and fifteen of this Act.

(11) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply in Scotland, but if at the trial in Scotland of an election petition the election court grants a warrant for the apprehension, commitment or citation of any person suspected of being guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice, the case shall be reported to the

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1195

Lord Advocate in order that that person may be brought to Part III trial before the High Court of Justiciary or the sheriff (excluding sheriff-substitute), according to the nature of the case, and it shall be the duty of the advocate depute or, in his absence, the procurator-fiscal if it appears to him that a corrupt or illegal practice has been committed by any person who has not received a certificate of indemnity, to report the case to the Lord Advocate with a view to that person being brought to trial before the proper court, although no warrant may have been issued by the election court.

All prosecutions directed to be tried in the sheriff court shall be tried by the sheriff (excluding sheriff-substitute).

150.—(1) Where a person is acquitted on any indictment by Costs in a private prosecutor for any corrupt practice in England or prosecutions of Wales, and the person acquitted has not been committed to or detained in custody or bound by recognizance to answer the p indictment, the court before which the person acquitted is tried may order the prosecutor to pay the whole or any part of the costs incurred in or about the defence, including any proceedings before the examining justices, as taxed by the proper officer of the court.

In this subsection the expression " prosecutor " includes any person who appears to the court to be a person at whose instance the prosecution has been instituted or under whose conduct the prosecution is at any time carried on.

(2) An order under the foregoing subsection may be made in addition to an order directing payment of costs out of local funds, but notice of the order under the foregoing subsection shall be sent to the council of the county or borough out of the funds of which they are so payable.

(3) An order under subsection (1) of this section may be enforced by the person to whom the costs are ordered to be paid in the same manner as an order for the payment of costs made by the High Court in civil proceedings, or as a civil debt in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

(4) Where a person has been committed for trial and is not ultimately tried, the court to which he is committed shall have power to order payment of costs under subsection (1) of this section as if the defendant had been tried and acquitted.

(5) Any criminal court in Scotland, before which a prosecution is instituted on indictment for a corrupt practice, may order the defendant to pay to the prosecutor the prosecutor’s reasonable costs of the prosecution.

(6) If, on an indictment or criminal information instituted by a private prosecutor in Northern Ireland for a corrupt practice, judgment is given for the defendant, the defendant shall be

2R2

1196

Part 111

—cont.

Incapacities on conviction of corrupt or illegal practice.

Mitigation and remission of incapacities.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

entitled to recover from the prosecutor the chsts sustained by the defendant by reason of the indictment or information, such costs to be taxed by the proper officer of the court.

Neither the Attorney-General for Northern Ireland nor any representative of his shall be deemed to be a private prosecutor for the purposes of this subsection.

(7) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, where a prosecution on indictment or criminal information for a corrupt practice is instituted in Northern Ireland the costs of the prosecution shall, so far as they are not paid by the defendant, be paid in like manner as costs are paid in the case of a prosecution for felony.

151. Subject to the provisions of the next following section, but in addition to any punishment as provided by the foregoing provisions,—

(a) a person convicted of a corrupt practice on indictment

or by an election court shall be subject to the incapacities imposed by subsection (3) of section one hundred and forty of this Act as if at the date of the conviction he had been reported personally guilty of that corrupt practice; and

(b) a person convicted of an illegal practice shall be subject to the incapacities imposed by subsection (4) of the said section one hundred and forty as if at the date of the conviction he had been reported personally guilty of that illegal practice.

In this section the expression " indictment " includes criminal information.

Mitigation and remission of incapacities.

152.—(1) Where any person is subject to any incapacity by virtue of the report of an election court or of election commissioners, and he or some other person in respect of whose acts the incapacity was imposed is on a prosecution acquitted of any of the matters in respect of which the incapacity was imposed, the court may order that the incapacity shall thenceforth cease so far as it is imposed in respect of those matters.

(2) Where any person who is subject to any incapacity as aforesaid is on a prosecution convicted of any such matters as aforesaid, no further incapacity shall be taken to be imposed by reason of the conviction, and the court shall have the like power (if any) to mitigate or remit for the future the incapacity so far as it is imposed by section one hundred and forty of this Act or section thirty-eight of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, in respect of the matters of which he is convicted, as if the incapacity had been imposed by reason of the conviction.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(3) A court exercising any of the powers conferred by subsections (1) and (2) of this section, shall make an order declaring how far, if at all, the incapacities imposed by virtue of the relevant report remain unaffected by the exercise of the said power, and that order shall be conclusive for all purposes.

(4) Where a person convicted of a corrupt or illegal practice is subsequently reported to have been guilty thereof by an election court, no further incapacity shall be imposed on him under the said section one hundred and forty by reason of the report.

(5) Where any person is subject to any incapacity by virtue of a conviction or of the report of an election court, and any witness who gave evidence against that person upon the proceeding for the conviction or report is convicted of perjury in respect of that evidence, the incapacitated person may apply to the High Court, and the Court, if satisfied that the conviction or report so far as respects that person was based upon perjury, may order that the incapacity shall thenceforth cease.

(6) Except in Scotland, the jurisdiction vested in the High Court by subsection (5) of this section in matters relating to parliamentary elections shall, subject to rules of court, be exercised by one of the judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of parliamentary election petitions either in court or at chambers, or by a master of the Supreme Court in manner directed by and subject to an appeal to the said judges.

The reference in this subsection to rules of court shall not include a reference to rules made before the passing of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

Illegal payments, employments or hirings

153,—(1) A person guilty of an offence of illegal payment, employment or hiring shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds; and on a prosecution for such an offence it shall be sufficient to allege that the person charged was guilty of an illegal payment, employment or hiring as the case may be.

(2) A candidate or election agent who is personally guilty of an offence of illegal payment, employment or hiring shall be guilty of an illegal practice, and if an offence of illegal payment, employment or hiring is committed with the knowledge and consent of a candidate at an election where candidates are not required to have election agents, the candidate shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(3) Any person charged with an offence of illegal payment, employment or hiring may be found guilty of that offence, notwithstanding that the act constituting the offence amounted to a corrupt or illegal practice.

1197

Part III

—cont.

Illegal payments, employments or hirings.

1198

Part III

—com. Time limit for prosecutions.

Prosecutions for offences committed outside the United Kingdom.

Offences by corporations.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

General provisions as to prosecutions

154. —(1) A proceeding against a person in respect of any offence to which this section applies shall be commenced within one year after the offence was committed, or if it was committed in reference to an election with respect to which an inquiry is held by election commissioners shall be commenced within one year after the offence was committed or within three months after the report of the commissioners is made, whichever period last expires, so that it be commenced within two years after the offence was committed, and the time so limited by this section shall, in the case of any proceedings under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts for any such offence, whether before an election court or otherwise, be substituted for any limitation of time contained in the last mentioned Acts.

(2) For the purpose of this section, the issue of a summons, warrant or other process shall be deemed to be a commencement of a proceeding, where the service or execution of the same on or against the alleged offender is prevented by the absconding or concealment or act of the alleged offender, but save as aforesaid service or execution of the same on or against the alleged offender, and not the issue thereof, shall be deemed to be the commencement of the proceeding.

(3) This section applies to any corrupt or illegal practice, any illegal payment, employment or hiring and any offence under subsection (1) of section eighty-six, section ninety-five or one hundred and twenty-nine of this Act.

155. —(1) Proceedings under this Act, so far as it relates to parliamentary elections, in respect of an offence alleged to have been committed outside the United Kingdom by a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland may be taken before the appropriate court in the United Kingdom having jurisdiction in the place where the person charged is for the time being.

(2) Any period fixed by law as the period within which proceedings may be commenced shall, in the case of any such proceedings as are mentioned in the foregoing subsection, be reckoned as from the date on which the person charged first landed in the United Kingdom next after the commission of the offence, and for the purposes of this provision a person entering Northern Ireland by land shall be deemed thereby to land in the United Kingdom.

156. Where any corrupt or illegal practice or any illegal payment, employment or hiring or any offence under section ninety-five of this Act is committed by any association or body of persons, corporate or unincorporate, the members of the association or body who have taken part in the commission of the offence shall be liable to any fine or punishment imposed for that offence by this Act.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1199

157. —(1) Where an information for a corrupt practice or an part III offence under subsection (1) of section eighty-six or section one —cont. hundred and twenty-nine of this Act is instituted in the High pJ.ao of *jjal Court in England and the Attorney-General suggests on the^Jj^Sns part of the Crown that it is expedient for the purposes of

justice that the information should be tried in the Central Criminal Court, the High Court may, if the Court thinks fit, order that the information shall be so tried upon such terms • as to the Court seems just and may make such orders as appears to the court necessary or proper for carrying into effect the order for the trial.

(2) Subject to rules of court, the jurisdiction vested by this section in the High Court may be exercised by any judge of the King's Bench Division.

158. On any prosecution for a corrupt or illegal practice or Evidence by for any illegal payment, employment or hiring and on any certificate of proceedings for a penalty under section seventy-three of or paragraph 4 of the Sixth Schedule to this Act, the certificate of

the returning officer at an election that the election mentioned in the certificate was duly held and that the person named in the certificate was a candidate at the election shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein stated.

159. —(D Where information is given to the Director of Provisions as public prosecutions that any corrupt or illegal practice hasto Director of occurred in reference to any election, it shall be his duty to make ecutioi,s such inquiries and institute such prosecutions as the circum-p

stances of the case appear to him to require.

(2) The Director of public prosecutions by himself or by his assistant or by his representative appointed under the next following subsection shall attend the trial of every election petition.

(3) The Director of public prosecutions may nominate, with the approval of the Attorney-General, a barrister or solicitor of not less than ten years standing to be his representative for the purposes of this Part of this Act and that representative shall receive such remuneration as the Treasury may approve.

(4) The Director of public prosecutions in performing any duty under this Act shall act in accordance with regulations under the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879, and subject thereto in accordance with the directions (if any) given to him by the Attorney-General, and any assistant or representative of the Director of public prosecutions in performing any duty under this Part of this Act shall act in accordance with the said regulations and directions (if any) and with the directions given to him by the Director of public prosecutions.

1200

Part III

—cont.

Rules of procedure.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(5) A prosecution by the Director of public prosecutions or his assistant for any offence punishable summarily committed in reference to an election under the local government Act may be instituted before any court of summary jurisdiction in the county in which the local government area for which the election was held is situate or to which it adjoins, and the offence shall be deemed for all purposes to have been committed within the jurisdiction of that court.

For the purposes of this subsection—

(a) any two counties having a single commission of the

peace shall be treated as a single county; and

(b) no county of a city or town shall be treated as part of

a county; and

(c) a county borough in which justices of any county have

jurisdiction shall be treated as part of that county.

(6) There shall be allowed to the Director of public prosecutions and his assistant or representative for the purposes of this Part of this Act other than his general duties under subsection (1) of this section such allowances for expenses as the Treasury may approve.

(7) The costs incurred in defraying the expenses of the Director of public prosecutions incurred for the said purposes (including the remuneration of his representative) shall, in the first instance, be paid by the Treasury, and so far as they are not in the case of any prosecution paid by the defendant shall be deemed to be expenses of the election court; but if for any reasonable cause it seems just to the court so to do, the court shall order all or part of the said costs to be repaid to the Treasury by the parties to the petition, or such of them as the court may direct.

(8) In the application of this section to Scotland, subsections

(2) to (7) shall be omitted.

(9) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, the reference to the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879, shall not apply.

Supplemental

160.—(1) The authority having for the time being power to make rules of court for the Supreme Court may make rules for the purposes of Part II and this Part of this Act.

(2) The power conferred by the foregoing subsection to make rules shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and be treated for the purposes of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, as if conferred on a Minister of the Crown and a statutory instrument

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1201

containing rules under the foregoing subsection shall be subject Part in to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of —emu. Parliament.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply in Scotland, but the Court of Session shall have power to make acts of sederunt for the purposes of Part II and this Part of this Act.

(4) Subsection (2) of this section shall not apply in relation to Northern Ireland, but any rules under subsection (1) of this section relating to Northern Ireland shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House of Parliament within a period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such rules are laid before it, resolves that the rules be annulled, they shall thereupon become void, without prejudice, however, to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new rules.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not apply to the said rules.

161.—(1) The rules and regulations of the Supreme Court Costs, with respect to costs to be allowed in actions, causes and matters in the High Court shall in principle and so far as practicable apply to the costs of petition and other proceedings under Part II or this Part of this Act, and the taxing officer shall not allow any costs on a higher scale than would be allowed in any action, cause or matter in the High Court on the higher scale as between solicitor and client.

(2) Where any costs or other sums are, under the order of an election court or otherwise under this Part of this Act, to be paid by any person, those costs or sums shall be a simple contract debt due from that person to the person or persons to whom they are to be paid, and if payable to the Treasury, shall be a debt due to His Majesty and in either case may be recovered accordingly.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to Scotland, but the said costs shall, subject to any regulations which the Court of Session may make by act of sederunt, be taxed as nearly as possible according to the same principles as costs between solicitor and client are taxed in a cause in the Court of Session, or, when incurred in relation to an election of councillors, the sheriff court.

2 R

1202

Ch. 68

Part III

—cont. Service of notices.

Interpretation of Part III.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

162. —(1) Any summons, notice or document required to be served on any person with reference to any proceeding respecting an election for the purpose of causing him to appear before the High Court, the county court, or any election court, or otherwise or of giving him an opportunity of making a statement, or showing cause, or being heard by himself before any court for any purpose of this Part of this Act may be served—

(a) by delivering it to that person, or by leaving it at, or

sending it by post by a registered letter to, his last known place of abode in the constituency or, as the case may be, the area of the authority for which the election was held, or

(b) if the proceeding is before any court in such other

manner as the court may direct.

(2) In proving service by post under this section it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter was prepaid, properly addressed, and registered with the post office.

163. In this Part of this Act the following expressions shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

"appropriate officer" has the same meaning as in subsection (6) of section fifty-five of this Act;

" candidate " has the same meaning as in Part II of this Act and the saving in subsection (1) of section one hundred and four of this Act shall apply in relation to this Part as in relation to Part II of this Act;

"costs" includes charges and expenses;

" date of the allowance of an authorised excuse " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (8) of section seventy-four of, or paragraph 7 of the Sixth Schedule to, this Act, as the case may be;

" declaration as to election expenses" means a declaration made under section seventy of, or, as the case may be, paragraph 3 of the Sixth Schedule to, this Act;

" judicial office " includes the office of justice of the peace;

" Licensing Acts" means the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, and the Acts amending that Act, or the corresponding enactments forming part of the law of Scotland or Northern Ireland;

"payment" includes any pecuniary or other reward; and " pecuniary reward " and " money " shall be deemed to include any office, place or employment and any valuable security or equivalent for money, and any valuable consideration, and expressions referring to money shall be construed accordingly;

" prescribed" means prescribed by rules of court;

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

" public office" means any office under the Crown or under the charter of a city or municipal borough or under the Acts relating to local government or public health or public education, whether the office is that of mayor, provost, chief magistrate, chairman, alderman, bailie, councillor, member of a board, commission or other local authority in any local government or other area, or is the office of clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer under a council, board, commission or other authority, or is any other office to which a person is elected or appointed under any such charter or enactment as aforesaid, including any other municipal or parochial office;

"return as to election expenses" means a return made under section sixty-nine of, or, as the case may be* paragraph 3 of the Sixth Schedule to, this Act;

" Speaker " includes Deputy Speaker and, where the office of Speaker is vacant. Clerk of the House of Commons, or any other officer for the time being performing the duties of Clerk of the House of Commons.

164. The provisions of section one hundred and six of this Act shall apply in computing any period of time for the purposes of this Part of this Act as for the purposes of Part II of this Act.

Part IV

Special Provisions as to certain Local Elections

165. —(1) Parts II and III of this Act and, in Part I, subsection

(2) of section forty, section forty-seven and section fifty-three and in this Part, subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-eight, so far as they apply to an election in England or Wales of district or parish councillors or of a chairman of a district council or parish council or meeting shall have effect subject to such adaptations, modifications and exceptions as may be made by district or parish election rules but, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Act, an election of district or parish councillors not regulated by district or parish election rules shall not be treated as an election under the local government Act for the purposes of the enactments in this section before mentioned:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect the operation of section eighty-three or section eighty-seven.

(2) Subject to the provisions of section two hundred and thirty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1933, all the provisions of Part I of this Act with respect to the nomination and election of councillors of a borough not divided into wards shall apply to the nomination and election of elective auditors under the said section two hundred and thirty-eight:

2 R* 2

1203

Part III —cont.

Computation of time for the purposes of Part HI.

Application of Act to certain local elections in England and Wales.

1204

Part IV

—cont.

Local elections in Scotland excluded from Parts II and III.

Municipal elections in the City of London.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Provided that voting by post or by proxy shall not be allowed at an election of elective auditors.

(3) The references to local government elections in sections thirty-five, thirty-eight, forty-seven and fifty-two of this Act shall include references to elections of elective auditors.

(4) This Act, save Part I thereof, shall have effect as if an election of a councillor to the council of the City of Oxford or of the Borough of Cambridge which is not made by the local government electors were an election under the local government Act but such elections of councillors shall not be treated as local government elections within the meaning of this Act.

166. Except in the phrase " election to any public office " wherever it is used, references in Parts II and III and in subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-eight of this Act to elections or to elections under the local government Act shall not include references to elections under the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, other than elections of councillors.

167. —(1) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section forty and sections forty-seven and forty-eight in Part I, the whole of Part II save sections eighty-three and eighty-six, the whole of Part III, subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-eight in this Part and Part V,—

(a) the expressions " local government election " and

" election under the local government Act " shall include a municipal election in the City of London (that is to say an election to the office of mayor, alderman, common councilman or sheriff and also the election of any officer elected by the mayor, aldermen and liverymen in common hall);

(b) the expression " corporate office " shall include each

of the aforesaid offices;

(c) the expression " local government area " shall include

the City of London;

(d) the expression " clerk of the authority " shall mean in relation to the City of London the town clerk of the City of London;

(e) the expression " electoral area " shall mean in relation to a ward election, the ward, and in relation to any other municipal election in the City of London, the City of London:

Provided that in relation to municipal elections in the City of London the said enactments shall have effect subject to the modifications hereafter mentioned in this section.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(2) In the said subsection (2) of section forty for the words "qualified to be registered in the register of local government electors " there shall be substituted the words "qualified to vote at a municipal election in the City of London "; and the town clerk of the City of London shall send the corrupt and illegal practices list when made out by him to the secondary not less than fourteen days before the day on which the ward list for each ward is required to be published, and the secondary shall omit from each ward list the names of all persons mentioned in the corrupt and illegal practices list and the corrupt and illegal practices list shall be printed and appended to every copy of each ward list.

(3) In the said sections forty-seven and forty-eight the expression " vote " shall not include voting otherwise than on a poll and, in the said section forty-eight, sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (a) of subsection (2) shall not apply.

(4) For a candidate at a ward election the maximum amount of election expenses shall be twenty-five pounds and, if the number of electors (taken according to the enumeration of the electors in the ward list to be used at the election) exceeds five hundred, an additional twopence for each elector above the first five hundred electors.

(5) A candidate at an election by liverymen in common hall need not have an election agent, his maximum amount of election expenses shall be two hundred and fifty pounds, and section seventy-eight and the Sixth Schedule shall apply at such an election as it applies to an election of parish councillors so, however, that the form of declaration as to election expenses shall be such as may be prescribed by Act of Common Council.

(6) In section eighty-four of this Act the reference to the day of election shall be taken as a reference to the day fixed for the election and (where a poll is taken) any day thereafter up to and including the day of the poll, but in relation to a meeting held with reference to an election other than an annual election that section shall not apply to an offence committed on or before the day on which the precept is issued.

(7) Any costs or expenses directed to be paid under subsection (5) of section one hundred and sixteen or under subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty-six of this Act by the authority for which the election was held shall, if incurred in respect of a ward election, be paid out of the ward rate of that ward and, in any other case, shall be paid by the chamberlain of the City of London out of the city’s cash.

168.—(1) If any person votes, or induces or procures any person to vote, at an election under the local government Act which is not a local government election, knowing that he or

1205

Part IV

—cont.

Voting offences at certain local elections.

1206

Ch. 68

Part IV

—cont.

Interpretation of other Acts.

Effect of incapacities under the law of Northern Ireland.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

that person is prohibited by any enactment from voting at that election, he shall be guilty of an illegal practice:

Provided that a candidate shall not be liable nor shall his election be avoided for any illegal practice under this subsection committed without his knowledge or consent.

(2) Every person who at an election of councillors in Scotland where the poll is taken by means of voting papers—

(a) fabricates, in whole or in part, or alters, defaces,

destroys, abstracts or purloins any voting paper; or

(b) personates any person entitled to vote at* the election; or

(c) falsely assumes to act in the name or on behalf of any

person so entitled to vote; or

(d) interferes with the delivery or collection of any voting

papers; or

(e) delivers any voting paper under a false pretence of being lawfully authorised to do so,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for any period not exceeding three months and shall be deemed to have committed an illegal practice.

Part V General

169. —(1) The Eighth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the interpretation of Acts other than this Act so, however, that the inclusion in the said Schedule of any express provision shall not be taken to prejudice the operation in relation to this Act of any provision of the Interpretation Act, 1889, as to repeals.

(2) The provisions of the said Schedule may be supplemented in relation to any Act passed before the Representation of the People Act, 1948, by an order made by the Secretary of State in any particular case where that appears to him necessary for harmonising the previous Act with the provisions of the said Act of 1948 re-enacted by this Act.

(3) Any power conferred by this section or by the said Schedule to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any such instrument shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

170. —(1) So long as any person is subject, by virtue of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Act, 1883, or the Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884, as those Acts are applied in relation to the Parliament of Northern Ireland and

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

local elections in Northern Ireland, or of any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland amending or replacing those Acts, to any incapacity with respect to the Parliament of Northern Ireland, he shall be subject to the like incapacity with respect to the Parliament of the United Kingdom.

(2) Where by reason of anything done in reference to an election a person is subject to an incapacity with respect to the Parliament of Northern Ireland and the incapacity is limited to a particular constituency or constituencies, then the like incapacity imposed by this section with respect to the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall be limited to any constituency which includes the area or part of the area for which the said election was held.

171.—(1) In this Act the following expressions shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

" Attorney General " includes the Solicitor General in cases where the Attorney General is interested or otherwise unable to act;

" Clerk of the Crown" means Clerk of the Crown in Chancery;

" dwelling house " includes any part of a house where that part is occupied separately as a dwelling house;

" election" means a parliamentary election or an election under the local government Act;

" election commissioners" means commissioners appointed in pursuance of the Election Commissioners Act, 1852;

" election court " means—

(a) in relation to a parliamentary election petition, the judges presiding at the trial;

(b) in relation to a petition questioning an election under the local government Act, the court constituted under this Act for the trial of that petition;

" election petition" means a petition presented in pursuance of Part III of this Act and " parliamentary election petition" means an election petition questioning a parliamentary election or return;

"elector" in relation to an election,means any person whose name is for the time being on the register to be used at that election;

" legal incapacity " includes (in addition to any incapacity by virtue of any subsisting provision of the common law) any disqualification imposed by this Act or any other Act;

1207

Part V —com.

General provisions as to

interpretation.

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

"parliamentary elections rules" means the parliamentary elections rules in the Second Schedule to this Act;

" person " includes (without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpretation Act, 1889) an association corporate or unincorporate;

" prescribed " save in Part III of this Act means prescribed by regulations;

" registration duties " includes the duties of a registration officer as such with respect to voting by post or by proxy, with respect to any corrupt and illegal practices list and with respect to the lists of rooms to the use of which candidates are entitled under this Act;

" service voter" means a person whose service declaration is for the time being in force or who remains registered in pursuance of a service declaration no longer in force;

" sub-agent " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection

(1) of section fifty-six of this Act;

" voter" means a person voting at an election and includes a person voting as proxy and, except in the parliamentary and local elections rules, a person voting by proxy, and " vote " (whether noun or verb) shall be construed accordingly, except that in the said rules any reference to an elector voting or an elector’s vote shall include a reference to an elector voting by proxy or an elector’s vote given by proxy.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, be taken as referring to that enactment as amended by any other enactment.

(3) Where the returning officer for a parliamentary election is required or authorised by this Act to give any public notice, he shall do so by advertisements, placards, handbills or such other means as he thinks best calculated to afford information to the voters.

(4) Any person before whom a declaration is authorised to be made under this Act may take the declaration.

(5) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations shall, except where this Act otherwise provides, be a power exercisable by the Secretary of State by statutory instrument, and a statutory instrument containing regulations made by the Secretary of State under this Act, other than regulations made for the purposes of the local elections rules shall not come into force unless or until it is approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1209

172.—(1) In this Act unless the context otherwise requires Part V the following expressions have, in relation to England and Wales, —cont. the meanings assigned to them by this subsection, that is to an^appSa-11

tion of local

" borough " includes a metropolitan borough; government

provisions

" county" means (subject to subsection (4) of this section) in England an administrative county; and Wales.

"county district" means a borough other than a metropolitan or county borough, an urban district or a rural district;

" district council" means an urban district council or a rural district council;

" district councillor" means an urban district councillor or a rural district councillor;

" district election rules " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of this Act;

"electoral area" means any electoral division, borough, ward, district, parish or other area for which an election of councillors is held under the local government Act;

"local elections rules" means the local elections rules in the Second Schedule to this Act;

" local government Act " means, except in relation to the administrative County of London, the Local Government Act, 1933, and in relation to the administrative County of London, the London Government Act, 1939;

" local government area" means a county, borough, urban or rural district or parish;

" local government election" means the election of councillors for any electoral area;

" parish ", save in section eighty-three of this Act means a rural parish within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933;

" parish election rules " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of this Act.

(2) In this Act the expression "clerk of the authority" in relation to a borough means the town clerk, and where the town clerk of a borough is registration officer references to the authority whose clerk he is refer to the borough council; and references to the clerk of the authority of a county borough, metropolitan borough or county district acting on the requisition of a registration officer include an officer designated by the council thereof and so acting.

(3) Subject to any express provision therein contained. Part I of this Act, so far as it has effect for the purposes of parliamentary elections or of elections of London county councillors, shafi

1210

Part V

—co

General application to Scotland.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

apply in relation to the City of London as if it were a metropolitan borough and as if the common council were a metropolitan borough council, but with the substitution for references to the town clerk of references to the secondary; and for the purposes of this subsection the Inner Temple and Middle Temple shall be treated as forming part of the said City:

Provided that the foregoing modifications shall not affect the local elections rules or section twenty-two or subsection (5) of section forty-one of this Act.

(4) This Act shall apply in relation to the Isles of Scilly as if those isles were an administrative county and as if the council of those isles were a county council, except that—

(a) paragraph 1 of the Fourth Schedule and any reference to a person acting in pursuance of the requisition of the registration officer shall apply as if the isles were a county district and the council were a district council;

(b) the provisions of Part I of this Act relating to the conduct of local government elections shall have effect in relation to those isles subject to such adaptations as the Minister of Health may by statutory instrument prescribe.

173.—(1) The provisions of this section shall in addition to any express provision for the application to Scotland of any provision of this Act have effect for the general application of this Act to Scotland.

(2) For any reference to a municipal borough, a county borough or a borough there shall be substituted a reference to a burgh, for any reference to a borough council there shall be substituted a reference to a town council, for any reference to a borough councillor there shall be substituted a reference to a town councillor, and for any reference to a borough constituency there shall be substituted a reference to a burgh constituency.

(3) References in the local elections rules to a burgh within a county shall not include references to a county of a city.

(4) For any reference to the High Court there shall be substituted a reference to the Court of Session and for any reference to the county court or a judge thereof there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff.

(5) Any power to make acts of sederunt (other than the power conferred by section forty-five of this Act to appoint judges to hear appeals under that section or to fill any vacancy among the judges so appointed) shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and be treated for the purposes of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, as if conferred on a Minister of the Crown.

(6) Any reference to the Director of Public Prosecutions or the Attorney-General shall refer to the Lord Advocate.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1211

Act, 1949

(7) For any reference to a plaintiff or defendant there shall be Part V

substituted respectively a reference to a pursuer or defender, —cont.

for any reference to a recognisance there shall be substituted

a reference to a bond of caution and for any reference to an injunction there shall be substituted a reference to an interdict.

(8) The following expressions have the following meanings respectively: —

" assessor" means the assessor appointed under the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854;

" burgh ", " large burgh " and " small burgh " have the same meanings as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act,

1947;

" elected district councillor " has the same meaning as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947;

" electoral area ", in relation to a local government election, means the electoral division, burgh, ward or other area for which the election is held;

" local elections rules" means the local elections rules in the Third Schedule to this Act;

"local government Act" means the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947;

" local government area" means a county, burgh or district; and

" local government election" means an election of councillors by local government electors for an electoral area.

(9) Any reference to the report of an election court shall, in relation to an election court trying a petition questioning an election of councillors in Scotland, be construed as a reference to a finding of the court and the expression "reported of a corrupt or illegal practice" shall be construed accordingly.

(10) For any reference to the register of licences there shall be substituted a reference to the register kept in pursuance of the Fifth Schedule to the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903.

174.—(1) The following provisions shall, in addition to any General express provision for the application to Northern Ireland of application any provision of this Act, have effect for the general application \° Northern of this Act to Northern Ireland, that is to say: — Ireland.

(a) the expression " Summary Jurisdiction Acts" means the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act (including an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) amending that Act and the expression " summary conviction" means conviction subject to and in accordance with the Summary Jurisdiction Acts;

1212

Part V —cont.

Repeal and savings

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(b) in relation to the determination of claims and objections

with respect to registration, any reference to the registration officer shall be construed as a reference to the revising officer mentioned in subsection (2) of section nine;

(c) any reference to the High Court shall be construed as

a reference to the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland;

(d) any reference to the Lord Chancellor shall refer to the

Governor of Northern Ireland and any reference either to the Attorney General or the Director of Public Prosecutions shall refer to the Attorney General for Northern Ireland;

(e) subject to the next following subsection, a reference to

any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as it applies in Northern Ireland.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect the law relating to the Parliament of Northern Ireland or to local government in Northern Ireland.

(3) So much of this Act as relates to matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws shall be deemed for the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920 (which relates to that power) to be a provision of an Act passed before the appointed day for the purposes of that section.

175.—(1) The enactments set out in the Ninth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpretation Act, 1889, this subsection shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any Order in Council, rule, order, regulation or other instrument made or any other thing whatsoever done under any enactment repealed by this Act, and every such instrument or other thing shall continue in force and, so far as it could have been made or done under this Act, shall have effect as if made or done under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) Nothing in this repeal shall affect the terms and conditions on and subject to which any person held office or served before the commencement of this Act.

(4) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any incapacity imposed by or subsisting under any enactment repealed by this Act and any such incapacity (whether or not imposed before die passing of the Representation of the People Act, 1948, under an enactment amended by that Act) shall for the purposes of this Act be treated as having been imposed under the corresponding provision of this Act.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

(5) Nothing in this repeal shall extend to any enactment so for as it is applied by a local or private Act and nothing in this repeal shall extend to any enactment in the Tenth Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1948, which is not reproduced in this Act so far as that enactment amends any local or private Act

(6) Where under any Act passed before this Act there is power to affect Acts passed or in force before a particular time and that power would, but for the passing of this Act, have included power to change the law which is reproduced in this Act, then that power shall include power to make such provision as will secure the like change in die law as reproduced in this Act notwithstanding that this Act is not an Act passed or in force before that time and notwithstanding that the terms of this Act, apart from this subsection, are not such as to render that power applicable.

(7) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by this Act, or which by virtue of any enactment repealed by this Act so referred, shall be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment in this Act.

176.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Representation of the People Act, 1949, and shall be included among the Acts which may be cited as the Representation of the People Acts.

(2) The provisions of this Act relating to parliamentary elections, other than provisions as to the registration of parliamentary electors, shall come into force for the purposes of the first general election after the passing of this Act.

(3) The provisions of this Act other than those coming into force by virtue of the last foregoing subsection shall come into force on such day as the Secretary of State may by statutory instrument appoint and different days may be appointed for different purposes:

Provided that—

(a) any day so appointed shall not be earlier than that

of the coming into force of any provision of the Representation of the People Act, 1948, which corresponds to a provision of this Act coming into force on that day by virtue of this subsection, and

(b) no provision in this Act coming into force by virtue

of this subsection shall, in so far as it reproduces any provision of that Act, apply in relation to any parliamentary bye-election or local government election begun before that provision in that Act came into force.

For the purposes of this subsection, an election shall be deemed to be begun on the day on which notice of the election is given

1213

Part V —cont

Short title, citation and commencement

1214

Ch. 68

Sections 3 and 7.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Provisions as to the Qualifying Date and the Register

1. Part I of the following Table shall have effect for the purposes of parliamentary and local government elections in Great Britain, and Part II thereof shall have effect for the purposes of parliamentary elections in Northern Ireland, and subject to the following paragraphs of this Schedule—

(a) where the date fixed for the poll is that specified in the first column of the Table, the qualifying date shall be that specified in the corresponding entry in the second column thereof and the register to be used at the election shall be that specified in the corresponding entry in the third column thereof;

(b) the register mentioned in the third column of the Table shall be published not later than the date specified in the corresponding entry in the fourth column thereof.

Table

Part I Great Britain

Date fixed for the poll at the election Qualifying date for the election Register to be used at the election Last day for publication of register

Between the ISth March and the 2nd October in any year. In England and Wales, the 20th November preceding the date fixed for the poll. In Scotland, the 1st December preceding the date fixed for the poll. Spring Register. The 15th March following the qualifying date.

Between the 1st October in any year and the following 16th March. The 15th June preceding the date fixed for the poll. Autumn Register. The 1st October following the qualifying date.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1215

Act, 1949

Part II 1st Sch

Northern Ireland —cont.

Date fixed for the poll at the election Qualifying date for the election Register to be used at the election Last day for publication of register

Between the 1st April and 2nd October in any year. The 31st October preceding the date fixed for the poll. Spring Register. The 1st April following the qualifying date.

Between the 1st October in any year and the following 2nd April. The 30th April preceding the date fixed for the poll. Autumn Register. The 1st October following the qualifying date.

2. The interval in Northern Ireland between the qualifying date and the date of publication of the register may be altered by regulations by changing either date, and any such regulations may make such consequential provisions (including the modification of any enactment contained in this or any other Act) as may appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary.

3. If any part of a register is not published within the time required by this Schedule, then until the day following that on which it is published the corresponding part of the previous register (whether prepared under this Act or not) shall continue in use; and where any part of the register used at an election is a part continued in force by this paragraph, this Act shall have effect in relation to the election and the area to which that part relates as if the qualifying date by reference to which that part was prepared were the qualifying date for the election.

SECOND SCHEDULE Sections 16,26,

27, 28 and 29.

Rules for Conduct of a Parliamentary Election, and Rules for Conduct of a Local Government Election in England and Wales

Note.—The parliamentary elections rules are printed on left-hand pages and the local elections rules on right-hand pages.

1216

Ch. 68

2nd Sch.

—com

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

PARLIAMENTARY ELECTIONS RULES Arrangement of rules

PART I

Provisions as to Time Rule

1. Timetable.

2. Computation of time.

PART n

Stages Common to Contested and Uncontested Elections Issue of Writ and notice of election

3. Issue of writ.

4. Conveyance of writ to acting returning officer.

5. Telegraphic information of issue of writ.

6. Notice of election.

Nomination

7. Nomination of candidates.

8. Subscription of nomination paper.

9. Consent to nomination.

10. Deposit

11. Place for delivery of nomination papers.

12. Right to attend nomination.

13. Decisions as to validity of nomination papers.

14. Withdrawal of candidates.

15. Publication of nominations.

16. Adjournment of nomination proceedings in case of riot

17. Method of election.

PART III

Contested Elections General Provisions

18. Poll to be taken by ballot

19. The ballot papers.

20. The official mark.

21. Prohibition of disclosure of vote.

22. Use of schools and public rooms.

Action to be taken before the poll

23. Notice of poll.

24. Death of candidate.

25. Postal ballot papers.

26. Provision of polling stations.

27. Appointment of presiding officers and clerks.

28. Special lists.

29. Issue of official poll cards.

30. Equipment of polling stations.

31. Appointment of polling and counting agents.

32. Declaration of secrecy.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1217

LOCAL ELECTIONS RULES Arrangement of rules

2nd Sch. —com.

PART I Provisions as to Time

Rule

1. Timetable.

2. Computation of time.

3. Hours of poll.

PART n

Stages Common to Contested and Uncontested Elections

4. Notice of election.

5. Nomination of candidates.

6. Subscription of nomination paper.

7. Consent to nomination.

8. Place for delivery of nomination papers.

9. Decisions as to validity of nomination papers.

10. Publication of nominations.

11. Withdrawal of candidates.

12. Nomination in more than one electoral area.

13. Method of election.

14. Poll to be taken by ballot.

15. The ballot papers.

16. The official mark.

17. Prohibition of disclosure of vote.

18. Use of schools and public rooms.

19. Notice of poll.

20. Death of candidate.

21. Postal ballot papers.

22. Provision of polling stations.

23. Appointment of presiding officers and clerks.

24. Special lists.

25. Equipment of polling stations.

26. Appointment of polling and counting agents.

27. Declaration of secrecy.

PART m

Contested Elections

General Provisions

Action to be taken before the poll

1218

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

2nd Sch. —corn.

Act, 1949 Parliamentary Elections Rules The poll

33. Admission to polling station.

34. Keeping of order in station.

35. Sealing of ballot boxes.

36. Questions to be put to voters.

37. Challenge of voter.

38. Voting procedure.

39. Votes marked by presiding officer.

40. Voting by blind persons.

41. Tendered ballot papers.

42. Spoilt ballot papers.

43. Adjournment of poll in case of riot.

44. Procedure on close of poll.

45. Attendance at counting of votes.

46. The count.

47. Re-count.

48. Rejected ballot papers.

49. Decisions on ballot papers.

50. Equality of votes.

Final Proceedings in Contested and Uncontested Elections

51. Declaration of result.

52. Return to the writ.

53. Record of returns at Crown Office.

54. Return or forfeiture of candidate's deposit.

55. Verification of ballot paper account.

56. Delivery of documents to Clerk of the Crown.

57. Orders for production of documents.

58. Retention and public inspection of documents.

59. Disposal of documents in Scotland.

60. Disposal of documents in Northern Ireland.

Form of writ.

Form of notice of parliamentary election.

Form of nomination paper for a parliamentary election.

Form of ballot paper.

Directions as to printing the ballot paper.

Form of directions for the guidance of the voters in voting.

Form of declaration to be made by the companion of a blind voter.

Counting of votes

PART IV

PART V Disposal of Documents

APPENDIX

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1219

The poll

28. Admission to polling station.

29. Keeping of order in station.

30. Sealing of ballot boxes.

31. Questions to be put to voters.

32. Challenge of voter.

33. Voting procedure.

34. Votes marked by presiding officer.

35. Voting by blind persons.

36. Tendered ballot papers.

37. Spoilt ballot papers.

38. Adjournment of poll in case of riot.

39. Procedure on close of poll.

2nd Sch. —com.

Counting of votes

40. Attendance at counting of votes.

41. The count

42. Re-count.

43. Rejected ballot papers.

44. Decisions on ballot papers.

45. Equality of votes.

PART IV

Final Proceedings in Contested and Uncontestbd Elections

46. Declaration of result.

47. The return.

PART V Disposal of Documents

48. Verification of ballot paper account

49. Delivery of documents to clerk of the authority.

50. Orders for production of documents.

51. Retention and public inspection of documents.

52. Supplemental provisions as to documents.

PART VI Supplemental

53. General duty of returning officer or mayor.

54. Discharge of functions of mayor.

55. Construction.

APPENDIX

Form of ballot paper.

Directions as to printing the ballot paper.

Form of directions for the guidance of the voters in voting.

Form of declaration to be made by the companion of a blind voter.

1220 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sch. Parliamentary Elections Rules

—cont.

PART 1 PROVISIONS AS TO TIME Timetable

1. The proceedings at the election shall be conducted in accordance with the following Table.

Timetable

Proceeding

Time

Issue of writ ...

In the case of a general election, as soon as practicable after the issue of the proclamation summoning the new Parliament.

In the case of a bye-election, as soon as practicable after the issue of the warrant for the writ.

Publication of notice In the case of a general election or bye-election, of election. not later than four in the afternoon on the second

day after that on which the writ is received.

Delivery of nomination papers.

In the case of a general election, between the hours of ten in the morning and three in the afternoon (or on a Saturday between those of ten in the morning and noon) on any day after the date of publication of the notice of election, but not later than the eighth day after the date of the proclamation summoning the new Parliament.

In the case of a bye-election, the same as in the case of a general election, except that the last day shall be a day fixed by the return^ ing officer and shall be—

(a) in a county constituency, not earlier than the fourth day after the date of publication of the notice of election, nor later than the ninth day after that on which the writ is received; and

(b) in a borough constituency, not earlier than the third day after the date of publication of the notice of election nor later than the seventh day after that on which the writ is received.

Delivery of notices of Within the time for the delivery of nomination withdrawals of papers at the election, candidature.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1221

Local Elections Rules

2nd$ch.

— cot

PART I

PROVISIONS AS TO TIME

Timetable

1. The proceedings at the election shall be conducted in accordance with the following Table.

Publication of notice of election ... Not later than the twentieth day

before the day of election.

Delivery of nomination papers ... Not later than noon on the fourteenth

day before the day of election.

Despatch of notices of decisions on Not later than noon on the thirteenth nominations and publication of day before the day of election, statement as to persons nominated.

Delivery of notices of withdrawals Not later than noon on the twelfth of candidature. day before the day of election.

Notice of poll Not later than the fifth day before

the day of election.

Notice of appointment of polling or Not later than the third day before counting agents. the day of election.

Polling On the day of election.

TIMETABLE

Proceeding

Time

1222

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sen. —com.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Time

In the case of a general election or a bye-election* during the hours allowed for delivery of nomination papers on the last day for the delivery thereof and the hour following and, if the last day is a Saturday, between the hours of one and three in the afternoon on the day before : Provided that no objection may be made in the afternoon of the said last day (or if it is a Saturday at any time on that day) except to a nomination paper delivered within twenty-four hours of the last time for the delivery thereof, and in the case of a nomination paper so delivered no objection may be so made to the sufficiency or nature of the particulars of the candidate unless made at or immediately after the time of the delivery of the nomination paper.

In the case of a general election or a bye-election, at the close of the time for making objections to nomination papers or as soon thereafter as any objections are disposed of.

Proceeding

The making of objections to nomination papers.

Publication of statement of persons nominated.

Polling

In the case of a general election, between the hours of seven in the morning and nine in the evening on the ninth day after the last day for delivery of nomination papers.

In the case of a bye-election between the hours of seven in the morning and nine in the evening on the day fixed by the returning officer, which shall not be earlier than the seventh nor later than the ninth day after the last day for delivery of nomination papers.

Note.—Any steps which may be taken on or after receipt of the writ may, in accordance with rule 5 of these rules, be taken on or after the receipt of official telegraphic intimation of the writ having been issued.

Computation of time

2.—(1) In computing any period of time for the purposes of the Timetable, a Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, bank holiday or day appointed for public thanksgiving or mourning shall be disregarded, and any such day shall not be treated as a day for the purpose of any proceedings up to the completion of the poll nor shall the returning officer be obliged to proceed with the counting of the votes thereon.

(2) In this rule the expression " bank holiday " means—

(a) in relation to a general election, a day which is a bank

holiday under the Bank Holidays Act, 1871, in any part of the United Kingdom; and

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1223

2nd Sch.

— cm

Computation of time

2. Id computing any period of time for the purposes of the Timetable, a Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, bank holiday or day appointed for public thanksgiving or mourning and the Saturday before and the Tuesday after Easter Day or Whit Sunday shall be disregarded and any such day shall not be treated as a day for the purpose of any proceedings up to the completion of the poll nor shall the returning officer be obliged to proceed with the counting of the votes thereon:

Provided that where under Part III of these rules a person ought to proceed with the preparation of special lists or the issue of postal ballot papers on the said Saturday before or Tuesday after Easter Day or Whit Sunday, nothing in this rule shall absolve him from that duty.

1224

Ch. 68

2nd Sch. —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Parliamentary Elections Rules

(b) in relation to a bye-election, a day which is a bank holiday under the said Act in that part of the United Kingdom in which the constituency in question is situated:

Provided that at a general election sub-paragraph (b) and not sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph shall apply—

(i) in relation to any proceedings commenced afresh by reason

of the death of a candidate; and

(ii) in relation to any proceedings extending, by reason of riot or open violence, beyond the time laid down by the Timetable.

PART II

STAGES COMMON TO CONTESTED AND UNCONTESTED ELECTIONS

Issue of Writ and Notice of Election Issue of writ

3.—-(1) Writs for parliamentary elections shall continue to be sealed and issued in accordance with the rules applying at the passing of the Representation of the People Act, 1948, in the case of elections in parliamentary counties and boroughs.

(2) Each writ shall be in the form in the Appendix and shall be directed to the returning officer by the title of his office as returning officer (and not by his name) and conveyed to him.

(3) His Majesty may by Order in Council—

(a) specify the manner in which writs are to be conveyed,

whether by post, by an officer appointed by the Lord Chancellor or Governor of Northern Ireland, or otherwise, and make different provision for different classes of writs; and

(b) provide for the giving of receipts for writs by persons to whom they are delivered or who may receive them in the course of their conveyance.

(4) Except in Scotland, delivery of the writ to a person for the time being authorised by law to act as deputy for the officer who by virtue of his office is returning officer or, in a constituency where the sheriffs of the City of London or either of them are or is

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1225

Hours of poll

3.—(1) The poll shall commence at eight o’clock in the morning and be kept open till eight o’clock in the evening of the same day and no longer:

Provided that the poll shall be kept open till nine o’clock in the evening if candidates remaining validly nominated to a number not less than the number of vacancies have, by written notices signed by them and delivered at the place and within the time for delivery of notices of withdrawals of candidature, so requested.

(2) A notice under this rule shall not have effect as respects any candidate if revoked by a further written notice signed by him and delivered as aforesaid.

(3) In London, a notice under this rule must be delivered to the returning officer and need not be delivered at the place for notices of withdrawals of candidature.

2nd Sch. —cont.

PART II

STAGES COMMON TO CONTESTED AND UNCONTESTED ELECTIONS

Notice of election

4.—(1) Notice of the election in the prescribed form shall be prepared, signed and published—

(a) at an election of borough councillors, other than metropolitan borough councillors, by the town clerk, and

(6) at an election of a councillor for any county except London, if the electoral division is co-extensive with or wholly comprised in a borough, by the town clerk, and

(c) at any other election by the returning officer.

(2) In an election of a councillor for any county except London, the notice shall be published by causing it to be affixed to the offices of the county council, and in addition—

(a) in the case of an electoral division which is co-extensive with or wholly comprised in a borough, by causing it to be affixed to the town hall and. if the town hall is not situate within the electoral division, by causing it to be exhibited at such additional place or places within that division as the town clerk may determine; and

(b) in any other case, by causing it to be affixed to the offices of the council of each county district wholly or in part comprised in the electoral division, and, if any of those offices are not situate in the electoral division, by causing it to be exhibited at such additional place or places within both the district and the electoral division as the returning officer may determine.

2 S

1226 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sch Parliamentary Elections Rules

—cont.

returning officer, delivery to either of those sheriffs or to the secondary of the City of London, shall be as good as delivery to the returning officer.

(5) In Scotland, delivery of the writ to a sheriff-substitute authorised under this Act to act as returning officer for the election shall be as good as delivery to the returning officer.

(6) An Order in Council under this rule may require a returning officer to furnish an address to which writs are to be conveyed and any change of that address and may provide for recording addresses so furnished, and delivery of a writ to a person found in, and for the time being in charge of, a place so recorded as the office of a returning officer shall be as good as delivery to that returning officer.

(7) The person to whom the writ is delivered shall endorse the date of receipt on the writ in the form shown in the Appendix.

(8) An Order in Council under this rule may provide for any incidental or supplementary matters and may revoke or vary an Order previously made; and a draft of any such Order shall be laid before Parliament.

Conveyance of writ to acting returning officer

4. —(1) For an election in a constituency in England or Wales, the writ shall, notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing rule, be conveyed to the acting returning officer if the returning officer has, by notice in the form prescribed by an Order in Council under that rule and received by the Clerk of the Crown one month or more before the issue of the writ, so requested, and has not revoked it by a further notice in the form so prescribed and received within such time as aforesaid.

(2) A notice under this rule shall not have effect in relation to a constituency where the sheriffs of the City of London or either of them are or is returning officer but, save as aforesaid, shall have effect in relation to all constituencies of which the person giving it is retufning officer at the time of giving it or of which he or a successor in office becomes returning officer by virtue of that office.

(3) Any notice given before the passing of the Parliament (Elections and Meeting) Act, 1943, to the Postmaster-General by a sheriff in England or Wales and expressing his desire that writs for parliamentary elections for a constituency in respect of which he was then returning officer should be conveyed to the acting returning officer shall, if still in force, have effect as if it had been a notice given to the Clerk of the Crown under this rule.

(4) Where by virtue of this rule writs are conveyed to the acting returning officer, paragraph (6) of the last foregoing rule shall apply in relation to him as it applies in relation to a returning officer.

Telegraphic information of issue of writ

5. Official telegraphic information of the writ having been issued may be given in such cases and by such persons as may be directed by His Majesty in Council, and any steps for holding the election which may be taken on or after the receipt of the writ may be taken on or after the receipt of an official telegraphic intimation of the writ having been issued.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1227

2nd Sch. —cont.

(3) At an election of London county councillors, the notice shall be published by causing it to be affixed to the town hall of the borough or each of the boroughs the whole or any part of the area of which is included in the electoral division and, if the electoral division includes the City of London, at the Guildhall of the said City, and to be exhibited at such places in the electoral division as the returning officer may determine.

(4) At an election of borough councillors, the notice shall be published by causing it to be affixed to the town hall and, in the case of a ward election, to be exhibited at such places in the ward as, outside London, the town clerk, or, in London, the returning officer, may determine.

2S2

1228

Ch. 68

2nd Sch. —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Notice of election

6. The returning officer shall publish notice of the election, in the form in the Appendix, stating—

(a) the place and times at which nomination papers are to be delivered; and

(b) the date of the poll in the event of a contest;

and the notice shall state that forms of nomination paper may be obtained at the place and times aforesaid.

Nomination Nomination of candidates

7. —(1) Each candidate shall be nominated by a separate nomination paper, in the form in the Appendix, delivered by the candidate himself, or his proposer or seconder, to the returning officer at the place fixed for the purpose.

(2) The nomination paper shall state the full names, place of residence and description of the candidate and the surname shall be placed first in the list of his names.

(3) The description shall not refer to the candidate’s political activities, and need not refer to his rank, profession or calling so long as, with the other particulars of the candidate, it is sufficient to identify him.

(4) If the description is unduly long, the returning officer after consultation (if possible) with the candidate or his election agent, proposer or seconder, may shorten it or substitute another.

Subscription of nomination paper

8. —(1) The nomination paper shall be subscribed by two electors as proposer and seconder, and by eight other electors as assenting to the nomination.

(2) Where a nomination paper bears the signatures of more than the required number of persons as proposing, seconding or assenting to the nomination of a candidate, the signature or signatures (up to the required number) appearing first on the paper in each category shall be taken into account to the exclusion of any others in that category.

(3) The nomination paper shall give the electoral number of each person subscribing it.

(4) The returning officer shall supply any elector with a fomj of nomination paper at the place and during the time for delivery of nomination papers and shall at the request of any elector prepare a nomination paper for signature; but it shall not be necessary for a nomination to be on a form supplied by the returning officer.

(5) No person shall subscribe more than one nomination paper at the same election and, if he does, his signature shall be inoperative on any paper other than the one first delivered:

Provided that a person shall not be prevented from subscribing a nomination paper by reason only of his having subscribed that of a candidate who has died or withdrawn before delivery of the first mentioned paper.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Nomination of candidates

5.—(1) Each candidate shall be nominated by a separate nomination paper in the prescribed form, delivered at the place fixed for the purpose.

(2) Paragraphs (2), (3) and (4) of rule 7 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply, but at an election of borough councillors, other than metropolitan borough councillors, the mayor shall act instead of the returning officer.

Subscription of nomination paper

6.—(1) The nomination paper shall be subscribed by two electors for the electoral area as proposer and seconder and, except in the case of an election of metropolitan borough councillors, by eight other electors for that area as assenting to the nomination.

(2) Where a nomination paper bears the signatures of more than the required number of persons as proposing, seconding or assenting to the nomination of a candidate, the signature or signatures (up to the required number) appearing first on the paper in each category shall be taken into account to the exclusion of any others in that category.

(3) The returning officer shall provide nomination papers and shall supply any elector for the electoral area with as many nomination papers as may be required and shall, at the request of any such elector, prepare for signature a nomination paper.

This paragraph shall apply—

(a) at an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan

borough councillors; and

(b) at an election of a councillor for any county except London, if the electoral division is co-extensive with or comprised in a borough,

with the substitution of the town clerk for the returning officer.

1229

2nd Sch —cont.

1230

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sch. —cont.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

(6) In this rule—

the expression "elector" means a person who is registered as a parliamentary elector in the constituency in the register to be used at the election or who, pending the publication of that register, appears from the electors lists therefor as corrected by the registration officer to be entitled to be so registered;

the expression "electoral number" means a person’s number in the said register or, pending the publication of the register, his number (if any) in the electors lists therefor.

9. A person shall not be validly nominated unless his consent to nomination, given in writing on or within one month before the day fixed as the last day for the delivery of nomination papers and attested by one witness, is delivered at the place and within the time for the delivery of nomination papers:

Provided that if the returning officer is satisfied that owing to the absence of a person from the United Kingdom it has not been reasonably practicable for his consent in writing to be given as aforesaid, a telegram consenting to his nomination and purporting to have been sent by him shall be deemed, for the purpose of this rule, to be consent in writing given by him on the day on which it purports to have been sent, and attestation of his consent shall not be required.

10.—(1) A person shall not be validly nominated unless the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds is deposited by him or on his behalf with the’returning officer at the place and during the time for delivery of nomination papers.

(2) The deposit may be made either by the deposit of any legal tender, or by means of a banker’s draft, or with the consent of the returning officer in any other manner:

Provided that the returning officer may refuse to accept a deposit sought to be made by means of a banker’s draft if he does not know that the drawer carries on business as a banker in the United Kingdom.

Consent to nomination

Deposit

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1231

(4) No person shall—

(a) subscribe more nomination papers than there are vacancies to be filled in the electoral area; or

(b) subscribe a nomination paper for more than one ward of a borough divided into wards; or

(c) at an election of London county councillors or of borough councillors, subscribe more than one nomination paper in respect of the same candidate:

Provided that a person shall not be prevented from subscribing a nomination paper by reason only of his having subscribed that of a candidate who has died or withdrawn before delivery of the first-mentioned paper.

(5) If any person subscribes nomination papers in contravention of the last foregoing paragraph, his signature shall be inoperative in all but those papers (up to the permitted number) which are first delivered.

(6) In this rule, the expression 44elector for the electoral area* means a person who is registered as a local government elector for the electoral area in the register to be used at the election or who, pending the publication of that register, appears from the electors lists therefor as corrected by the registration officer to be entitled to be so registered.

2nd Sch. —cont.

Consent to nomination

7.—(1) A person shall not be validly nominated unless his consent to nomination, given in writing on or within one month before the last day for the delivery of nomination papers and attested by one witness, is delivered at the place and within the time appointed for the delivery of nomination papers:

Provided that, in the case of an election to fill a casual vacancy, if the returning officer is satisfied that owing to the absence of a person from the United Kingdom it has not been reasonably practicable for his consent in writing to be given as aforesaid, a telegram consenting to his nomination and purporting to have been sent by him shall be deemed, for the purpose of this rule, to be consent in writing given by him on the day on which it purports to have been sent, and attestation of his consent shall not be required.

At an election of a borough councillor other than a metropolitan borough councillor the mayor shall act under this proviso instead of the returning officer.

(2) A candidate's consent given under this rule shall contain a statement that he is qualified as required by law to be elected to and hold the office in question, and the statement shall give particulars of his qualification.

1232

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sch. —cont.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Place for delivery of nomination papers

1!.—(1) The returning officer shall fix the place at which nomination papers are to be delivered to him. and shall attend there during the time for the delivery thereof and for the making of objections thereto.

(2) The place shall be in the constituency or in the registration area (if any) which includes the constituency or, unless the constituency is a borough constituency, in a borough adjoining the constituency or registration area.

12.—(1) Except for the purpose of delivering a nomination paper or of assisting the returning officer, no person shall be entitled to attend the proceedings during the time for delivery of nomination papers or making objections thereto unless he is a person standing nominated as a candidate or is the election agent, proposer or seconder of such a person:

Provided that where a candidate acts as his own election agent, he may name one other person who shall be entitled to attend in place of his election agent.

(2) Where a person stands nominated by more than one nomination paper, only the persons subscribing, as proposer and seconder, such one of those papers as he may select or, in default of any such selection, that one of those papers which is first delivered, shall be entitled to attend as his proposer and seconder.

(3) The right to attend conferred by this rule shall include the right to inspect, and to object to the validity of, any nomination paper.

13.—(1) Where a nomination paper and the candidate’s consent thereto are delivered and a deposit is made in accordance with these rules, the candidate shall be deemed to stand nominated unless and until the returning officer decides that the nomination paper is invalid, or proof is given to the satisfaction of the returning officer of the candidate's death, or the candidate withdraws.

(2) The returning officer shall be entitled to hold a nomination paper invalid only on one of the following grounds, that is to say,—

(a) that the particulars of the candidate or the persons subscribing the paper are not as required by law; and

(b) that the paper is not subscribed as so required.

(3) The returning officer shall give his decision on any objection to a nomination paper as soon as practicable after it is made.

(4) Where he decides that a nomination paper is invalid, he shall endorse and sign on the paper the fact and the reasons for his decision.

(5) The decision of the returning officer that a nomination paper is valid shall be final and shall not be questioned in any proceeding whatsoever.

Right to attend nomination

Decisions as to validity of nomination papers

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Place for delivery of nomination papers

8.—(1) Every nomination paper shall be delivered—

(a) at an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors, at the town clerk's office;

(h) in any other case, at the place fixed by the returning officer.

(2) At an election of a councillor for any county except London, the place fixed by the returning officer shall—

(a) if the electoral division is co-extensive with or wholly comprised in a borough, be the town clerk's office;

(b) if the electoral division is co-extensive with or wholly comprised in an urban district, be some place in that district; and

(c) in any other case, be some place in the electoral division

or in an adjoining electoral division.

(3) In London, the place fixed by the returning officer shall be within the electoral area.

Decisions as to validity of nomination papers

9.—(1) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of rule 13 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply with the omission of the reference to making a deposit.

(2) As soon as practicable after the latest time for the delivery of nomination papers, the returning officer shall examine the nomination papers, and decide whether the candidates have been validly nominated in accordance with these rules.

(3) Paragraphs (4), (5) and (6) of the said parliamentary elections rule shall apply.

(4) The returning officer shall send notice of his decision to each candidate at his place of residence as stated on his nomination paper.

2 S

1233

2nd Sch. —coni.

1234 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sch. Parliamentary Elections Rules

—cont.

(6) Subject to the last foregoing paragraph, nothing in this rule shall prevent the validity of a nomination being questioned on an election petition.

Withdrawal of candidates

14. —(1) A candidate may withdraw his candidature by notice of withdrawal signed by him and attested by one witness and delivered to the returning officer at the place for delivery of nomination papers.

(2) In the case of a candidate who is outside the United Kingdom, a notice of withdrawal signed by his proposer and accompanied by a written declaration also so signed of the candidate’s absence from the United Kingdom shall be of the same effect as a notice of withdrawal signed by the candidate:

Provided that where the candidate stands nominated by more than one nomination paper a notice of withdrawal under this paragraph shall be effective if, but only if,—

(a) it and the accompanying declaration are signed by all the

proposers except any who is, and is stated in the said declaration to be, outside the United Kingdom; or

(b) it is accompanied, in addition to the said declaration, by a written statement signed by the candidate that the proposer giving the notice is authorised to do so on the candidate’s behalf during his absence from the United Kingdom.

Publication of nominations

15. —(1) The returning officer shall prepare and publish a statement showing the persons who have been and stand nominated and any other persons who have been nominated, with the reason why they no longer stand nominated.

(2) The statement shall show the names, addresses and descriptions of the persons nominated as given in their nomination papers, together with the names of the persons subscribing those papers.

(3) The statement shall show the persons standing nominated arranged alphabetically in the order of their surnames, and. if there are two or more of them with the same surname, of their other names.

(4) In the case of a person nominated by more than one nomination paper, the returning officer shall take the particulars required by the foregoing provisions of this rule from such one of the papers as the candidate or the returning officer in default of the candidate may select, but if the election is contested a candidate standing nominated may require the returning officer to include in the statement the names of the persons subscribing a second and third nomination paper.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

(5) At an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors, the mayor shall act under this rule instead of the returning officer.

Publication of nominations

10.—<1) The returning officer shall prepare and publish a statement in the prescribed form showing the persons who have been and stand nominated and any other persons who have been nominated, with the reason why they no longer stand nominated.

(2) The statement shall show the names, addresses and descriptions of the persons nominated as given in their nomination papers.

(3) The statement shall show the persons standing nominated arranged alphabetically in the order of their surnames and, if there are two or more of them with the same surname, of their other names.

(4) In the case of a person nominated by more than one nomination paper, the returning officer shall take the particulars required by the foregoing provisions of this rule from such one of the papers as the candidate or the returning officer in default of the candidate may select

(5) The statement as to persons nominated shall be published by causing it to be affixed to the place appointed for the delivery of nomination papers.

(6) At an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors the mayor shall act under this rule instead of the returning officer.

Withdrawal of candidates

11. A candidate may withdraw his candidature by notice of withdrawal signed by him and attested by one witness and delivered at the place appointed for the delivery of nomination papers; and paragraph (2) of rule 14 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

2S*2

1235

2nd Sch —tm

123$

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sch. —cont.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Adjournment of nomination proceedings in case of .

16. Where the proceedings for or in connection with nomination are on any day interrupted or obstructed by riot or open violence, the proceedings shall be abandoned for that day. and if that day is the last day for the delivery of nomination papers, the proceedings shall be continued on the next day as if that were the last day for the delivery thereof, and that day shall be treated for the purposes of these rules as being the said last day (subject however to any further application of this rule in the event of interruption or obstruction on that day):

Provided that where proceedings are abandoned by virtue of this rule—

(a) nothing may be done after they are continued, if the time

for doing it had passed at the time of the abandonment, nor shah anything done before the abandonment be invalidated by reason thereof;

(b) subject to paragraph (a) of this proviso if the day on which the proceedings are continued is a Saturday and is (or is to be treated as) the said last day, the proviso to the entry in the Timetable relating to the making of objections shall not apply.

17.—(1) If the statement of persons nominated shows more than one person standing nominated, a poll shall be taken in accordance with Part III of these rules.

(2) If the statement of persons nominated shows only one person standing nominated, that person shall be declared to be elected in accordance with Part IV of these rules.

Method of election

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1237

Nomination in more than one electoral area

12. A candidate who is validly nominated for more than one electoral division of a county or for more than one ward of a borough must duly withdraw from his candidature in all those electoral divisions or wards, as the case may be, except one, and if be does not so withdraw he shall be deemed to have withdrawn from his candidature in all those electoral divisions or wards, as the case may be.

2nd Sch.

— con.

Method of election

13.—(1) If the number of persons remaining validly nominated for the electoral area after any withdrawals under these rules exceeds the number of vacancies, the councillors shall be elected from among them at a poll under Part III of these rules.

(2) If the said number does not exceed the number of vacancies, the person or persons (if any) deemed to be elected under the following provisions of this rule shall be declared elected in accordance with Part IV of these rules.

(3) The person or persons (if any) remaining validly nominated for the electoral area after any withdrawals under these rules shall be deemed to be elected.

(4) If, at an ordinary election of a councillor for any county except London, no person remains validly nominated as aforesaid, the retiring councillor, if any, for the electoral division shall be deemed to be elected.

(5) If, at an ordinary election of borough councillors or London county councillors, no person remains validly nominated as aforesaid, or the number of persons so remaining validly nominated is less than the number of vacancies, such of the retiring councillors for the electoral area as were highest on the poll at the last ordinary election, or as filled the places of councillors who were highest on the poll at that election, or if the poll was equal or there was no poll, as may be determined by the drawing of lots conducted under the direction of the mayor of the borough or chairman of the London county council, as the case may require, shall be deemed to be elected to fill up the vacancies not filled under paragraph (3) of this rule.

1238 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sch Parliamentary Elections Rules

—eont.

part in

CONTESTED ELECTIONS General Provisions Poll to be taken by ballot

18. The votes at the poll shall be given by ballot, the result shall be ascertained by counting the votes given to each candidate and the candidate to whom the majority of votes have been given shall be declared to have been elected.

The ballot papers

19. —(1) The ballot of every voter shall consist of a ballot paper, and the persons shown in the statement of persons nominated as standing nominated, and no others, shall be entitled to have their names inserted in the ballot paper.

(2) Every ballot paper shall be in the form in the Appendix, and shall be printed in accordance with the directions therein, and—

(a) shall contain the names and other particulars of the candi-

dates as shown in the statement of persons nominated;

(b) shall be capable of being folded up;

(c) shall have a number printed on the back;

(d) shall have attached a counterfoil with the same number printed on the face.

(3) The order of the names in the ballot paper shall be the same as in the statement of persons nominated.

The official mark

20. —(1) Every ballot paper shall be marked with an official mark, which shall be either embossed or perforated.

(2) The official mark shall be kept secret, and an interval of not less than seven years shall intervene between the use of the same official mark at elections for the same constituency.

Prohibition of disclosure of vote

21. No person who has voted at the election shall, in any legal proceeding to question the election or return, be required to state for whom he voted.

Use of schools and public rooms

22.—(1) The returning officer may use, free of charge, for the purpose of taking the poll—

(a) a room in a school to which this rule applies;

(b) a room the expense of maintaining which is payable out of any rate.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

PART III

CONTESTED ELECTIONS General provisions Poll to be taken by ballot

14. The votes at the poll shall be given by ballot, the result shall be ascertained by counting the votes given to each candidate, and the candidate or candidates to whom the majority of votes have been given shall be declared to have been elected.

The ballot papers

15. —(1) The ballot of every voter shall consist of a ballot paper, and the persons remaining validly nominated for the electoral area after any withdrawals under these rules, and no others, shall be entitled to have their names inserted in the ballot paper.

(2) Paragraphs (2) and (3) of rule 19 of the parliamentary elections roles shall apply.

The official mark

16.—(1) Every ballot paper shall be marked with an official mark, which shall be either embossed or perforated.

(2) The official mark shall be kept secret, and an interval of not less than seven years shall intervene between the use of the same official mark at elections for the same county or borough, as the case may be.

Prohibition of disclosure of vote

17. No person who has voted at the election shall, in any legal proceeding to question the election, be required to state for whom he voted.

Use of schools and public rooms

18.—(1) The returning officer may use, free of charge, for the purpose of taking the poll or of counting the votes—

(a) a room in a school in receipt of a grant or in respect of which a grant is made, out of moneys provided by Parliament, from or by the Minister of Education;

1239

2nd Sch.

—cont.

1240

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sgh.

—COftt.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

This rule applies—

(i) In England and Wales, to a school in receipt of a grant, or

in respect of which a grant is made, out of moneys provided by Parliament;

(ii) in Scotland, to a school other than an independent school within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946;

(iii) in Northern Ireland, to a school in receipt of a grant out of moneys provided by the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

(2) The returning officer shall make good any damage done to, and defray any expense incurred by the persons having control over, any such room as aforesaid by reason of its being used for the purpose of taking the poll.

(3) The use of a room in an unoccupied house for the said purpose shall not render a person liable to be rated or to pay any rate for the house.

(4) In Northern Ireland this rule shall not apply to any school adjoining or adjacent to any church or other place of worship nor to any school connected with a nunnery or other religious establish* ment.

(5) In Scotland, the returning officer shall, so far as practicable, make use for the purposes of the election of sheriff court and municipal buildings, and the authorities in possession thereof shall be bound to allow that use, without any charge beyond what is necessary to make good damage done.

23.—(1) The returning officer shall in the statement of persons nominated include a notice of the poll, stating the day on which and hours during which the poll will be taken.

(2) The returning officer shall also give public notice (which may be combined with the statement of persons nominated) of the situation of each polling station and the description of voters entitled to vote thereat and of the mode in which voters are to vote.

(3) In an election in a county constituency, the returning officer shall, on publication of the statement of persons nominated and 'notice of the poll, deliver to the postmaster of the principal post office where the place for the delivery of nomination papers is situated a paper signed by himself, giving the names of the candidates standing nominated, as the names will appear in the ballot papers, and the day and hours of the poll.

(4) The postmaster shall forward the information contained in the paper by telegraph, free of charge, to all postal telegraph offices situated in the constituency, and the information shall be published forthwith at each office in the manner in which post office notices are usually published.

Action to be Taken Before the Poll Notice of poll

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

(b) a room the expense of maintaining which is payable out of any rate.

(2) The returning officer shall make good any damage done to, and defray any expense incurred by the persons having control over, any such room as aforesaid by reason of its being used for the pur* pose of taking the poll or of counting the votes.

(3) The use of a room in an unoccupied house for the purpose of taking the poll or of counting the votes shall not render that person liable to be rated or to pay any rate for that house.

(4) The election shall not be held in a church, chapel or other place of public worship.

Action to be taken before the Poll Notice of poll

19.—(1) Notice of the poll shall be published—

(a) at an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan

borough councillors, by the mayor;

(b) at any other election, by the returning officer,

at the places at which the notice of election is required to be published under rule 4 of these rules.

(2) Notice of the poll shall specify—

(i a) the day and hours fixed for the poll;

(i b)the number of councillors to be elected;

(c) the particulars of each candidate remaining validly nominated

(the names and other particulars of the candidates, and the order of the names of the candidates, being the same as in the statement of persons nominated);

(d) the names of all persons signing a candidate’s nomination paper;

(e) a description of the polling districts (if any); and

(f) the situation of each polling station and the description of

the persons entitled to vote thereat.

(3) In the case of a candidate nominated by more than one nomination paper the nomination paper mentioned in sub-paragraph

(d) of paragraph (2) shall be that from which the names and other particulars of the candidate shown in the statement of persons nominated are taken, but the candidate may require the mayor or returning officer, as the case may be, to include in the notice the names of the persons signing a second and third nomination paper.

1241

2nd Sch. —corn.

1242

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sch. —com.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Death of candidate

24.—(1) If after publication of the statement of persons nominated and before the poll is commenced proof is given to the satisfaction of the returning officer of the death of one of the persons shown as standing nominated, the returning officer shall countermand notice of the poll, and all proceedings with reference to the election shall be commenced afresh in all respects as if the writ had been received on the day on which proof was given to the returning officer of the death:

Provided that no fresh nomination shall be necessary in the case of a person shown in the statement as standing nominated.

(2) Where by reason of the death of a candidate proceedings at an election are commenced afresh under this rule, then in the case of a general election, as in the case of a bye-election, the time for delivery of nomination papers and the time for polling shall be determined in accordance with the third column in the Timetable (with the modification required by the foregoing paragraph of any reference to the date on which the writ is received).

Postal ballot papers

25. The returning officer shall as soon as practicable send to those entitled to vote by post, at the addresses furnished by them for the purpose, a ballot paper and a declaration of identity in the prescribed form, together with an envelope for their return.

Provision of polling stations

26. —(1) The returning officer shall provide a sufficient number of polling stations and, subject to the following provisions of this rule, shall allot the electors to the polling stations in such manner as he thinks most convenient.

(2) One or more polling stations may be provided in the same room.

(3) The polling station allotted to electors from any polling district shall be in the polling place for that district.

(4) In a constituency in Scotland comprising the whole or any part of more burghs than one, there shall be at least one polling station in each of those burghs.

(5) The returning officer shall provide each polling station with such number of compartments as may be necessary in which the voters can mark their votes screened from observation, so that at least one compartment be provided for every one hundred and fifty electors allotted to the polling station.

Appointment of presiding officers and clerks

27. —(1) The returning officer shall appoint and pay a presiding officer to attend at each polling station and such clerks as may be necessary for the purposes of the election, but he shall not appoint any person who has been employed by or on behalf of a candidate in or about the election.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1243

Death of candidate

20. If before the poll is commenced proof is given to the satisfaction of the returning officer—

(a) that a person remaining validly nominated has died after

the latest time for delivery of nomination papers, or

(b) that a person shown in the statement of persons nominated as standing nominated had in fact died before the latest time for delivery of nomination papers,

the returning officer shall countermand the poll and the provisions of subsection (2) of section thirty-six of this Act shall apply to any further election ordered under the local government Act

2nd Sch. —con/.

Postal ballot papers

21. Rule 25 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply, but at an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors, the mayor shall act instead of the returning officer.

Provision of polling stations

22.—(1) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of rule 26 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

(2) The polling station allotted to electors from any parliamentary polling district wholly or partly within the electoral area shall, in the absence of special circumstances, be in the parliamentary polling place for that district, unless the polling place is outside the electoral area.

(3) The returning officer shall provide each polling station with such number of compartments as may be necessary in which the voters can mark their votes screened from observation.

(4) At an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors, the mayor shall act under this rule instead of the returning officer.

Appointment of presiding officers and clerks

23. Rule 27 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply, but at an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors, appointments of officers and clerks under paragraph (1) thereof shall be made by the mayor and not by the returning officer.

1244 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sch. Parliamentary Elections Rules

—tom.

(2) The returning officer may. if he thinks fit, preside at a polling station and the provisions of these rules relating to a presiding officer shall apply to a returning officer so presiding with the necessary modifications as to things to be done by the returning officer to the presiding officer or by the presiding officer to the returning officer.

(3) A presiding officer may do, by the clerks appointed to assist him, any act (including the asking of questions) which he is required or authorised by these rules to do at a polling station except order the arrest, exclusion or removal of any person from the polling station.

Special lists

28. The registration officer shall as soon as practicable prepare the following special lists, namely,—

(a) a list (in these rules referred to as " the absent voters list ")

giving the name and number on the register of every person entitled to vote at the election as an absent voter;

(b) a list (in these rules referred to as "the list of proxies") giving—

(i) the names and numbers on the register of the electors for whom proxies have been appointed, (omitting any of those electors who are registered as service voters and entitled to vote by post); and

(ii) the names and addresses of the persons appointed;

(c) a list of any persons entitled to vote by post as proxy at the

election.

Issue of official poll cards

29.—(1) The returning officer shall as soon as practicable send to electors and their proxies an official poll card:

Provided that an official poll card need not be sent to any person as an elector if he is placed on the absent voters list for the election, or to any person as a proxy if his application to vote as such by post is allowed for the election.

(2) An elector’s official poll card shall be sent or delivered to his qualifying address, a proxy’s to his address as shown in the list of proxies.

(3) The official poll card shall be in the prescribed form and shall set out—

(a) the name of the constituency;

(b) the elector's name, qualifying address and number on the register;

(c) the date and hours of the poll and the situation of the

elector’s polling station.

(4) Paragraph (6) of rule 8 of these rules shall apply for the interpretation of this rule.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68 1245

2nd SCfL —coni.

Special lists

24. The registration officer shall as soon as practicable prepare the following special lists, namely—

(a) a list (in these rules referred to as " the absent voters list *) giving the name and number on the register of every person entitled to vote at the election as an absent voter;

(h) a list (in these rules referred to as "the list of proxies*) giving—

(i) the names and numbers on the register of the electors for whom proxies have been appointed; and

(ii) the names and addresses of the persons appointed;

(c) a list of any persons entitled to vote by post as proxy at the election.

1246

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

2nd Sen. —cant.

Act, 1949 Parliamentary Elections Rules Equipment of polling stations

30.—(1) The returning officer shall provide each presiding officer with such number of ballot boxes and ballot papers as in the opinion of the returning officer may be necessary.

(2) Every ballot box shall be so constructed that the ballot papers can be put therein, but cannot be withdrawn therefrom, without the box being unlocked.

(3) The returning officer shall provide each polling station with—

(a) materials to enable voters to mark the ballot papers;

(b) instruments for stamping thereon the official mark;

(c) copies of the register of electors or such part thereof as

contains the names of the electors allotted to the station;

(d) the parts of any special lists prepared for the election corresponding to the register of electors or part thereof provided under the last foregoing sub-paragraph.

(4) A notice in the form in the Appendix, giving directions for the guidance of the voters in voting, shall be printed in conspicuous characters and exhibited outside every polling station and in every compartment of every polling station.

31.—(1) Each candidate may, before the commencement of the poll, appoint polling agents to attend at polling stations for the purpose of detecting personation and counting agents to attend at the counting of the votes:

Provided that the returning officer may limit the number of counting agents, so however that the number shall be the same in the case of each candidate and the number allowed to a candidate shall not (except in special circumstances) be less than the number obtained by dividing the number of clerks employed on the counting by the number of candidates.

(2) Notice in writing of the appointment, stating the names and addresses of the persons appointed, shall be given by the candidate to the returning officer and, in the case of counting agents, shall be so given not later than the second day (computed like any period of time in the Timetable) before the day of the poll.

(3) If an agent dies, or becomes incapable of acting, the candidate may appoint another agent in his place, and shall forthwith give to the returning officer notice in writing of the name and address of the agent appointed.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this rule shall be without prejudice to the requirements of subsection (1) of section sixty of this Act as to the appointment of paid polling agents, and counting agents may be appointed and the notice of appointment given to the returning officer by the candidate’s election agent, instead of by the candidate.

Appointment of polling and counting agents

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1247

Equipment of polling stations

25. Rule 30 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply, but for the references therein to the register of electors there shall be substituted references to the register of electors for the electoral area, and at an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors, the mayor shall act instead of the returning officer.

2nd Sch. —cont.

Appointment of polling and counting agents

26.—(1) Rule 31 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply except that the latest time for giving notices of appointment of polling or counting agents under paragraph (2) of that rule shall be that in the Timetable in these rules.

(2) At an election of metropolitan borough councillors—

(a) the appointment of an agent may be on behalf of more than one candidate;

(h) not more than one agent shall be appointed to attend on behalf of the same candidate at a polling station or at the counting of the votes;

(c) not more than three or, if the number of candidates exceeds

twenty, four polling agents shall be appointed to attend at any polling station;

(d) the proviso to paragraph (1) of the said parliamentary

elections rule shall not apply, but the total number of counting agents appointed shall not exceed nine, or, if the number of candidates exceeds twenty, twelve.

(3) If at an election of metropolitan borough councillors the number of polling agents appointed to attend at a polling station, or the number of counting agents, exceeds the permitted number, only those agents, up to the permitted number, whose appointments are signed by or on behalf of the greater number of candidates, or, in the event of an equality in the number of signatures, only such of those agents as may be determined by the returning officer, shall be deemed to have been duly appointed.

1248

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sch Parliamentary Elections Rules

—cont.

(5) In the following provisions of these rules references to polling and counting agents shall be taken as references to agents whose appointments have been duly made and notified and, where the number of agents is restricted, who are within the permitted number.

(6) Any notice required to be given to a counting agent by the returning officer may be delivered at or sent by post to the address stated in the notice of appointment.

(7) A candidate may himself do any act or thing which any polling or counting agent of his, if appointed, would have been authorised to do, or may assist his agent in doing any such act or thing.

(8) Where by these rules any act or thing is required or authorised to be done in the presence of the polling or counting agents, the non-attendance of any agents or agent at the time and place appointed for the purpose, shall not, if the act or thing is otherwise duly done, invalidate the act or thing done.

Declaration of secrecy

32.—(1) Before the opening of the poll a declaration of secrecy in the form in paragraph (4) of this rule, or in a form as near thereto as circumstances admit, shall be made by—

(a) the returning officer;

(b) every officer or clerk authorised to attend at a polling station or the counting of the votes;

(c) every candidate attending at a polling station or at the

counting of the votes and every election agent so attending;

(d) every candidate’s wife or husband attending at the counting of the votes;

(e) every polling agent and counting agent;

(f) every person permitted by the returning officer to attend at

the counting of the votes, though not entitled to do so.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing paragraph, the following persons attending at the counting of the votes, that is to say,—

(a) any candidate;

(b) any election agent, or any candidate’s wife or husband attending by virtue of the rule authorising election agents and candidates’ wives or husbands to attend as such;

(c) any person permitted by the returning officer to attend,

though not entitled to do so; need not make the declaration before the opening of the poll but shall make it before he or she is permitted to attend the counting, and a polling or counting agent appointed after the opening of the poll shall make the declaration before acting as such agent.

(3) The returning officer shall make the declaration in the presence of a Justice of the Peace, and any other person shall make the declaration in the presence either of a Justice of the Peace or of the returning officer, and subsections (1), (2), (3) and (6) of section fifty-three of this Act shall be read to the declarant by the person taking the declaration.

1949 Representation the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Declaration of secrecy

27. Rule 32 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

1249

2nd Sob. —cont.

1250

2nd Sch. —cont.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Parliamentary Elections Rules

(4) The declaration shall be as follows—

" I solemnly promise and declare that I will not do anything forbidden by subsections (1), (2), (3) and (6) of section fifty-three of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, which have been read to me."

The Poll Admission to polling station

33.—(1) The presiding officer shall regulate the number of voters to be admitted to the polling station at the same time, and shall exclude all other persons except—

(a) the candidates and their election agents;

(b) the polling agents appointed to attend at the polling station;

(c) the clerks appointed to attend at the polling station;

(d) the constables on duty; and

(e) the companions of blind voters.

(2) A constable or person employed by a returning officer shall not be admitted to vote in person elsewhere than at his own polling station under the provisions of this Act in that behalf, except on production and surrender of a certificate as to his employment, which shall be in the prescribed form and signed by the prescribed officer of police or by the returning officer, as the case may be.

(3) Any certificate surrendered under this rule shall forthwith be cancelled.

Keeping of order in station

34.—(1) It shall be the duty of the presiding officer to keep order at his polling station.

(2) If a person misconducts himself in a polling station, or fails to obey the lawful orders of the presiding officer, he may immediately, by order of the presiding officer, be removed from the polling station by a constable in or near that station or by any other person authorised in writing by the returning officer to remove him, and the person so removed shall not, without the permission of the presiding officer, again enter the polling station during the day.

(3) Any person so removed may, if charged with the commission in the polling station of an offence, be dealt with as a person taken into custody by a constable for an offence without a warrant.

(4) The powers conferred by this rule shall not be exercised so as to prevent a voter who is otherwise entitled to vote at a polling station from having an opportunity of voting at that station.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1251

Local Elections Rules

2nd Sch. —cont.

The Poll

Admission to polling station

28. Rule 33 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply, and references in paragraph (2) thereof to the returning officer shall, at an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors, be taken as including references to the mayor.

Keeping of order in station

29. Rule 34 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

1252

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sch. —cont.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Sealing of ballot boxes

35. Immediately before the commencement of the poll, the presiding officer shall show the ballot box empty to such persons, if any, as are present in the polling station, so that they may see that it is empty, and shall then lock it up and place his seal on it in such .manner as to prevent its being opened without breaking the seal, and shall place it in his view for the receipt of ballot papers, and keep it so locked and sealed.

36.—(1) The presiding officer may, and if required by a candidate or his election or polling agent shall, put to any person applying for a ballot paper at the time of his application, but not afterwards, the following questions, or either of them, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a person applying as an elector—

(i) are you the person registered in the register of

parliamentary electors for this election as follows (read the whole entry from the )?

(ii) have you already voted, here or elsewhere, at this bye-election [general election], otherwise than as proxy for some other person?

(b) in the case of a person applying as proxy—

(i) are you the person whose name appears as A3, in the list of proxies for this election as entitled to vote as proxy on behalf of C.D.?

(ii) have you already voted here or elsewhere at this bye-election [general election] as proxy on behalf of C.D.?

(2) In the case of a person applying as proxy, the presiding officer may, and if required as aforesaid shall, put the following additional question:—

"Are you the husband [wife], parent, grandparent, brother [sister], child or grandchild of C.D.? "

and if that question is not answered in the affirmative the following question: —

" Have you at this election already voted in this constituency on behalf of two persons of whom you are not the husband [wife], parent, grandparent, brother [sister], child or grandchild? "

(3) A ballot paper shall not be delivered to any person required to answer the above questions or any of them unless he has answered the questions or question satisfactorily.

(4) Save as by this rule authorised, no inquiry shall be permitted as to the right of any person to vote.

Questions to be put to voters

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1253

Local Elections Rules

2nd Sch. —com.

Sealing of ballot boxes

30. Rule 35 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

31. Paragraphs (1), (3) and (4) of rule 36 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply but the questions shall be—

(a) in the case of a person applying as an elector at an election

of a county councillor—

(i) Are you the person registered in the register of local

government electors now in force for this electoral division as follows ( read the whole entry from the )?

(ii) Have you already voted at the present election of a county councillor [county councillors] for this electoral division ( adding in the case of an ordinary election or a first election of an additional councillor or for any other electoral division of the county) otherwise than as proxy for some other person?

(b) in the case of a person applying as an elector in an election

of a borough councillor—

(i) Are you the person registered in the register of local

government electors now in force for this borough [ward] as follows (read the whole entry from the )?

(ii) Have you already voted at the present election (<adding in the case of an election for several wards in this or any other ward) otherwise than as proxy for some other person? [In London Have you already voted at the present election of borough councillors for this ward ( adding in the case of an ordinary election or a first election of an additional councillor, or for any other ward of the borough) otherwise than as proxy for some other person?]

(c) in the case of a person applying as proxy at any election—

(i) Are you the person whose name appears as A.B. in the list of proxies for this election as entitled to vote as proxy on behalf of C.D.?

(ii) Have you already voted here or elsewhere at the present election as proxy on behalf of C.D.?

Questions to be put to voters

1254 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sch. —cont.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Challenge of voter

37.—(1) If at the time a person applies for a ballot paper for the purpose of voting in person, or after he has applied for a ballot paper for that purpose and before he has left the polling station, a candidate or his election or polling agent declares to the presiding officer that he has reasonable cause to believe that the applicant has committed an offence of personation and undertakes to substantiate the charge in a court of law, the presiding officer may order a constable to arrest the applicant, and the order of the presiding officer shall be sufficient authority for the constable so to do.

(2) A person against whom a declaration is made under this rule shall not by reason thereof be prevented from voting.

(3) A person arrested under the provisions of this rule shall be dealt with as a person taken into custody by a constable for an offence without a warrant.

Voting procedure

38.—(1) A ballot paper shall be delivered to a voter who applies therefor, and immediately before delivery—

(a) the ballot paper shall be stamped with the official mark, either embossed or perforated;

(b) the number, name and description of the elector as stated in the copy of the register of electors shall be called out;

(c) the number of the elector shall be marked on the counterfoil;

(d) a mark shall be placed in the register of electors against the number of the elector to denote that a ballot paper has been received but without showing the particular ballot paper which has been received; and

(e) in the case of a person applying for a ballot paper as proxy.

a mark shall also be placed against his name in the list of proxies.

(2) The voter, on receiving the ballot paper, shall forthwith proceed into one of the compartments in the polling station and there secretly mark his paper and fold it up so as to conceal his vote, and shall then show to the presiding officer the back of the paper, so as to disclose the official mark, and put the ballot paper so folded up into the ballot box in the presence of the presiding officer.

(3) The voter shall vote without undue delay, and shall leave the polling station as soon as he has put his ballot paper into the ballot box.

Votes marked by presiding officer

39.—(1) The presiding officer, on the application of—

(a) a voter who is incapacitated by blindness or other physical cause from voting in manner directed by these rules; or

(b) if the poll is taken on a Saturday, a voter who declares that he is a Jew, and objects on religious grounds to vote in manner directed by these rules; or

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1255

Challenge of voter

32. Rule 37 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

2nd Sch. —cont.

Voting procedure

33. Rule 38 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply and the counterfoil shall be marked with the distinctive letter of the parliamentary polling district in which the elector is registered as well as with the number of the elector.

Votes marked by presiding officer

34. Rule 39 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

1256 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sch. Parliamentary Elections Rules

—cont.

(c) a voter who declares orally that he is unable to read;

shall, in the presence of the polling agents, cause the vote of the voter to be marked on a ballot paper in manner directed by the voter, and the ballot paper to be placed in the ballot box.

(2) The name and number on the register of electors of every voter whose vote is marked in pursuance of this rule, and the reason why it is so marked, shall be entered on a list (in these rules called " the list of votes marked by the presiding officer ").

In the case of a person voting as proxy for an elector, the number to be entered together with the name of the voter shall be the number of the elector.

Voting by blind persons.

40.—(1) If a voter makes an application to the presiding officer to be allowed on the ground of blindness to vote with the assistance of another person by whom he is accompanied (in these rules referred to as " the companion "), the presiding officer shall require the voter to declare orally whether he is so incapacitated by his blindness as to be unable to vote without assistance.

(2) If the presiding officer is satisfied that the voter is so incapacitated and is also satisfied by a written declaration made by the companion (in these rules referred to as " the declaration made by the companion of a blind voter ") that the companion is a qualified person within the meaning of this rule and has not previously assisted more than one blind person to vote at the election, the presiding officer shall grant the application, and thereupon anything which is by these rules required to be done to or by the said voter in connection with the giving of his vote may be done to, or with the assistance of, the companion.

(3) For the purposes of this rule, a person shall be qualified to assist a blind voter to vote, if that person is either—

(a) a person who is entitled to vote as an elector at the election:

or

(b) the father, mother, brother, sister, husband, wife, son or daughter of the blind voter and has attained the age of twenty-one years.

(4) The name and number in the register of electors of every voter whose vote is given in accordance with this rule and the name and address of the companion shall be entered on a list (in these rules referred to as " the list of blind voters assisted by companions ").

In the case of a person voting as proxy for an elector, the number to be entered together with the name of the voter shall be the number of the elector.

(5) The declaration made by the companion—

(a) shall be in the form in the Appendix;

(b) shall be made before the presiding officer at the time when the voter applies to vote with the assistance of a companion and shall forthwith be given to the presiding officer who shall attest and retain it.

(6) No fee or other payment shall be charged in respect of the declaration.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1257

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Voting by blind persons 35. Rule 40 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

2 T

1258

Ch. 68

2nd Sch.

— con.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Tendered ballot papers

41. —(1) If a person, representing himself to be—

(a) a particular elector named on the register and not named

in the absent voters list; or

(b) a particular person named in the list of proxies as proxy for an elector and not named in the list of persons entitled to vote by post as proxy,

applies for a ballot paper after another person has voted in person either as the elector or his proxy, the applicant shall, on satisfactorily answering the questions permitted by law to be asked at the poll, be entitled, subject to the following provisions of this rule, to mark a ballot paper (in these rules referred to as " a tendered ballot paper ") in the same manner as any other voter.

(2) A tendered ballot paper shall—

(a) be of a colour differing from the other ballot papers;

(b) instead of being put into the ballot box, be given to the presiding officer and endorsed by him with the name of the voter and his number in the register of electors, and set aside in a separate packet.

(3) The name of the voter and his number on the register of electors shall be entered on a list (in these rules referred to as the " tendered votes list ").

(4) In the case of a person voting as proxy for an elector, the number to be endorsed or entered together with the name of the voter shall be the number of that elector.

Spoilt ballot papers

42. A voter who has inadvertently dealt with his ballot paper in such manner that it cannot be conveniently used as a ballot paper may, on delivering it to the presiding officer and proving to his satisfaction the fact of the inadvertence, obtain another ballot paper in the place of the ballot paper so delivered (in these rules referred to as " a spoilt ballot paper "), and the spoilt ballot paper shall be immediately cancelled.

Adjournment of poll in case of riot

43.—(1) Where the proceedings at any polling station are interrupted or obstructed by riot or open violence, the presiding officer shall adjourn the proceedings till the following day and shall forthwith give notice to the returning officer.

(2) Where the poll is adjourned at any polling station-

fa) the hours of polling on the day to which it is adjourned shall be the same as for the original day; and

(b) references in this Act to the close of the poll shall be construed accordingly.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1259

Tendered ballot papers

36. Rule 41 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply and the distinctive letter of the parliamentary polling district in which the elector is registered shall be entered on the tendered votes list as well as his number on the register.

2nd Sch. —cont.

Spoilt ballot papers

37. Rule 42 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

Adjournment of poll in case of riot

38. For the purpose of the adjournment of the poll in the event of riot or open violence, a presiding officer shall have the power by law belonging to a presiding officer at a parliamentary election.

2 T 2

1260 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sch. —cont.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Procedure on close of poll

44.—-(1) As soon as practicable after the close of the poll, the presiding officer shall, in the presence of the polling agents, make up into separate packets, sealed with his own seal and the seals of such polling agents as desire to affix their seals,—

(a) each ballot box in use at the station, sealed so as to prevent

the introduction of additional ballot papers and unopened, but with the key attached;

(b) the unused and spoilt ballot papers placed together;

(c) the tendered ballot papers;

(d) the marked copies of the register of electors and of the list of proxies;

(e) the counterfoils of the used ballot papers and the certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll;

if)the tendered votes list, the list of blind voters assisted by companions, the list of votes marked by the presiding officer, a statement of the number of voters whose votes are so marked by the presiding officer under the heads " physical incapacity", "Jews", and "unable to read", and the declarations made by the companions of blind voters;

and shall deliver the packets to the returning officer to be taken charge of by him.

(2) The marked copies of the register of electors and of the list of proxies shall be in one packet but shall not be in the same packet as the counterfoils of the used ballot papers and the certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll.

(3) The packets shall be accompanied by a statement (in these rules referred to as "the ballot paper account*) made by the presiding officer showing the number of ballot papers entrusted to him, and accounting for them under the heads of ballot papers in the ballot box, unused, spoilt and tendered ballot papers.

Counting of Votes Attendance at counting of votes

43.—(1) The returning officer shall make arrangements for counting the votes in the presence of the counting agents as soon as practicable after the close of the poll, and shall give to the counting agents notice in writing of the time and place at which he will begin to count the votes.

(2) No person other than—

(a) the returning officer and his clerks;

(b) the candidates and their wives or husbands;

(c) the election agents; id) the counting agents; may be present at the counting of the votes, unless permitted by the returning officer to attend

1949

Representation of the People.

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1261

Procedure on close of poll

39. Rule 44 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

2nd Sch. —cont.

Counting of Votes

Attendance at counting of votes

40. Rule 45 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

1262 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sen. Parliamentary Elections Rules

—cont.

(3) The returning officer shall give the counting agents all such reasonable facilities for overseeing the proceedings, and all such information with respect thereto, as he can give them consistently with the orderly conduct of the proceedings and the discharge of his duties in connection therewith.

(4) In particular, where the votes are counted by sorting the ballot papers according to the candidate for whom the vote is given and then counting the number of ballot papers for each candidate, the counting agents shall be entitled to satisfy themselves that the ballot papers are correctly sorted.

The count

46. —(1) Before the returning officer proceeds to count the votes, he shall—

(a) in the presence of the counting agents open each ballot box and, taking out the ballot papers therein, count and record the number thereof;

C b)count such of the postal ballot papers as have been duly returned and record the number counted; and

(c) then mix together the whole of the ballot papers mentioned in the foregoing sub-paragraphs.

(2) A postal ballot paper shall not be deemed to be duly returned, unless it is returned in the proper envelope so as to reach the returning officer before the close of the poll and is accompanied by the declaration of identity duly signed and authenticated.

(3) The returning officer shall not count any tendered ballot paper.

(4) The returning officer, while counting and recording the number of ballot papers and counting the votes, shall keep the ballot papers with their faces upwards and take all proper precautions for preventing any person from seeing the numbers printed bn the back of the papers.

(5) The returning officer shall, so far as practicable, proceed continuously with counting the votes, allowing only time for refreshment:

Provided that he may, in so far as he and the agents agree, exclude the hours between seven o’clock in the evening and nine o’clock on the following morning.

For the purposes of this proviso the agreement of a candidate or his election agent shall be as effective as the agreement of his counting agents.

(6) During the excluded time the returning officer shall place the ballot papers and other documents relating to the election under his own seal and the seals of such of the counting agents as desire to affix their seals and shall otherwise take proper precautions for the security of the papers and documents.

Re-count

47. —(1) A candidate or his election agent may, if present when the counting or any re-count of the votes is completed, require the returning officer to have the votes re-counted or again re-counted but the returning officer may refuse to do so if in his opinion the request is unreasonable.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1263

Local Elections Rules

2nd Sch —cont.

The count

41. Rule 46 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply except that—

(a) in paragraph (5) thereof, for the words "seven o’clock in

the evening" there shall be substituted the words "eight o'clock in the evening";

(b) at an election of metropolitan borough councillors, the concurrence required for the interruption of the counting of the votes by the returning officer shall, where counting agents have been appointed to attend on behalf of more than one candidate jointly, be that of the agents unless each of those candidates or his election agent concurs.

Re-count

42. Rule 47 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

1264

Ch. 68

2nd Sch —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Parliamentary Elections Rules

(2) No step shall be taken on the completion of the counting or any re-count of votes until the candidates and election agents present at the completion thereof have been given a reasonable opportunity to exercise the right conferred by this rule.

Rejected ballot papers

48.—(1) Any ballot paper—

(a) which does not bear the official mark; or*

(b) on which votes are given for more than one candidate; or

(c) on which anything is written or marked by which the voter

can be identified except the printed number on the back; or

(d) which is unmarked or void for uncertainty;

shall, subject to the provisions of the next following paragraph be void and not counted.

(2) A ballot paper on which the vote is marked—

(a) elsewhere than in the proper place; or

(b) otherwise than by means of a cross; or

(c) by more than one mark;

shall not by reason thereof be deemed to be void if an intention that the vote shall be for one or other of the candidates clearly appears, and the way the paper is marked does not of itself identify the voter and it is not shown that he can be identified thereby.

(3) The returning officer shall endorse the word "rejected " on any ballot paper which under this rule is not to be counted, and shall add to the endorsement the words "rejection objected to " if an objection is made by a counting agent to his decision.

(4) The returning officer shall draw up a statement showing the number of ballot papers rejected under the several heads of—

(a) want of official mark;

(b) voting for more than one candidate;

(c) writing or mark by which voter could be identified;

(d) unmarked or void for uncertainty;

and any counting agent may copy the statement.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Rejected ballot papers

43.—(1) Any ballot paper—

(a) which does not bear the official mark; or

(b) on which votes are given for more candidates than the

voter is entitled to vote for; or

(c) on which anything is written or marked by which the voter

can be identified except the printed number on the back; or

(d) which is unmarked or void for uncertainty;

shall, subject to the provisions of this rule, be void and not counted.

(2) Where the voter is entitled to vote for more than one candidate, a ballot paper shall not be deemed to be void for uncertainty as respects any vote as to which no uncertainty arises and that vote shall be counted.

(3) A ballot paper on which a vote is marked—

(a) elsewhere than in the proper place; or

(b) otherwise than by means of a cross; or

(c) by more than one mark;

shall not by reason thereof be deemed to be void (either wholly or as respects that vot.e), if an intention that the vote shall be for one or other of the candidates clearly appears, and the way the paper is marked does not of itself identify die voter and it is not shown that he can be identified thereby.

(4) The returning officer shall endorse—

(a) the word "rejected " on any ballot paper which under this

rule is not to be counted; and

(b) in the case of a ballot paper on which any vote is counted under paragraph (2) of this rule, the words "rejected in part " and a memorandum specifying the votes counted;

mid shall add to the endorsement the words "rejection objected to " if an objection is made by a counting agent to his decision.

(5) The returning officer shall draw up a statement showing the number of ballot papers rejected, including those rejected in part, under the several heads of—

(a) want of official mark;

(b) voting for more candidates than voter is entitled to;

(c) writing or mark by which voter could be identified;

(d) unmarked or wholly void for uncertainty;

(e) rejected in part;

and any counting agent may copy the statement.

2 T *

1265

2nd Sch. —cant.

1266 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sch. Parliamentary Elections Rules

—cont.

Decisions on ballot papers

49. The decision of the returning officer on any question arising in respect of a ballot paper shall be final, but shall be subject to review on an election petition.

Equality of votes

50. Where, after the counting of the votes (including any re-count) is completed, an equality of votes is found to exist between any candidates and the addition of a vote would entitle any of those candidates to be declared elected, the returning officer shall forthwith decide between those candidates by lot, and proceed as if the candidate on whom the lot falls had received an additional vote.

PART IV

FINAL PROCEEDINGS IN CONTESTED AND UNCONTESTED ELECTIONS

Declaration of result

51. —(1) In a contested election, when the result of the poll has been ascertained, the returning officer shall forthwith—

(a) declare to be elected the candidate to whom the majority of

votes has been given;

(b) return his name to the Clerk of the Crown; and

(c) give public notice of his name and of the total number of

votes given for each candidate.

(2) In an uncontested election, the statement of persons nominated, in addition to showing the person standing nominated, shall also declare that person elected, and the returning officer shall forthwith return his name to the Clerk of the Crown.

Return to the writ

52. —(1) The returning officer shall return the name of the member elected by endorsing on the writ a certificate in the form in the Appendix.

(2) Any rule of law or enactment as to the effect of, or manner of dealing with, the return of a member to serve in Parliament shall apply to the certificate.

(3) The returning officer may, on receiving a receipt, deliver the writ with the certificate endorsed thereon to the postmaster of the* principal post office of the place of election or the postmasters deputy.

(4) The postmaster or his deputy shall send the writ so endorsed by the first post, free of charge, under cover to the Clerk of the Crown with the words "Election Writ and Return" endorsed thereon.

(5) Any reference in the foregoing provisions of this Part of these rules to the Clerk of the Crown shall be taken, in relation to an election for a constituency in Northern Ireland, as a reference to the Clerk of the Crown for Northern Ireland, but any writ returned

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1267

Decisions on ballot papers

44. Rule 49 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

2nd Sch.

—cent.

Equality of votes

45. Rule 50 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply.

PART IV

FINAL PROCEEDINGS IN CONTESTED AND UNCONTESTED

ELECTIONS

Declaration of result

46.—(1) In a contested election, when the result of the poll has been ascertained the returning officer shall forthwith declare to be elected the candidate or candidates to whom the majority of votes have been given, and shall as soon as possible publish the name or names of the candidate or candidates elected and the total number of votes given for each candidate, whether elected or not.

(2) In an uncontested election, the returning officer shall, not later than eleven o’clock in the morning on the day of election, publish the name or names of the person or persons elected.

The return

47. The returning officer shall forthwith upon declaration of the result of the election return the name of each person elected—

(a) at an election of a county councillor other than a London county councillor, to the county returning officer, who shall forthwith return the name to the clerk of the county council;

(b) at an election of London county councillors, to the clerk of

the London county council;

(c) at an election of borough councillors, to the town clerk.

2 T • 2

1268 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sgh. Parliamentary Elections Rules

—com.

to the Clerk of the Crown for Northern Ireland shall be transmitted by him to the Clerk of the Crown in England and the return shall be certified to the House of Commons in the same manner as returns for elections for constituencies in Great Britain.

(6) A copy of each writ returned to the Clerk of the Crown for Northern Ireland and of the certificate endorsed thereon shall be attested by the Governor of Northern Ireland, shall be kept in the office of the Clerk of the Crown for Northern Ireland and may be given in evidence if the originals are lost.

Record of returns at Crown Office

53. —(1) The Clerk of the Crown shall from the certificate on each writ returned to him enter the name of the member returned in a book to be kept by him at the Crown Office.

(2) The Clerk of the Crown shall also enter in the book any double return and any alteration or amendment made by him in the certificate endorsed on any writ.

(3) The book shall be open to public inspection at reasonable times and any person may, on payment of a reasonable fee, take copies from the book.

Return or forfeiture of candidate's deposit

54. —(1) The deposit made under rule 10 of these rules shall either be returned to the person making it or his personal representatives or be forfeited to His Majesty.

(2) Except in the cases hereafter mentioned in this rule, the deposit shall be returned as soon as practicable after the result of the election is declared.

(3) If the candidate is not shown as standing nominated in the statement of persons nominated, or if the poll is countermanded by reason of his death, the deposit shall be returned as soon as practicable after the publication of the statement or after his death, as the case may be.

(4) Subject to the last foregoing paragraph the deposit shall be forfeited if a poll is taken and, after the counting of the votes by the returning officer (including any re-count) is completed, the candidate is found not to have polled more than one-eighth of the total number of votes polled by all the candidates.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the three last foregoing paragraphs, if at a general election a candidate is shown as standing nominated in more than one constituency in the statements of persons nominated, not more than one of the deposits shall be returned and. if necessary, the Treasury shall direct which it is to be.

PART V DISPOSAL OF DOCUMENTS Verification of ballot paper account

55. —(1) On the completion of the counting at a contested election the returning officer shall seal up in separate packets the counted and rejected ballot papers.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rulbs

PART V DISPOSAL OF DOCUMENTS

Verification of ballot paper account

48. Rule 55 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply, but the reference to rejected ballot papers shall include a reference to those rejected in part

1269

2nd Sch. —cont.

1278

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2nd Sch —cont.

Parliamentary Elections Rules

(2) The returning officer shall then in the presence of the counting agents verify each ballot paper account by comparing it with the number of ballot papers recorded by him, and the unused and spoilt ballot papers in his possession and the tendered votes list (opening and resealing the packets containing the unused and spoilt ballot papers and the tendered votes list) and shall draw up a statement as to the result of the verification, which any counting agent may copy.

(3) The returning officer shall not open the sealed packets of tendered ballot papers or of counterfoils and certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll, or of marked copies of the register of electors and lists of proxies.

56.—(1) The returning officer shall then forward to the Clerk of the Crown the following documents, that is to say—

(a) the packets of ballot papers in his possession;

(b) the ballot paper accounts and the statements of rejected ballot papers and of the result of the verification of the ballot paper accounts;

(c) the tendered votes lists, the lists of blind voters assisted by companions, the lists of votes marked by the presiding officer and the statements relating thereto, and the declarations made by the companions of blind voters;

(d) the packets of counterfoils and certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll;

(e) the packets containing marked copies of registers and of lists of proxies,

endorsing on each packet a description of its contents, the date of the election to which they relate and the name of the constituency for which the election was held.

(2) The returning officer may forward the documents either by delivering them by himself or his agent to the Clerk of the Crown or his deputy or by sending them by post in like manner as he may send the writ by post; but if he sends them by post—

(a) he shall send a letter to the Clerk of the Crown by the same post, specifying the number and description of the documents so sent;

(b) a copy of the receipt given him by the postmaster or deputy postmaster shall be signed by him and retained by the postmaster or deputy postmaster.

(3) The Clerk of the Crown shall on receiving the documents give a receipt to the person delivering them, and shall register them in the books of the Crown Office specifying the date and time of receipt

(4) Any receipt to be given for the documents shall show the date and time of their receipt

Delivery of documents to Clerk of the Crown

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ql 68

1271

Local Elections Rules

2nd See. —cont.

Delivery of documents to clerk of the authority

49. Paragraph (1) of rule 56 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply but as if—

(a) the reference to the Clerk of the Crown were taken to be a reference to the clerk of the authority to which councillors are to be elected; and

(h) the reference to the name of the constituency were taken to be a reference to the name of the electoral area.

1272

Ch. 68

2nd Sch —cent.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Parliamentary Elections Rules

Orders for production of documents

57.—(1) An order—

(a) for the inspection or production of any rejected ballot papers in the custody of the Gerk of the Gown; or

(i b)for the opening of a sealed packet of counterfoils and certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll or the inspection of any counted ballot papers in his custody

may be made—

(i) by the House of Commons; or

(ii) if satisfied by evidence on oath that the order is required for the purpose of instituting or maintaining a prosecution for an offence in relation to ballot papers, or for the purpose of an election petition, by the High Court or a county court.

(2) An order for the opening of a sealed packet of counterfoils and certificates or for the inspection of any counted ballot papers in the said custody may be made by an election court.

(3) An order under this rule may be made subject to such conditions as to persons, time, place and mode of inspection, production or opening as the House of Commons or court making the order may think expedient:

Provided that in making and carrying into effect an order for the opening of a packet of counterfoils and certificates or for the inspection of counted ballot papers, care shall be taken that the way in which the vote of any particular elector has been given shall not be disclosed until it has been proved that his vote was given and that the vote has been declared by a competent court to be invalid.

(4) An appeal shall lie to the High Court from any order of a county court made under this rule.

(5) Any power given under this rule to the High Court or, except in Northern Ireland, to a county court may be exercised by any judge of the court otherwise than in open court.

In Northern Ireland, the powers given under this rule to a county court may be exercised in such manner as may be provided by rules of court

(6) Where an order is made for the production by the Gerk of the Crown of any document in his possession relating to any specified election, the production by him or his agent of the document ordered, in such manner as may be directed by that order shall be conclusive evidence that the document relates to the specified election; and any endorsement on any packet of ballot papers so produced shall be prima facie evidence that the ballot papers are what they are stated to be by the endorsement.

(7) The production from proper custody of a ballot paper purporting to have been used at any election, and of a counterfoil marked with the same printed number and having a number marked thereon in writing, shall be prima facie evidence that the elector whose vote was given by that ballot paper was the person who at the time

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

' Orders for production of documents

50. —(1) An order—

(a) f6r the inspection or production of any rejected ballot papers, including ballot papers rejected in part; or

(b) for the opening of a sealed packet of counterfoils and

certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll or for the inspection of counted ballot papers,

may be made by either a county court having jurisdiction in the county or borough, as the case may be, or any part thereof, or an election court, if the court is satisfied by evidence on oath that the order is required for the purpose of instituting or maintaining a prosecution for an offence in relation to ballot papers, or for the purpose of an election petition.

(2) The order may be made subject to such conditions as to persons, time, place and mode of inspection, production or opening as the court making the order may think expedient and may direct the clerk of the authority having custody of the ballot papers and the sealed packets of counterfoils and certificates to retain them intact for such period as may be specified in the order:

Provided that in making and carrying into effect the order, care shall be taken that the way in which the vote of any particular elector has been given shall not be disclosed until it has been proved that his vote was given and the vote has been declared by a competent court to be invalid.

(3) An appeal shall lie to the High Court from any order of a county court made under this rule.

(4) Any power given under this rule to a county court may be exercised by any judge of the court otherwise than in open court.

(5) Paragraphs (6), (7) and (8) of rule 57 of the parliamentary elections rules shall apply but with the substitution of the clerk of the authority for the Clerk of the Crown.

Retention and public inspection of documents

51. —(1) The clerk of the authority shall retain for six months among the records of the authority all documents relating to an election which are, in pursuance of these rules, forwarded to him by a returning officer or held by him and then, unless otherwise directed by an order under the last foregoing rule, shall cause them to be destroyed.

(2) The said documents, except ballot papers, counterfoils and certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll, shall during a period of six months from the day of election be open to public inspection at such time and in such manner as may be determined by the authority with the consent of the Secretary of State.

(3) The clerk of the authority shall, on request, supply copies of or extracts from the documents open to public inspection on payment of such fees, and subject to such conditions, as may be determined by the authority with the consent of the Secretary of State.

1273

2nd Sch. —cont.

1274 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

2nd Sch. Parliamentary Elections Rules

—cont.

of the election had affixed to his name in the register of electors the same number as the number written on the counterfoil.

(8) Save as by this rule provided, no person shall be allowed to inspect any rejected or counted ballot papers in the possession of the Clerk of the Crown or to open any sealed packets of counterfoils and certificates.

Retention and public inspection of documents

58.—(1) The Clerk of the Crown shall retain for a year all documents relating to an election forwarded to him in pursuance of these rules by a returning officer, and then, unless otherwise directed by order of the House of Commons or the High Court, shall cause them to be destroyed.

(2) The said documents, except ballot papers, counterfoils and certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll, shall be open to public inspection at such time and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by the Clerk of the Crown with the consent of the Speaker of the House of Commons.

(3) The Clerk of the Crown shall, on request, supply copies of or extracts from the documents open to public inspection on payment of such fees and subject to such conditions as may be sanctioned by the Treasury.

Disposal of documents in Scotland

59. In Scotland, the documents mentioned in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of paragraph (1) of rule 56 of these rules shall, instead of being forwarded to the Clerk of the Crown, be kept by the sheriff clerk for the county comprising the constituency or, if the constituency comprises the whole or part of more counties than one, the sheriff clerk of such of one of those counties as the Secretary of State may by order appoint, and the provisions of rules 57 and 58 of these rules shall apply to those documents with the substitution of that sheriff clerk for the Clerk of the Crown.

Disposal of documents in Northern Ireland

60. In relation to an election for a constituency in Northern Ireland, any reference in this Part of these rules to the Clerk of the Crown shall be taken as a reference to the Clerk of the Crown for Northern Ireland.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1275

Supplemental provisions as to documents

52. Subject to the provisions of these rules, the clerk of the authority shall in respect of the custody and destruction of ballot papers and other documents coining into his possession in pursuance of these rules, be subject to the directions of the authority.

2nd Sch. —cont.

PART VI SUPPLEMENTAL

General duty of returning officer or mayor

53. It shall be the general duty of the mayor at an election of borough councillors other than metropolitan borough councillors, and of the returning officer at any other election, to do any act or thing that may be necessary for effectually conducting the election under these rules.

Discharge of functions of mayor

54. Any act or thing required by these rules to be done by, to or before the mayor of a borough, other than a metropolitan borough, may, in any case in which the office of mayor is vacant or the mayor is for any reason unable to act, be done by, to or before the deputy mayor of the borough, or if there is no deputy mayor, or the deputy mayor is for any reason unable to act, by to or before such alderman of the borough as the council of the borough may choose for that purpose.

Construction

55. The parliamentary elections rules and the local elections rules shall be construed separately, but where any local elections rule applies a provision of the parliamentary elections rules, it shall be taken as requiring that that provision shall, subject to any modifications required by the local elections rule, have effect as if also enacted in the local elections rules.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Appendix

Note.—The forms contained in this Appendix may be adapted so far as circumstances require.

Form of writ for parliamentary elections

♦George the Sixth, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions beyond the Seas King, Defender of the Faith, to the Returning Officer for the Constituency,

Greeting:

I tWhereas by the advice of Our Council We have ordered a Parlia-

ofa gtntraitUcuon. ment to be holden at Westminster on the day of next.

We command you that, due notice being first given, you do cause election to be made according to law of a Member to serve in i£rt£i£l£t%Zri£ Parliament for the said Constituency [Jin the place of

the puce of a.b., ] and that you do cause the name of such member

•£TmS*0'*'' when so elected, whether he be present or absent, to be certified com* of roamey. to Us, in Our Chancery, without delay.

Witness Ourself at Westminster, the day of

in the Year of Our reign, and in the Year of Our Lord 19

1276

2nd Sch. —cont.

•The memof the

torerelgn may be alteredwhen

afOfiMTJf.

Label or direction of writ

To the Returning Officer for the Constituency.

A writ of a new Election of a Member for the said Constituency.

Endorsement

Received the within Writ on the day of , 19

(Signed)

Returning Officer (or as the case may be.)

Certificate endorsed on writ

I hereby certify, that the Member elected for the Con-

stituency in pursuance of the within written Writ is of in the County of

(Signed)

Returning Officer (or as the case may be.)

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Appendix

Form of notice of parliamentary election Parliamentary Election for the Constituency

1. An election is to be held of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Constituency.

2. Nomination papers may be delivered by the candidate or his

proposer or seconder to the returning officer at between

the hours of ten in the morning and three in the afternoon (or on a Saturday between those of ten in the morning and noon) on any day after the date of this notice, but not later than the day of

3. Forms of nomination paper may be obtained at the place and times aforesaid. The returning officer will at the request of any elector prepare for signature a nomination paper.

4. If the election is contested, the poll will take place on

the day of

(Signed)

Returning Officer {or as the case may be.) day of , 19 .

NOTE

1. The attention of candidates and electors is drawn to the rules for filling up nomination papers and other provisions relating to nomination contained in the parliamentary elections rules in the Second Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1949.

2. Every person guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice will, on conviction, be liable to the penalties imposed by the Representation of the People Act, 1949.

1277

2nd Sch. —com.

1278

Ch. 68

2nd Sch. —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Appendix

Form of nomination paper for a parliamentary election ELECTION OF A MEMBER to serve in Parliament for the Constituency.

We, the undersigned, being electors for the said Constituency, do hereby nominate the under-mentioned person as a candidate at the said election.

Candidate’s Other names Place of Description

surname in full Residence

Brown John Edward... 52, George Street, Bristol. Merchant

Signature

Electoral Number (See note 3)

Proposer

Seconder

We, the undersigned, being electors for the said Constituency, do hereby assent to the foregoing nomination.

2

3

4

5

6

7

NOTE

1. The attention of candidates and electors is drawn to the rules for filling up nomination papers and other provisions relating to nomination contained in the parliamentary elections rules in the Second Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1949.

2. Where a candidate is commonly known by some title he may be described by his title as if it were his surname.

3. A person’s electoral number is his number in the register to be used at the election (including the distinctive letter of the parliamentary polling district in which he is registered) except that before publication of the register his number (if any) in the electors lists for that register shall be used instead.

4. An elector may not subscribe more than one nomination paper for the same election.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1279

Act, 1949

Appendix 2nd Sch.

—cent.

Form of Ballot Paper

Form of Front of Ballot Paper

Counterfoil

No.

The counterfoil is to have a number to correspond with that on the back of the Ballot

BROWN

(JOHN EDWARD Brown, of 52, George Street, Bristol, merchant.)

BROWN

(THOMAS WILLIAM Brown, of 136, London Road, Swindon, salesman.)

JONES

(William David Jones, of High Elms, Wilts., gentleman.)

MERTON

(Hon. George Travis, commonly called Viscount Merton, of Swanworth, Berks.)

SMITH

(Mary Smith, of 72 High Street, Bath, married woman.)

Form of Back of Ballot Paper

No.

Election for the [ Constituency] [

electoral division of the county of ] [borough of

] [ ward of the borough of

] day of ,19 .

Note.—The number on the ballot paper is to correspond with that on the counterfoil.

1280

2nd Sch. —coni.

*To be modified for a

local government election where there Is more than one vacancy.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Appendix

Directions as to printing the ballot paper

1. Nothing is to be printed on the ballot paper except,in accordance with these directions.

2. So far as practicable, the following arrangements shall be observed in the printing of the ballot paper:—

(a) no word shall be printed on the face except the particulars of the candidates;

(b) no rule shall be printed on the face except the horizontal rules separating the particulars of the candidates from one another and the vertical rules separating those particulars from the numbers on the left-hand side and the spaces on the right where the vote is to be marked;.

(c) the whole space between the top and bottom of the paper shall be equally divided between the candidates by the rules separating their particulars.

3. The surname of each candidate shall in all cases be printed by itself in large capitals, and his full particulars shall be set out below it and shall be printed in ordinary type except that small capitals shall be used—

(n) if his surname is the same as another candidate's, for his other names; and

(b) if his other names are also the same as the other candidate's, either for his residence or for his description unless each of them is the same as that of another candidate with the same surname and other names.

4. The number on the back of the ballot paper shall be printed in small characters.

Form of directions for the guidance of the voters in voting

1. The voter may vote for not more than one* candidate.

2. The voter should see that the ballot paper, before it is handed to him, is stamped with the official mark.

3. The voter will go into one of the compartments and, with the pencil provided in the compartment, place a cross on the right-hand side of the ballot paper, opposite the name* of the candidate* for whom he votes, thus X

4. The voter will then fold up the ballot paper so as to show the official mark on the back, and leaving the compartment will, without showing the front of the paper to any person, show the official mark on the back to the presiding officer, and then, in the presence of the presiding officer, put the paper into the ballot box, and forthwith leave the polling station.

5. If the voter inadvertently spoils a ballot paper he can return it to the officer, who will, if satisfied of such inadvertence, give him another paper.

6. If the voter votes for more than one* candidate, or places any mark on the paper by which he may afterwards be identified, his ballot paper will be void, and will not be counted.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Appendix

7. If the voter fraudulently takes a ballot paper out of a polling station or fraudulently puts into the ballot box any paper other than the one given to him by the officer, he will be liable on conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months (for a local government election add or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine).

Note.—These directions when used for a parliamentary election shall be illustrated by examples of the ballot paper.

Form of declaration to be made by the companion of a blind voter at a parliamentary election

1, A. B* of , having been requested to assist C. D., (in the case of a blind person voting as proxy add voting as proxy for M. N.) whose number on the register is , to record his vote at the election now being held in this constituency, hereby declare that [I am entitled to vote as an elector at the said election] [I am the of the said voter and have attained the age of twenty-one years], and that I have not previously assisted any blind person [except E. F., of ] to vote at the said election.

(Signed) A. B.,

day of

19 .

I, the undersigned, being the presiding officer for the polling station for the Constituency, hereby certify

that the above declaration, having been first read to the above-named declarant, was signed by the declarant in my presence.

(Signed) G.H.,

day of 19 .

minutes past o’clock [a.m.] [p.m.].

NOTE.—If the person making the above declaration knowingly and wilfully makes therein a statement false in a material particular, he will be guilty of an offence.

Form of declaration to be made by the companion of a blind voter at a local government election

I, A. B., of

having been requested to assist C. D. (in the case of a blind person voting as proxy add voting as proxy for M. N.) who is numbered on the register of local government electors for the [ electoral division of the county of ] [borough of ]

[ ward of the borough of ], to record

his vote at the election now being held for the said [electoral division] [borough] [ward], do hereby declare that [I am entitled to vote as an elector at the said election] [I am the* of the said

1281

2nd Sch. —cont.

• State the

relationship of the companion to the voter.

•State the relationship of the companion to the voter.

1282 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

1949

2nd Sch. Appendix

—cont.

voter and have attained the age of twenty-one years], and that 1 have not previously assisted any blind person [except E. F., of ], to vote at the said election.

(Signed), A. B.

day of , 19 .

I, the undersigned, being the presiding officer for the polling station for the [ electoral division of the county

of ] [borough of ] [

ward of the borough of ], do hereby certify that the

above declaration, having been first read to the above-named declarant, was signed by the declarant in my presence.

(Signed), G. H.

day of , 19 ,

at minutes past o’clock [a.m.] [p.m.].

NOTE.—If the person making the above declaration knowingly and wilfully makes therein a statement false in a material particular, he will be guilty of an offence.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

THIRD SCHEDULE

Rules for Conduct of a Local Government Election in Scotland Arrangement of rules Part I Provisions as to Time

Role

1. Timetable.

2. Computation of time.

3. Hours of poll.

Sections 3( 31 and 32.

Part II

Stages Common to Contested and Uncontested Elections

4. Notice of election.

5. Nomination of candidates.

6. Restrictions on subscribing nomination papers.

7. Validity of nomination papers.

8. Withdrawal of nominations.

9. Nomination in more than one electoral area.

10. Method of election and notice of uncontested election.

Part III

Contested Elections General provisions

11. Poll to be taken by ballot.

12. The ballot papers.

13. The official mark.

14. Prohibition of disclosure of vote.

15. Use of schools and public rooms.

16. General duty of returning officer.

Action to be taken before the poll

17. Notice of poll.

18. Death of candidate after time for delivery of nomination

papers.

19. Postal ballot papers.

20. Provision of polling stations.

21. Appointment of presiding officers and clerks.

22. Special lists.

23. Equipment of polling stations.

24. Appointment of polling and counting agents.

25. Declaration of secrecy.

The poll

26. Admission to polling station.

27. Keeping of order in station.

28. Sealing of ballot boxes.

29. Questions to be put to voters.

30. Challenge of voter.

1283

1284

3rd Sch. —cont.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

Rule

31. Voting procedure.

32. Votes marked by presiding officer.

33. Voting by blind persons.

34. Tendered ballot papers.

35. Spoilt ballot papers.

36. Adjournment of poll in case of riot.

37. Procedure on close of poll.

Counting of votes

38. Attendance at counting of votes.

39. The count.

40. Re-count.

41. Rejected ballot papers.

42. Decisions on ballot papers.

43. Equality of votes.

Part IV

Final Proceedings in Contested and Uncontested Elections

44. Declaration of result.

45. The return.

Part V Disposal of Documents

46. Verification of ballot paper account.

47. Documents to be forwarded to or retained by county clerk

or town clerk.

48. Orders for production of documents.

49. Retention and public inspection of documents.

50. Directions of county council or town council.

Part VI

Application of Rules to District Council Elections

51. Hours of poll.

52. Polling stations and officials.

53. Arrangements for giving out and receiving papers.

54. Publication of notices.

55. The return.

Appendix

Forms for Use at the Election of County Councillors or of Town Councillors

Form

A I—III Form of notice of election.

B I—III Form of nomination paper.

C Form of notice of withdrawal.

D I—III Form of notice of uncontested election.

E I—III Form of notice of poll

F Form of ballot paper; and directions as to printing the

ballot paper.

G Form of directions for the guidance of the voters in

voting.

H Form of declaration of secrecy.

I Form of declaration to be made by the companion of

a blind voter.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

PART I PROVISIONS AS TO TIME

Timetable

1. The proceedings at the election shall be conducted in accordance with the following Timetable—

Proceeding. Time

Publication of notice of election. On or within seven days before the fourth Tuesday preceding the day of election.

Delivery of nomination papers. Not later than 4 o’clock afternoon on the third Tuesday preceding the day of election.

Delivery of notice of withdrawal of nomination. Not later than 4 o’clock afternoon on the second Tuesday preceding the day of election.

Notice in case of uncontested election and notice of poll in contested election. Not later than the Friday preceding the day of election.

Giving of notice of appointment of polling or counting agents. Not later than the fourth day before the day of election.

Computation of Time

2.—(1) Where the day or the last day on which anything is required or permitted by these rules to be done is a Sunday, Christmas Day, New Year’s Day, Good Friday, bank holiday or a public holiday or a day appointed for public thanksgiving or mourning, the requirement or permission shall be deemed to relate to the first day thereafter which is not one of those days.

(2) In computing the period of four days mentioned in the Timetable in relation to the appointment of polling or counting agents, the before-mentioned days, other than a public holiday, shall be disregarded.

(3) Nothing in this rule shall apply in relation to the counting of the votes and the other proceedings of the returning officer after the dose of the poll or to things done by other persons in the course of those proceedings, but the returning officer shall not be obliged to proceed with the counting on any of the days mentioned in paragraph (1) of this rule.

Hours of Poll

3.—<1) The poll shall, subject as hereinafter provided, commence at eight o’clock in the morning and shall be kept open until eight o'clock in the afternoon of the same day and no longer.

1285

3rd Sch. —cont.

1286

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

3rd Sch. —cont.

Scottish Local Elections Rules

(2) If within the time for delivery of notices of withdrawal of nominations—

(a) the appropriate council resolve; or

C b)there is delivered at the place at which such notices as aforesaid are required to be delivered a notice signed by the candidate or candidates authorised as hereinafter mentioned, requesting,

that the poll in any electoral area shall—

(i) commence at seven o'clock in the morning; or

(ii) be kept open until nine o'clock in the afternoon; or

(iii) commence at seven o'clock in the morning and be kept open until nine o’clock in the afternoon;

the poll in that area shall commence or be kept open in accordance with such resolution or notice.

(3) For the purposes of the last foregoing paragraph—

(a) the appropriate council shall be, in relation to the election of a county councillor, the county council and, in relation to the election of a town councillor or councillors, the town council; and

(b) the candidate or candidates authorised shall be in the case of an election where only one councillor is to be elected a candidate nominated at that election, and in the case of any other election a number of candidates nominated at the election not being less than the number of councillors to be elected.

(4) A resolution under paragraph (2) of this rule shall not be passed unless the council are satisfied that the extension of the hours during which the poll is to be open is necessary in order to afford aU the electors such reasonable facilities for voting as are practicable in the circumstances, and a notice signed by a candidate under the said paragraph shall be of no effect if the candidate is not validly nominated or withdraws or is deemed to have withdrawn from his candidature or if the candidate or candidates signing the notice withdraws or withdraw the request by a notice signed by him or them and delivered at the place and within the time for delivery of notices of withdrawals of nominations.

(5) Where the poll at an election of a district councillor or district councillors for any electoral division or any ward thereof is required to commence earlier or to be kept open later than the hours specified in paragraph (1) of this rule, the requirement shall apply to the poll at the election of a county councillor for that electoral division or to the poll in that ward, as the case may be.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules PART n

STAGES COMMON TO CONTESTED AND UNCONTESTED

ELECTIONS

Notice of Election

4.—(1) Notice of the election shall—

(a) in the case of an election of county councillors, be prepared and signed by the county clerk and published by him by causing the notice or a copy thereof to be conspicuously displayed at or near the entrance to the county buildings or the premises where the meetings of the county council are ordinarily held, and also either by causing copies of the •notice to be posted up throughout the landward area of the county or by inserting a copy of the notice at least once in one or more newspapers circulating in the county; and

C b)in the case of an election of town councillors, be prepared and signed by the town clerk and published by him by causing the notice or a copy thereof to be conspicuously displayed at or near the entrance to the town hall or the premises where the meetings of the town council are ordinarily held, and also either by causing copies of the notice to be posted up throughout the burgh or by inserting a copy of the notice at least once in one or more newspapers circulating in the burgh.

(2) The notice of election shall be in the appropriate form contained in the Appendix to these rules or in a form substantially to the like effect.

Nomination of Candidates

5.—(1) It shall not be competent to elect to the office of county councillor or of town councillor any person unless a nomination paper in respect of him is delivered in the case of an election of a county councillor to the returning officer at the place specified in the notice of election, or in the case of an election of town councillors to the town clerk at his office, not later than the time appointed for that purpose by the Timetable in these rules.

(2) The nomination paper shall be in the appropriate form contained in the Appendix to these rules, or in a form substantially to the like effect.

(3) The nomination paper in the case of an election of a county councillor shall state—

(a) if the name of the candidate appears in the register of local government electors for any electoral division within the county or for any burgh within the county, the name and address and number on the register of the candidate as appearing in such of the said registers as is specified in the nomination paper, placing the surname first;

1287

3rd Sch. —cont.

1288

Ch. 68

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

3rd Sch. —coni.

Scottish Local Elections Rules

(b) if the name of the candidate does not appear in any of the said registers, the full name of the candidate (with his surname first) and his place of residence within the county (including any such burgh as aforesaid) and such information with respect to his place of residence during the twelve months before the date of the nomination as will show whether he has during the whole of the said twelve months resided within the county (including any such burgh as aforesaid);

(c) whether, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief

of the proposers, the candidate is of full age and a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland and not subject to any legal incapacity, and, in particular, whether any of the disqualifications set forth in section fifty-two of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, applies in his

and shall be subscribed by two proposers being local government electors for the electoral division to which the nomination applies.

(4) The nomination paper in the case of an election of town councillors for a burgh or in the case of a burgh divided into wards for a ward shall state—

(a) if the name of the candidate appears in the register of local government electors for the burgh, the name and address and number on the register of the candidate as appearing in the said register, placing his surname first;

(b) if the name of the candidate does not appear in the said register, the full name of the candidate (with his surname first) and his place of residence within the burgh and such information with respect to his place of residence during the twelve months before the date of his nomination as will show whether he has during the whole of the said twelve months resided within the burgh;

(c) whether, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief

of the proposers, the candidate is of full age and a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland and not subject to any legal incapacity, and, in particular, whether any of the disqualifications set forth in section fifty-two of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, applies in his

and shall be subscribed by two proposers, being two local government electors for the burgh or, in the case of a burgh divided into wards, for the ward to which the nomination applies, and shall also be subscribed by five other local government electors for the burgh or ward, as the case may be, as assenting to the nomination.

(5) Where a nomination paper bears the signature of more than the required number of persons as proposing or assenting to the nomination of a candidate, the signature or signatures (up to the required number) appearing first on the paper in each category shall be taken into account to the exclusion of any others in that category.

case;

case;

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

(6) The nomination paper shall contain a statement subscribed by the candidate or by a solicitor duly authorised by him, consenting to be nominated as a candidate and undertaking that, if elected, he will accept office as a councillor and will faithfully perform the duties of the office, and a statement whether he is of full age and a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland and not subject to any legal incapacity, and, in particular, whether any of the disqualifications set forth in section fifty-two of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, applies in his case.

(7) It shall not be competent to nominate as a candidate at an election of town councillors a person who at the time of nomination holds the office of town councillor of the burgh, unless he falls to retire at the date of the election or has delivered to the town clerk a notice of resignation to take effect at or before the date of the election.

Restrictions on subscribing nomination papers

6. —(1) No person shall at an election of a county councillor subscribe more than one nomination paper in respect of the same electoral division, and if he does so his signature shall be operative only in the case of the paper which is first delivered.

(2) No person shall at an election of town councillors subscribe more than one nomination paper in respect of the same candidate, nor shall he subscribe more nomination papers than there are vacancies to be filled in the burgh or, if the burgh is divided into wards, in the ward, and if he subscribes nomination papers otherwise than is permitted under this paragraph, his signature shall be inoperative in all but those papers, up to the permitted number, which are first delivered.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this rule, a person shall not be prevented from subscribing a nomination paper by reason only of his having subscribed that of a candidate who has died or withdrawn before delivery of the first mentioned paper.

(4) The returning officer shall not sign any nomination paper as proposer, assenter, candidate or solicitor for a candidate and if he does so, his signature shall be inoperative.

Validity of nomination papers

7. The returning officer in the case of an election of a county councillor, and the town clerk in the case of an election of a town councillor, shall receive a nomination paper and deal with it as valid, if—

(a) the name and address of the person nominated by the nomination paper appear in the register of local government electors for any part of the county or burgh, as the case may be, or, if the name and address of the person nominated do not so appear, the place of his residence is within the county or burgh, as the case may be, and it is declared in or appears from the nomination paper that he has during

2 U

1289

3rd Sch. —cont.

1290 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

3rd Sch. Scottish Local Elections Rules

—cont.

the whole of the twelve months preceding the date of nomination resided within the county or burgh, as the case may be; and

(b) it appears from the declarations in the nomination paper that the person nominated is of full age and a British subject or citizen of the Republic of Ireland and not subject to any legal incapacity and that none of the disqualifications set forth in section fifty-two of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, applies in his case; and

(c) the names and addresses of the proposers and (in the case

of an election of a town councillor) the assenters in the nomination paper appear in the register of local government electors for the electoral division or burgh, or in the case of a burgh divided into wards for the ward, to which the nomination paper relates; and

(d) the nomination paper is in or substantially in the form and contains the particulars required by these rules; and (i e) the nomination is not invalid by reason of any of the provisions of paragraph 7 of rule 5, or rule 6, of these rules, but if the nomination paper does not comply with the foregoing provisions of this rule, the returning officer or town clerk, as the case may be, shall reject it and it shall be null and void. For the purpose of this rule, a county shall include every burgh within the county.

Withdrawal of Nominations

8.—(1) A nomination may be withdrawn by notice of withdrawal delivered to the returning officer or the town clerk, as the case may be, at the place appointed for the delivery of nomination papers: Provided that a nomination may not be withdrawn if its effect would be to reduce the total number of persons nominated for the election below the number necessary to supply the vacancies to be filled up in the electoral division, burgh or ward, as the case may be, at that election, and notices of withdrawal shall take effect in the order in which they are delivered.

(2) A notice of withdrawal shall be in the appropriate form contained in the Appendix to these rules or in a form substantially to the like effect and shall be signed by the candidate or by a solicitor duly authorised by him and shall be attested by two witnesses.

(3) In the case of a candidate who is outside the United Kingdom,

• a notice of withdrawal signed by the proposer whose name appears

first on the candidate’s nomination paper (in this paragraph referred to as a " principal proposer ") and accompanied by a written declaration also so signed of the candidate’s absence from the United Kingdom shall be of the same effect for the purpose of this rule as a notice of withdrawal signed by the candidate:

Provided that where the candidate stands nominated by more than one nomination paper a notice of withdrawal under this paragraph shall be effective if, but only if,—

(a) it and the accompanying declaration are signed by all the principal proposers except any who is, and is stated in the said declaration to be, outside the United Kingdom; or

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1291

Scottish Local Elections Rules

3rd Sch. —cont.

(b) it is accompanied, in addition to the said declaration, by a written statement signed by the candidate that the proposer giving the notice is authorised to do so on the candidate’s behalf during his absence from the United Kingdom.

(4) If a candidate dies after his nomination and before the latest time for delivery of nomination papers his nomination shall be deemed to have been withdrawn, and the election shall proceed as if he had not been nominated.

Nomination in more than one Electoral Division of a County or

Ward of a Burgh.

9. A candidate who is validly nominated for more than one electoral division of a county or for more than one ward of a burgh shall, by notice signed, attested and delivered as aforesaid, withdraw from his candidature in all those electoral divisions or wards, as the case may be, except one, and if he does not so withdraw within the time for delivery of notices of withdrawal, the returning officer shall at the end of that time declare for which of those electoral divisions or wards, as the case may be, for which the candidate remains validly nominated the candidate shall stand for election, and the candidate shall be deemed to have duly withdrawn his candidature in those other electoral divisions or wards.

Method of Election and Notice of Uncontested Election

10.—(1) In the case of an election of a county councillor—

(a) if two or more persons remain validly nominated for an electoral division after any withdrawals under these rules, the county councillor for that division shall be elected from among them at a poll under Part III of these rules;

(h) if one person only remains validly nominated as aforesaid, the returning officer shall cause public notice to be given that there will be no poll in that division and that on the day appointed for declaring the result of the election that person shall be declared to be elected a county councillor.

(2) In the case of the election of town councillors—

(a) if the number of persons remaining validly nominated after any withdrawals under these rules exceeds the number of vacancies in the burgh or in the ward, the town councillors for the burgh or for the ward, as the' case may be, shall be elected from among them at a poll under Part III of these rules;

(Jb) if the number of persons remaining validly nominated as aforesaid does not exceed the number of vacancies in the burgh or in any ward, the town clerk shall cause public notice to be given that there will be no poll in the burgh or ward, as the case may be, and that on the day appointed for declaring the result of the election those persons shall be declared to be elected town councillors.

2 U 2

1292

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

(3) The public notice to be given under this rule shall be in the appropriate form contained in the Appendix to these rules or in a form substantially to the like effect, and shall, except where in the circumstances it is not appropriate, be combined with the public notice of poll to be given under rule 17 of these rules and shall be published in like manner as the said notice of poll.

(4) If a person whose name has been included in a notice given under paragraph (1) (b) or paragraph (2) (b) of this rule dies before the declaration of the result of the election, the provisions of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall apply in the case of an election of a county councillor as if no person had remained validly nominated, and in the case of an election of town councillors as if the number of persons validly nominated were less than the number of vacancies.

PART in CONTESTED ELECTIONS General Provisions Poll to be taken by ballot

11. The votes at the poll shall be given by ballot, the result shall be ascertained by counting the votes given to each candidate, and the candidate or candidates to whom the majority of votes have been given shall be declared to have been elected.

The ballot papers

12. —(1) The ballot of every voter shall consist of a ballot paper, and the persons remaining validly nominated for the electoral area after any withdrawals under these rules, and no others, shall be entitled to have their names inserted in the ballot paper.

(2) Every ballot paper shall be in the form contained in the Appendix to these rules or in a form substantially to the like effect, and shall be printed in accordance with the directions therein, and—

(a) shall contain the full names of the candidates and their

addresses or places of residence as shown on their respective nomination papers and arranged alphabetically in the order of their surnames and (if there are two or more candidates with the same surname) of their other names;

(b) shall be capable of being folded up;

(c) shall have a number printed on the back; and

(d) shall have attached a counterfoil with the same number printed on the face.

(3) For the purposes of the last foregoing paragraph, the first valid nomination paper delivered at the place appointed for the delivery of nomination papers in respect of a candidate shall be deemed to be the nomination paper of that candidate.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

The official mark

13. —(1) Every ballot paper shall be marked with an official mark, which shall be either embossed or perforated.

(2) The official mark shall be kept secret and an interval of not less than four years shall intervene between the use of the same official mark at elections for the same county or burgh, as the case may be.

Prohibition of disclosure of vote

14. No person who has voted at the election shall, in any legal proceeding to question the election, be required to state for whom he voted.

Use of Schools and Public Rooms

15. —(1) The returning officer may use free of charge for the purpose of taking the poll or of counting the votes—

(a) a room in a school other than an independent school within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946; and

(b) a room the expense of maintaining which is payable by any county, town or district council:

Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall authorise the use of a room used as part of a private dwelling-house.

(2) The returning officer shall make good any damage done to, and defray any expense incurred by the authority or person having control over, any such room as aforesaid by reason of its being used for the purpose of taking the poll or of counting the votes.

(3) The use of a room in an unoccupied house for the purpose of taking the poll or of counting the votes shall not render a person liable to be rated for occupiers' rates or to pay any such rates for that house.

(4) An election shall not be held in any premises exclusively appropriated to public religious worship.

General Duty of Returning Officer

16. It shall be the general duty of the returning officer to do any act or thing that may be necessary for effectually conducting the election under these rules.

Action to be Taken before the Poll Notice of Poll

17. —-(1) In the case of an election of a county councillor the returning officer, and in the case of an election of town councillors the town clerk, shall give public notice of the poll, which notice shall be in the appropriate form contained in the Appendix to these rules, or in a form substantially to the like effect. The said notice shall, except where in the circumstances it is not appropriate, be combined with the notice in the case of an uncontested election under rule 10 of these rules.

1293

3rd Sch. —cont.

1294

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —corn.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

(2) The notice of poll shall give the names of all persons (whether proposers or assenters) signing a candidate's nomination paper, and, in the case of a candidate nominated by more than one nomination paper, the candidate may require the returning officer or town clerk to include in the notice of the poll the names of the persons signing a second and third nomination paper.

(3) A notice of poll required to be published under this rule shall be published at the places at which and in the manner in which the notice of the election is required to be published under rule 4 of these rules.

Death of Candidate after Time for Delivery of Nomination Papers

18. If at or after the latest time for delivery of nomination papers and before the commencement of the poll a candidate who remains validly nominated dies, the returning officer shall, upon being satisfied of the fact of death, countermand the poll.

Postal Ballot Papers

19. The returning officer shall as soon as practicable send to those entitled to vote by post, at the addresses furnished by them for the purpose, a ballot paper and a declaration of identity in the prescribed form together with an envelope for their return.

Provision of Polling Stations

20.—(1) The returning officer shall provide a sufficient number of polling stations for the electors and allot the electors to the polling stations in such manner as he thinks most convenient, so however that it shall not be necessary that a polling station for an electoral division or a ward of a burgh or a polling district be within the division, ward or district, as the case may be.

(2) One or more polling stations may be provided in the same building or in the same room.

(3) The polling station allotted to electors from any parliamentary polling district wholly or partly within the electoral area shall, in the absence of special circumstances, be in the parliamentary polling place for that district, unless the polling place is outside the electoral area.

(4) The returning officer shall provide each polling station with such number of compartments as may be necessary in which the voters can mark their votes screened from observation.

Appointment of Presiding Officers and Clerks

21.—(1) The returning officer shall appoint a presiding officer to preside at each polling station and such clerks as may be necessary for the purposes of the election, but he shall not appoint any person who has been employed by or on behalf of a candidate in or about the election.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

(2) The returning officer may, if he thinks fit, preside at a polling station, and the provisions of these rules relating to a presiding officer shall apply to a returning officer so presiding, with the necessary modifications as to things to be done by the returning officer to the presiding officer or by the presiding officer to the returning officer.

(3) A presiding officer may by the clerks appointed to assist him do any act which he is required or authorised by these rules to do at a polling station except order the arrest, exclusion or removal of any person from the polling station.

Special Lists

22. The registration officer shall as soon as practicable prepare the following special lists for the purposes of the election, namely.—

(a) a list (in these rules referred to as " the absent voters list ") giving the name and number on the register of every person entitled to vote at the election as an absent voter;

(b) a list (in these rules referred to as "the list of proxies") giving—

(i) the names and numbers on the register of the electors for whom proxies have been appointed; and

(ii) the names and addresses of the persons appointed;

(c) a list of any persons entitled to vote by post as proxy at the election.

Equipment of Polling Stations

23. —(1) The returning officer shall provide each presiding officer with such number of ballot boxes and ballot papers as in the opinion of the returning officer may be necessary.

(2) Every ballot box shall be so constructed that the ballot papers can be put therein but cannot be withdrawn therefrom without the box being unlocked.

(3) The returning officer shall provide each polling station with—

(a) materials to enable voters to mark the ballot papers;

(b) instruments for stamping thereon the official mark;

(c) copies of the register of electors for the electoral division,

burgh or ward, as the case may be, or such part thereof as contains the names of the electors allotted to the station;

(d) the parts of any special lists prepared for the election corresponding to the register of electors or part thereof provided under the last foregoing sub-paragraph; and

(e) copies of forms of declarations and other documents required for the purposes of the poll.

(4) A notice in the form contained in the Appendix to these rules or in a form substantially to the like effect, giving directions for the guidance of the voters in voting, shall be printed in conspicuous characters and exhibited outside every polling station and in every compartment of every polling station.

1295

3rd Sch. —amt.

1296

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —corn.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

Appointment of Polling and Counting Agents

24. —(1) Each candidate may appoint one polling agent to attend at each polling station for the purpose of detecting personation and counting agents to attend at the counting of the votes :

Provided that the returning officer may limit the number of counting agents, so however that the number shall be the same in the case of each candidate and the number allowed to a candidate shall not (except in special circumstances) be less than the number obtained by dividing the number of clerks employed on the counting by the number of candidates.

(2) Notice in writing of every appointment, stating the names and addresses of the persons appointed, shall be given by the candidate to the returning officer.

(3) If an agent dies or becomes incapable of acting, the candidate may appoint another agent in his place and shall forthwith give to the returning officer notice in writing of the name and address of the agent so appointed.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this rule shall be without prejudice to the requirements of subsection (1) of section sixty of this Act as to the appointment of paid polling agents, and counting agents may be appointed and the notice of appointment given to the returning officer by the candidate’s election agent instead of by the candidate.

(5) In the following provisions of these rules references to polling and counting agents shall be taken as references to agents whose appointments have been duly made and notified and, where the number of agents is restricted, who are within the permitted number.

(6) Any notice required to be given to a counting agent by the returning officer may be delivered at or sent by post to the address stated in the notice of appointment, but where a candidate has no counting agent any such notice shall be given to the candidate.

(7) A candidate may himself do any act or thing which any polling or counting agent of his, if appointed, would have been authorised or required to do or may assist his agent in doing any such act or thing.

(8) Where by these rules any act or thing is required or authorised to be done in the presence of the agents of the candidates, the non-attendance of any agents or agent at the time and place appointed for the purpose shall not, if the act or thing is otherwise duly done, invalidate the act or thing done.

Declaration of Secrecy

25. —(1) Before the opening of the poll a declaration of secrecy in the appropriate form in the Appendix to these rules, or in a form substantially to the like effect, shall be made by—

(a) the returning officer;

(b) every presiding officer or clerk authorised to attend at

a polling station or the counting of the votes;

(c) every candidate attending at a polling station or at the

counting of the votes and every election agent so attending;

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

(d) every candidate’s wife or husband attending at the counting of the votes;

(e) every polling agent and counting agent;

if) every person permitted by the returning officer to attend at the counting of the votes, though not entitled to do so.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing paragraph, the following persons attending at the counting of the votes, that is to say.—

(a) any candidate;

(b) any election agent, or any candidate’s wife or husband attending by virtue of the rule authorising election agents and candidates’ wives or husbands to attend as such;

(c) any person permitted by the returning officer to attend.

though not entitled to do so; need not make the declaration before the opening of the poll but shall make it before he or she is permitted to attend the counting, and a person becoming obliged to make a declaration by reason of his appointment after the opening of the poll shall make the declaration before acting under the appointment.

(3) The returning officer shall make the declaration in the presence of a justice of the peace, and any other person shall make the declaration in the presence either of a justice of the peace or of the returning officer, and subsections (1), (2), (3) and (6) of section fifty-three of this Act shall be read to the declarant by the person taking the declaration.

The Poll Admission to Polling Station

26. —(1) The presiding officer shall regulate the number of voters to be admitted to the polling station at the same time, and shall exclude all other persons except—

(a) the candidates and their election agents;

(b) the polling agents appointed to attend at the polling station;

(c) the clerks appointed to attend at the polling station;

(d) the constables on duty; and

(e) the companions of blind voters.

(2) A constable or person employed by a returning officer shall not be admitted to vote in person elsewhere than at his own polling station under the provisions of this Act in that behalf, except on production and surrender of a certificate as to his employment, which shall be in the prescribed form and signed by the prescribed officer of police or by the returning officer, as the case may be.

(3) Any certificate surrendered under this rule shall forthwith be cancelled.

Keeping of Order in Station

27. —(1) It shall be the duty of the presiding officer to keep order at his polling station.

(2) If any person misconducts himself in a polling station or fails to obey the lawful orders of the presiding officer, he may immediately by order of the presiding officer be removed from the polling station by a constable or by any other person authorised in writing

2U*

1297

3rd Sch. —cont.

1298

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

by the returning officer to remove him; and the person so removed shall not without the permission of the presiding officer again enter the polling station during the day.

(3) Any person so removed may, if charged with the commission in the polling station of an offence, be taken into custody by a constable without a warrant.

(4) The powers conferred by this rule shall not be exercised so as to prevent a voter who is otherwise entitled to vote at a polling station from having an opportunity of voting at that station.

Sealing of Ballot Boxes

28. Immediately before the commencement of the poll, the presiding officer shall show the ballot box empty to such persons, if any, as may be present in the polling station so that they may see that it is empty, and shall then lock it and place his seal upon it in such manner as to prevent it being opened without breaking the seal, and shall place it in his view for the receipt of ballot papers, and keep it so locked and sealed.

Questions to be put to Voters

29. —(1) The presiding officer may, and if required by a candidate or his election or polling agent shall, put to any person applying for a ballot paper at the time of his application, but not afterwards, the following questions, or either of them, that is to say: —

(a) In the case of a person applying as an elector at an election of a county councillor—

(i) Are you the person registered in the register of local

government electors now in force for this electoral division as follows (i read the whole entry from the )?

(ii) Have you already voted at the present election of a county councillor for this electoral division or for any other electoral division of the county otherwise than as proxy for some other person?

(b) In the case of a person applying as an elector at an election of town councillors—

(i) Are you the person registered in the register of local

government electors now in force for this burgh [ward] as follows (i read the whole entry from the )?

(ii) Have you already voted at the present election ( adding in the case of an election for several wards in this or any other ward) otherwise than as proxy for some other person?

(c) In the case of a person applying as proxy at any election—

(i) are you the person whose name appears as A.B. in the list of proxies for this election as entitled to vote as proxy on behalf of C.D.?

(ii) have you already voted here or elsewhere at the present election as proxy on behalf of C.D.?

(2) A ballot paper shall not be delivered to any person required to answer the above questions or any of them unless he has answered the questions or question satisfactorily.

(3) Save as by this rule authorised, no inquiry shall be permitted as to the right of any person to vote.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules Challenge of Voter

30. —(1) If at the time a person applies for a ballot paper for the purpose of voting in person, or after he has applied for a ballot paper for that purpose and before he has left the polling station, a candidate or his election or polling agent declares to the presiding officer that he has reasonable cause to believe that the applicant has committed an offence of personation, it shall be lawful for the presiding officer to order a constable to arrest the applicant, and the order of the presiding officer shall be sufficient authority for the constable to take the applicant into custody without a warrant.

(2) A person against whom a declaration is made under this rule shall not by reason thereof be prevented from voting.

Voting Procedure

31. —(1) A ballot paper shall be delivered to a voter who applies therefor, and immediately before delivery—

(a) the ballot paper shall be marked with the official mark, either embossed or perforated;

(ft) the number, name and address of the elector as stated in the copy of the register of electors shall be called out;

(c) the number of the elector shall be marked on the counter-

foil;

(d) a mark shall be placed in the register against the number of the elector to denote that a ballot paper has been received, but without showing the particular ballot paper which has been received; and

(e) in the case of a voter applying for a ballot paper as proxy,

a mark shall also be placed against his name in the list of proxies.

(2) The voter on receiving the ballot paper shall forthwith proceed into one of the compartments in the polling station and there secretly mark his paper and fold it up so as to conceal his vote, and shall then show to the presiding officer the back of the paper, so as to disclose the official mark, and put the ballot paper so folded up into the ballot box in the presence of the presiding officer.

(3) The voter sh^ll vote without undue delay, and shall leave the polling station as soon as he has put his ballot paper into the ballot box.

Votes Marked by Presiding Officer

32.—(1) The presiding officer, on the application of—

(a) a voter who is incapacitated by blindness or other physical cause from voting in manner directed by these rules; or (ft) if the poll is taken on a Saturday, a voter who declares that he is a Jew, and objects on religious grounds to vote in manner directed by these rules; or (c) a voter who declares orally that he is unable to read;

shall, in the presence of the polling agents, cause the vote of the voter to be marked on a ballot paper in manner directed by the voter, and the ballot paper to be placed in the ballot box.

2 U *2

1299

3rd Sch. —cent.

1300 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

3rd Sch. Scottish Local Elections Rules

—cont.

(2) The name and number on the register of electors of every voter whose vote is marked in pursuance of this rule, and the reason why it is so marked, shall be entered on a list (in these rules called " the list of votes marked by the presiding officer ").

In the case of a person voting as proxy for an elector the number to be entered together with the name of the voter shall be the number of the elector.

Voting by blind persons

33.—(1) If a voter makes an application to the presiding officer to be allowed on the ground of blindness to vote with the assistance of another person by whom he is accompanied (in these rules referred to as "the companion"), the presiding officer shall require the voter to declare orally whether he is so incapacitated by his blindness as to be unable to vote without assistance.

(2) If the presiding officer is satisfied that the voter is so incapacitated and is also satisfied by a written declaration made by the companion (in these rules referred to as " the declaration made by the companion of a blind voter ") that the companion is a qualified person within the meaning of this rule and has not previously assisted more than one blind person to vote at the election, the presiding officer shall grant the application, and thereupon anything which is by these rules required to be done to or by the said voter in connection with the giving of his vote may be done to, or with the assistance of, the companion.

(3) For the purposes of this rule, a person shall be qualified to assist a blind voter to vote, if that person is either—

(a) a person who is entitled to vote as an elector at the election; or

(b) the father, mother, brother, sister, husband, wife, son or daughter of the blind voter and has attained the age of twenty-one years.

(4) The name and number on the register of electors of every voter whose vote is given in accordance with this rule and the name and address of the companion shall be entered on a list (in these rules referred to as " the list of blind voters assisted by companions ").

In the case of a person voting as proxy for an elector the number to be entered together with the name of the voter shall be the number of the elector.

(5) The declaration made by the companion—

(a) shall be in the appropriate form in the Appendix to these rules or in a form substantially to the like effect;

(b) shall be made before the presiding officer at the time when

the voter applies to vote with the assistance of a companion and shall forthwith be given to the presiding officer who shall attest and retain it.

(6) No fee or other payment shall be charged in respect of the declaration.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

Tendered Ballot Papers

34. —(1) If a person, representing himself to be—

(a) a particular elector named on the register and not named

in the absent voters list; or

(b) a particular person named in the list of proxies as proxy for an elector and not named in the list of persons entitled to vote by post as proxy,

applies for a ballot paper after another person has voted in person either as the elector or his proxy, the applicant shall, on satisfactorily answering the questions permitted by law to be asked at the poll, be entitled, subject to the following provisions of this rule, to mark a ballot paper (in these rules referred to as " a tendered ballot paper ") in the same manner as any other voter.

(2) A tendered ballot paper shall—

(a) be of a colour differing from the other ballot papers;

(ft) instead of being put into the ballot box, be given to the presiding officer and endorsed by him with the name of the voter and his number on the register of electors, and set aside in a separate packet

(3) The name of the voter and his number on the register of electors shall be entered on a list (in these rules referred to as the "tendered votes list").

(4) In the case of a person voting as proxy for an elector, the number to be endorsed or entered together with the name of the voter shall be that of the elector.

Spoilt Ballot Papers

35. A voter who has inadvertently dealt with his ballot paper in such manner that it cannot be conveniently used as a ballot paper may, on delivering it to the presiding officer and proving to his satisfaction the fact of the inadvertence, obtain another ballot paper in the place of the ballot paper so delivered up (in these rules called "a spoilt ballot paper"), and the spoilt ballot paper shall be immediately cancelled.

Adjournment of poll in case of riot

36. Where the proceedings at any polling station are interrupted or obstructed by any riot or open violence, the presiding officer may adjourn the poll at that polling station until the following day or some other convenient time, and if necessary may repeat such adjournment until such interruption or obstruction has ceased, and where the poll has been so adjourned, the presiding officer shall forthwith give notice of such adjournment to the returning officer who shall not finally declare the result of the election until the poll so interrupted or obstructed is closed and the various packets are delivered to the returning officer as provided in the next following rale.

1301

3rd Sch. —cont.

1302 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

Procedure on Close of Poll

37. -—(l) As soon as practicable after the close of the poll, the presiding officer shall, in the presence of the polling agents, make up into separate packets sealed with his own seal and the seals of such polling agents as desire to affix their seals,—

(a) each ballot box in use at his polling station, sealed so as to prevent the introduction of additional ballot papers and unopened, but with the key attached;

(b) the unused and spoilt papers placed together;

(c) the tendered ballot papers;

(d) the marked copies of the register of electors and of the list of proxies;

(e) the counterfoils of the used ballot papers and the certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll;

(f) the tendered votes list, the list of blind voters assisted by companions, the list of votes marked by the presiding officer, a statement of the number of voters whose votes are so marked by the presiding officer under the heads " physical incapacity," " Jews," and " unable to read," and the declarations made by the companions of blind voters;

and shall deliver the packets to the returning officer to be taken charge of by him.

(2) The marked copies of the register of electors and of the list of proxies shall be in one packet but shall not be in the same packet as the counterfoils of the used ballot papers and the certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll.

(3) The packets shall be accompanied by a statement (in these rules referred to as "the ballot paper account") made by the presiding officer showing the number of ballot papers entrusted to him and accounting for them under the heads of ballot papers in the ballot box, unused, spoilt, and tendered ballot papers.

Counting of Votes Attendance at Counting of Votes

38. —(1) The returning officer shall make arrangements for counting the votes in the presence of the counting agents as soon as practicable after the close of the poll, and shall give to the counting agents notice in writing of the time and place at which he will begin to count the votes.

(2) No person other than—

(a) the returning officer and his clerks;

(b) the candidates and their wives or husbands;

(c) the election agents;

(d) the counting agents;

may be present at the counting of the votes, unless permitted by the returning officer to attend.

3rd Sch. —cont.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1303

Scottish Local Elections Rules

3rd Sch. —cont.

(3) The returning officer shall give the counting agents all such reasonable facilities for overseeing the proceedings, and all such information with respect thereto, as he can give them consistently with the orderly conduct of the proceedings and the discharge of his duties in connection therewith.

(4) In particular, where the votes are counted by sorting the ballot papers according to the candidate for whom the vote is given and then counting the number of ballot papers for each candidate, the counting agents shall be entitled to satisfy themselves that the ballot papers are correctly sorted.

39.—(1) Before the returning officer proceeds to count the votes, he shall—

(a) in the presence of the counting agents open each ballot box

and, taking out the ballot papers therein, count and record the number thereof, checking the number against the ballot paper account;

(b) count such of the postal ballot papers as have been duly returned and record the number counted; and

(c) then mix together the whole of the ballot papers mentioned

in the foregoing sub-paragraphs.

(2) A postal ballot paper shall not be deemed to be duly returned, unless it is returned in the proper envelope so as to reach the returning officer before the close of the poll and is accompanied by the declaration of identity duly signed and authenticated.

(3) The returning officer shall not count any tendered ballot paper.

(4) The returning officer, while counting and recording the number of ballot papers and counting the votes, shall keep the ballot papers with their faces upwards and take all proper precautions for preventing any person from seeing the numbers printed on the back of the papers.

(5) The retyming officer shall so far as practicable proceed continuously with counting the votes, allowing only time for refreshment; but he may, if he thinks fit and without the consent of any candidate or other person, decide not to proceed with the counting of the votes until nine o’clock on the succeeding morning. During the period until he proceeds with the counting the returning officer shall take proper precautions for the safe custody and security of the ballot papers and other documents.

40.—(1) A candidate or his election agent may, if present when the counting or any re-count of the votes is completed, require the returning officer to have the votes re-counted or again re-counted, but the returning officer may refuse to do so if in his opinion the request is unreasonable.

The Count

Re-count

1304 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

1949

3rd Sch. Scottish Local Elections Rules

—cont.

(2) No steps shall be taken on the completion of the counting or any re-count of the votes until the candidates and election agents present at the completion thereof have been given a reasonable opportunity to exercise the right conferred by this rule.

Rejected Ballot Papers

41. —(1) Any ballot paper—

(a) which does not bear the official mark; or

(b) on which votes are given for more candidates than the voter is entitled to vote for; or

(c) on which anything is written or marked by which the voter

can be identified except the printed number on the back; or

(d) which is unmarked or void for uncertainty;

shall subject to the provisions of the next following paragraph be void and not be counted.

(2) A ballot paper on which a vote is marked—

(a) elsewhere than in the proper place; or

(i b) otherwise than by means of a cross; or

(c) by more than one mark;

shall not by reason thereof be deemed to be void (either wholly or as respects that vote), if an intention that the vote shall be for one or other of the candidates clearly appears, and the way the paper is marked does not of itself identify the voter and it is not shown that he can be identified thereby.

(3) The returning officer shall endorse the word "rejected " on any ballot paper which under this rule is not to be counted, and shall add to the endorsement the words "rejection objected to " if an objection is made by any counting agent to his decision.

(4) The returning officer shall draw up a statement showing the number of ballot papers rejected and not counted by him under the several heads of—

(a) want of official mark;

(b) voting for more candidates than voter is entitled to;

(c) writing or mark by which voter could be identified;

(d) unmarked or void for uncertainty;

and any counting agent may copy the statement.

Decisions on Ballot Papers

42. The decision of the returning officer on any question arising in respect of any ballot paper shall be final but shall be subject to review on an election petition.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1305

Equality of Votes

43. Where, after the counting of the votes (including any re-count) is completed, an equality of votes is found to exist between any candidates and the addition of a vote would entitle any of those candidates to be declared elected, the returning officer shall forthwith decide between those candidates by lot, and proceed as if the candidate on whom the lot falls had received an additional vote.

3rd Sch. —cont.

PART IV

FINAL PROCEEDINGS IN CONTESTED AND UNCONTESTED ELECTIONS

Declaration of Result

44. Subject to the provisions of rule 36 of these rules, the returning officer shall—

(a) in the case of an election of a county councillor, within the county buddings or other public hall or place in the county forthwith declare to be elected the candidate to whom the majority of votes have been given at the poll or the candidate elected without a poll in terms of rule 10 of these rules, and cause a written or printed statement thereof signed by him to be immediately thereafter conspicuously displayed at or near the entrance to the county buildings or the premises where the meetings of the county council are ordinarily held; and

(b) in the case of an election of town councillors, within the town hall or other public hall or place in the burgh not later than eight o'clock afternoon of the day after the election declare to be elected the candidates to whom the majority of votes have been given at the poll and also the candidates elected without a poll in terms of rule 10 of these rules, and cause a written or printed statement thereof signed by him to be immediately thereafter conspicuously displayed at or near the entrance to the town hall or the premises where the meetings of the town council are ordinarily held.

The Return

45. The returning officer shall forthwith upon declaration of the result of the election return the names of the persons elected in the case of an election of a county councillor to the county clerk, and in the case of an election of town councillors to the town clerk, and in either case the returning officer shall forthwith give or cause to be given notice in writing of their election to the persons elected.

1306 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

3rd Sch. Scottish Local Elections Rules

— con t.

PART V DISPOSAL OF DOCUMENTS Verification of ballot paper account

46. —(1) Upon the completion of the counting at a contested election the returning officer shall seal up in separate packets the counted and rejected ballot papers.

(2) If required by a candidate or a counting agent, the returning officer shall in the presence of the counting agents verify each ballot paper account by comparing it with the number of ballot papers recorded by him, the unused and spoilt ballot papers in his possession, and the tendered votes list (opening and re-sealing the packets containing the unused and spoilt ballot papers and the tendered votes list). The returning officer shall draw up a statement as to the result of any verification required, which any counting agent may copy.

(3) The returning officer shall not open the sealed packets containing the tendered ballot papers, the marked copies of the register of electors and the list of proxies or the counterfoils and certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll.

Documents to be forwarded to or retained by County Clerk or Town Clerk

47. The returning officer shall forward to the county clerk in the case of an election of a county councillor, or to the town clerk in the case of an election of town councillors, or where the county clerk or the town clerk is the returning officer he shall retain, all the following documents, that is to say—

(a) the packets of ballot papers in his possession;

(b) the ballot paper accounts and the statements of rejected ballot papers and of the result of the verification of the ballot paper accounts;

(c) the tendered votes lists, the lists of blind voters assisted by

companions, the lists of votes marked by the presiding officer and the statements relating thereto, and the declarations made by the companions of blind voters;

(d) the packets of counterfoils and certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll;

(e) the packets containing marked copies of registers and of lists of proxies,

endorsing on each packet a description of its contents, the date of the election to which it relates and the name of the electoral area for which the election was held.

Orders for Production of Documents

48. —(1) An order—

(a) for the inspection or production of any rejected ballot

papers; or

[b) for the opening of the sealed packets of counterfoils and

certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll or for the inspection of counted ballot papers.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1307

Scottish Local Elections Rules

3rd Sch. —cont.

may be made by the sheriff (excluding a sheriff substitute) having jurisdiction in the county or burgh, as the case may be, on being satisfied by evidence on oath that the order is required for the purpose of instituting or maintaining a prosecution for an offence in relation to ballot papers or for the purpose of an election petition.

(2) The order may be made subject to such conditions as to persons, time, place and mode of inspection, production or opening as the sheriff may think expedient, and may direct the county clerk or the town clerk, as the case may be, having custody of the ballot papers and the sealed packet of counterfoils and certificates to retain them intact for such period as may be specified in the order.

Provided that in making and carrying into effect the order, care shall be taken that the way in which the vote of any particular elector has been given shall not be disclosed until it has been proved that his vote was given and the vote has been declared by a competent court to be invalid.

(3) An appeal shall lie to the Court of Session from any order of a sheriff made under this rule.

(4) Any power given to a sheriff by this rule may be exercised otherwise than in open court.

(5) Where an order is made for the production by the county clerk or town clerk of any document in his possession relating to any specified election, the production by that clerk or his agent of the document ordered in such manner as may be directed by the order shall be conclusive evidence that the document so produced relates to the specified election; and any endorsement appearing on any packet of ballot papers produced by that clerk or his agent shall be prima facie evidence of those papers being what they are stated to be by the endorsement.

(6) The production from proper custody of a ballot paper purporting to have been used at any election, and of a counterfoil marked with the same printed number and having a number marked thereon in writing, shall be prima facie evidence that the elector whose vote was given by that ballot paper was the person who at the time of that election had affixed to his name in the register of electors at that election the same number as the number written on that counterfoil.

(7) Except by order of a sheriff or of the Court of Session made under this rule, no person shall be allowed to inspect any rejected or counted ballot papers in the custody of the county clerk or the town clerk, as the case may be, or to open any sealed packets of counterfoils and certificates.

49.—(1) The county clerk or the town clerk, as the case may be. shall retain for six months among the records of the county or burgh all documents relating to an election forwarded to him by the returning officer or retained by him in pursuance of these rules and then, unless otherwise directed by an order.made under the last foregoing rule, shall cause them to be destroyed.

Retention and public inspection of documents

1308 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

3rd Sch. Scottish Local Elections Rules

—cont.

(2) All the documents retained under this rule other than ballot papers, counterfoils and certificates as to employment on duty on the day of the poll shall during a period of six months from the day of election be open to public inspection at such time and in such manner as may be determined by the county council or town council with the consent of the Secretary of State.

(3) The county clerk or town clerk shall supply copies of or extracts from the said documents to any person demanding the same on payment of such fees and subject to such conditions as may be determined by the county council or town council with the consent of the Secretary of State.

Directions of County Council or Town Council

50. Subject to the provisions of these rules, the county clerk or the town clerk shall, in respect of the custody and destruction of ballot papers and other documents coming into his possession in pursuance of these rules, be subject to the directions of the county council or the town council, as the case may be.

PART VI

APPLICATION OF RULES TO DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTIONS

Hours of Poll

51. —(1) The appropriate council for the purposes of paragraph (2) of rule 3 of these rules shall, in relation to the election of a district councillor or district councillors, be the county council.

(2) Where in pursuance of the said rule 3 the poll at an election of a county councillor for any electoral division is required to commence earlier, or to be kept open later, than the hours specified in paragraph (1) of that rule, the requirement shall apply to the poll at an election of a district councillor or district councillors for that division or any ward thereof.

Polling Stations and Officials

52. If in any electoral division there is a contested election of a county councillor, any contested election of district councillors shall take place in the same stations and with the same returning and presiding officers and clerks as the election of the county councillor.

Arrangements for giving out and receiving Papers

53. The returning officer shall make and publish such other arrangements as he shall think fit for the purpose of enabling nomination papers and copies of the register of electors to be obtained and for nomination papers and notices of withdrawal to be received and dealt with at some place within or adjoining the district, and for that purpose may by writing under his hand delegate such of his powers as he shall think necessary to the clerk of the district council or other fit person, and such person shall for that purpose be deemed to be a depute of the returning officer.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

Publication of Notices

54. It shall not be necessary to publish any of the notices under these rules elsewhere than in the district, but the returning officer may, if he thinks it expedient, publish them in any manner in which he publishes notices for the election of county councillors, and any of the said notices may relate both to the election of district councillors and to the election of county councillors.

The Return

55. The returning officer shall forthwith upon declaration of the result of the election make a return to the clerk of the district council of the persons elected as district councillors and of the persons elected as members of the county council for the electoral divisions within the district, and give or cause to be given notice in writing to the persons elected of (heir election.

APPENDIX

Forms for Use at the Election of County Councillors or of Town Councillors

Form A Form of Notice of Election

/.—Form of Notice of Election applicable to the election of county councillors for the landward area of a county

County of

County Council Election, 19 .

In terms of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, notice is hereby given—

1. That the election of a county councillor for each electoral

division in the landward area of the county will in the event of there being a poll take place on Tuesday, the day of

next, at the places aftermentioned.

(a) Electoral division of ( he specify name of electoral

division).

Polling place ( here specify polling place or places within

which polling stations are situated).

(b) Electoral division of (here specify name of electoral division).

Polling place (here specify polling place or places within

which polling stations are situated).

(and so on through the whole number of electoral divisions).

2. That the county council have appointed

to be the returning officer for the purposes of the election.

3. That no person can be elected to the office of county councillor

in respect of whom a nomination paper is not delivered to the returning officer before four o’clock in the afternoon of Tuesday the day of April current, that all withdrawals of

persons nominated must be intimated to the returning officer before four o’clock in the afternoon of Tuesday the day of April

current, and that all intimations must be delivered at (here specify address of place where nomination papers are to be delivered).

1309

3rd Sch. —cont.

1310 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

3rd Sch. Scottish Local Elections Rules

—cont.

4. That every person proposed for election as a county councillor must be nominated by a separate nomination paper in the appropriate Form in the Appendix to the local elections rules contained in the Third Schedule to the said Act. or in a form substantially to the like effect, and every such nomination paper must be subscribed by two proposers being local government electors for the electoral division to which the nomination applies, and shall contain a statement subscribed by the candidate or by a solicitor duly authorised by him consenting to be nominated as a candidate and that, if elected, he accepts office as a county councillor and will faithfully perform the duties of the office.

5. That no person shall sign more than one nomination paper in respect of the same electoral division, and if he does so his signature will, except in special circumstances, be operative only in the case of the paper which is first delivered.

6. That a candidate who is validly nominated for more than one

electoral division shall by notice signed, attested and delivered withdraw from his candidature in all those electoral divisions except one, and if he does not so withdraw before 4 p.m. on the day of

current the returning officer shall forthwith declare for which of those electoral divisions for which the candidate remains validly nominated the candidate shall stand for election, and the candidate shall be deemed to have withdrawn his candidature in those other electoral divisions.

7. That in the event of only one person remaining validly nominated in any electoral division of the county there will be no poll in that electoral division, and that on the day appointed for declaring the result of the election the person so nominated shall be declared to be elected a county councillor.

8. That forms of nomination and withdrawal may be had at

the place above mentioned on or after April current

9. That one copy of the register of local government electors for an electoral division may be had free of charge by a candidate for that division or his agent at the place mentioned on or after the said date. Additional copies of the register may be had subject to payment of a charge of

Sgd. A.B.,

County Clerk.

(Date.)

II.—Form of Notice of Election applicable to the election of town councillors in a burgh not divided into wards.

Burgh of

Municipal election, 19

In terms of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, notice is hereby given—

1. That the annual election of councillors to supply the vacant places in the town council of the burgh will in the event of there

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

being a poll take place on Tuesday, the day of

May next at the places following, viz.: —

Polling Places

(Here specify the polling place or places within which polling stations are situated) to elect town councillors in the place of

(Here mention names of councillors retiring, and cause of retirement, whether by rotation or otherwise).

2. That no person can be elected to the office of town councillor

in respect of whom a nomination paper is not delivered to me before four o’clock afternoon of Tuesday the day of April

current, that all withdrawals of persons nominated must be intimated to me before four o’clock afternoon of Tuesday the

day of April current, and that all intimations must be delivered at my office situated at (here specify address of office).

3. That every person proposed for election as a town councillor must be nominated by a separate nomination paper in the appropriate form in the Appendix to the local elections rules contained in the Third Schedule to the said Act or in a form substantially to the like effect, and every such nomination paper must be subscribed by two proposers being local government electors for the burgh and also five other local government electors for the burgh as assenting to the nomination, and shall contain a statement subscribed by the candidate or by a solicitor duly authorised by him consenting to be nominated as a candidate and that, if elected, he accepts office as a town councillor and will faithfully perform the duties of the office.

4. That no person shall sign more than one nomination paper in respect of the same candidate, nor shall he sign more nomination papers than there are vacancies to be filled, and if he signs nomination papers otherwise than is herein permitted his signature will, except in special circumstances, be inoperative in all but those papers up to the permitted number which are first delivered.

5. That in the event of the number of persons remaining validly nominated not exceeding the number of vacancies there will be no poll and that on the day appointed for declaring the result of the election the persons so nominated shall be declared to be elected town councillors.

6. That forms of nomination and withdrawal may be had at my

office above mentioned on or after April current

7. That one copy of the register of local government electors for the burgh may be had free of charge by a candidate or his agent at my office aforesaid on or after the said date. Additional copies of the register may be had subject to payment of a charge of

Sgd. A.B.,

Town Clerk.

(Date.)

1311

3rd Sch. —coni.

1312 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

3rd Sch. Scottish Local Elections Rules

—cont.

111.—Form of Notice of Election applicable to the election of town councillors in a burgh divided into wards.

Burgh of

Municipal election, 19

In terms of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, notice is hereby given—

1. That the annual election of town councillors to supply the

vacant places in the town council of the burgh will in the event of there being a poll take place on Tuesday the day

of May next at the places aftermentioned.

First ward

Polling place {here specify polling place or places within which polling stations are ).

To elect town councillors] in place of

{here mention name[s] of councillors] retiring, and cause of retirement, whether by rotation or otherwise).

Second ward

{As above, and so on through the whole number of wards.)

2. That no person can be elected to the office of town councillor

in respect of whom a nomination paper is not delivered to me before four o’clock afternoon of Tuesday the day of

April current, that all withdrawals of persons nominated must be intimated to me before four o’clock afternoon of Tuesday the

day of April current, and that all intimations must be delivered at my office situated at {here specify address of office).

3. That every person proposed for election as a town councillor must be nominated by a separate nomination paper in the appropriate form in the Appendix to the local elections rules contained in the Third Schedule to the said Act or in a form substantially to the like effect, and every such nomination paper must be subscribed by two proposers being local government electors for the ward to which the nomination applies and also by five other local government electors for the said ward as assenting to the nomination, and shall contain a statement subscribed by the candidate or by a solicitor duly authorised by him consenting to be nominated as a candidate and that, if elected, he accepts office as a town councillor and will faithfully perform the duties of the office.

4. That no person shall sign more than one nomination paper in respect of the same candidate nor shall he sign more nomination papers than there are vacancies to be filled in the ward, and if he signs nomination papers otherwise than is herein permitted his signature will, except in special circumstances, be inoperative in all but those papers up to the permitted number which are first delivered.

5. That a candidate who is validly nominated for more than one ward shall by notice signed, attested and delivered withdraw from his candidature in all those wards except one, and if he does not so

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

withdraw before 4 p.m. on the day of current

the returning officer shall forthwith declare for which of those wards for which the candidate remains validly nominated the candidate shall stand for election, and the candidate shall be deemed to have withdrawn his candidature in those other wards.

6. That in the event of the number of persons remaining validly nominated in any of the wards not exceeding the number of vacancies there will be no poll in such ward, and that on the day appointed for declaring the election the persons so nominated shall be declared to be elected town councillors.

7. That forms of nomination and withdrawal may be had at my

office abovementioned on or after April current.

8. That one copy of the register of local government electors for the ward may be had free of charge by a candidate or his agent at my office aforesaid on or after the said date. Additional copies of the register may be had subject to payment of a charge of

A.B.,

Town Clerk.

(Date.)

Form B.

Form of Nomination Paper.

/.—Form of Nomination Paper applicable to the election of county councillors for the landward area of a county.

Front of Nomination Paper.

County of

County Council Election, 19

We, A.B. (here insert name and address and number on the register as in the register of local government electors for the electoral division for which the candidate is being nominated) and C.D. (here insert name and address and number on the register as in the said ),

hereby propose and nominate—

F.JE. (ifthe candidate’s name appears in the register of local govern-

ment electors for any electoral division within the county or for a burgh within the county, here insert name and address and number on the register of the candidate as in the register in which his name appears, placing the surname first and specifying the area to which the register ),

(if the candidate’s name does not appear in any of the said registers, here insert his full name—with the surname first— and place of residence and if the circumstances warrant it add who has resided at (insert address or addresses) within the county of (specify county or any burgh within the county) during the whole of the twelve months preceding this date)

for election as a county councillor for the electoral division of (specify electoral division) at the next ensuing election of county councillors in the county of (specify county).

1313

3rd Sch. —cont.

1314

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

We hereby declare to the best of our knowledge, information and belief that—

(a) the said E.F. is of full age and a British subject [or a citizen

of the Republic of Ireland] and not subject to any legal incapacity; and

(b) the said E.F. is not disqualified for being nominated as a candidate for election as a county councillor by reason of any of the disqualifications set forth in section 52 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, a copy of which section is printed on the back hereof.

Given under our hand this {insert date).

A.B.

C.D.

1, the nominee for election, consent to being nominated as a candidate and, if elected, accept office as a county councillor for the said electoral division. I declare that, if elected, I shall faithfully perform the duties of the office.

I am of full age and a British subject [or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland] and not subject to any legal incapacity. (// the candidate is not qualified as a registered local government elector, and if the circumstances warrant it, add I have resided within the county of {including any burgh within the

county) during the whole of the twelve months preceding the date above mentioned.)

I declare that I am not disqualified for being nominated as a candidate for election as a county councillor by reason of any of the disqualifications set forth in section 52 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, a copy of which section is printed on the back hereof.

E.F.

To the Returning Officer,

County of

Note:—Where this form is subscribed by a solicitor on behalf of the candidate it should be subscribed as follows—" For and on behalf " of E.F., X.Y., Solicitor, {here insert address) duly authorised by the " said E.F. to sign this form."

Back of Nomination Paper.

{Here print copy of section 52 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947.)

Note.—If any person signs any nomination paper as candidate, proposer or solicitor on behalf of a candidate knowing any of the statements contained therein to be false, he shall be liable under the Representation of the People Act, 1949, on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act) 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

II.—Form of Nomination Paper applicable to the election of town councillors in a burgh not divided into wards.

Front of Nomination Paper.

Burgh of

Municipal Election, 19 .

We, A.B. {here insert name and address and number on the register as in the register of local government electors for the burgh of ) and C.D. {here insert name and address and register number as in the said register), hereby propose and nominate—

F., E. {if the candidate's name appears in the said register, here insert name and address and number on the register as in the said register, placing the surname first),

{if the candidate's name does not appear in the said register, here insert his full name—with the surname first—and place of residence, and if the circumstances warrant it add who has resided at {insert address or addresses) within the burgh of {specify burgh) during the whole of the twelve months preceding this date), for election as a town councillor at the next ensuing municipal election in the said burgh of {specify burgh).

We hereby declare to die best of our knowledge, information and belief that—

(a)the said E.F. is of full age and a British subject [or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland] and not subject to any legal incapacity; and (b) the said E.F. is not disqualified for being nominated as a candidate for election as a town councillor by reason of any of the disqualifications set forth in section 52 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, a copy of which section is printed on the back hereof.

Given under our hand this {insert date).

A.B.

CD.

We, the undersigned, being registered local government electors for the burgh of {specify burgh), do hereby assent to the nomination of the said E.F. as a town councillor as above mentioned.

{insert address and number on the register as in the register for the said burgh.)

I, the nominee for election, consent to be nominated as a candidate and, if elected, accept office as a town councillor for the said burgh. I declare that, if elected, I shall faithfully perform the duties of the office.

I am of full age and a British subject [or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland] and not subject to any legal incapacity. {If the candidate is not qualified as a registered local government elector, and if the circumstances warrant it, add I have resided within the burgh of

during the whole of the twelve months preceding the date above mentioned.)

I.J., of K.L., of M.N., of O.P.. of

1315

3rd Sch. —cont.

1316

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

I declare that I am not disqualified for being nominated as a candidate for election as a town councillor by reason of any of the disqualifications set forth in section 52 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, a copy of which section is printed on the back hereof.

E.F.

To the Town Clerk of Note:—Where this form is subscribed by a solicitor on behalf of the candidate it should be subscribed as follows—" For and on behalf of E.F., X.Y., Solicitor, ( here insert duly authorised by the said E.F. to sign this form."

Back of Nomination Paper

(Here print copy of section 52 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947)

Note:—If any person signs any nomination paper as candidate, proposer or solicitor on behalf of a candidate knowing any of the statements contained therein to be false, he shall be liable under the Representation of the People Act, 1949, on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both.

///.—Form of Nomination Paper applicable to the election of town councillors in a burgh divided into wards

Front of Nomination Paper

Burgh of

Municipal Election, 19

We, A.B. (here insert name and address and number on the register as in the register of local government electors for the ward for which the candidate is being nominated) and C.D. (here insert name and address and number on the register as in the said register), hereby propose and nominate—

F.. E.

(ifthe candidate’s name appears in the register for any ward in the burgh, here insert name and address and number on the register as in the register in which his name appears, placing the surname first and specifying the ward to which the register relates),

(if the candidate’s name does not appear in the register for any part of the burgh, here insert his full name—with surname first—and place of residence and, if the circumstances warrant it, add who has resided at (insert address or addresses) within the burgh of (specify burgh) during the whole of the twelve months preceding this date)

for election as a town councillor for the ward (specify ward) at the next ensuing municipal election in the burgh of (specify burgh).

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

We hereby declare to the best of our knowledge, information and belief that—

(a) the said E.F. is of full age and a British subject [or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland] and not subject to any legal incapacity; and

(b) the said E.F. is not disqualified for being nominated as a candidate for election as a town councillor by reason of any of the disqualifications set forth in section 52 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, a copy of which section is printed on the back hereof.

Given under our hand this (i Insert date).

A.B.

C.D.

We, the undersigned, being registered local government electors for the ward (specify ward) in the burgh of (specify

burgh), do hereby assent to the nomination of the said E.F. as a town councillor as above mentioned.

G.H., of

I.J., of

K.L., of

M.N., of

O.P., of

(insert address and number on the register as in the register for the scad ward.)

I, the nominee for election, consent to being nominated as a candidate and, if elected, accept office as a town councillor for the said ward. I declare that, if elected, I shall faithfully perform the duties of the office.

I am of full age and a British subject [or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland] and not subject to any legal incapacity. (If the candidate is not qualified as a registered local government elector, and if the circumstances warrant it, add I have resided within the burgh of

during the whole of the twelve months preceding the date before mentioned.)

I declare that I am not disqualified for being nominated as a candidate for election as a town councillor by reason of any of the disqualifications set forth in section 52 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, a copy of which section is printed on the back hereof.

E.F.

To the Town Clerk of

Note :■—Where this form is subscribed by a solicitor on behalf of the candidate it should be subscribed as follows—" For and on behalf of E.F., X.Y., Solicitor, (here insert address) duly authorised by the said E.F. to sign this form/*

Back of Nomination Paper

(Here print copy of section 52 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947)

Note.—If any person signs any nomination paper as candidate, proposer or solicitor on behalf of a candidate knowing any of the statements contained therein to be false, he shall be liable under

1317

3rd Sea.

—cent.

1318

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —cotxt.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

the Representation of the People Act, 1949, on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both.

Form C.

Form of Notice of Withdrawal.

[County of

County Council Election, 19 .]

[Burgh of

Municipal Election, 19 .]

I, E.F. ( here insert name and address as in nomination paper) hereby withdraw my nomination as a candidate for election as a [county councillor for the electoral division of ( electoral

division)] [town councillor for the burgh] [town councillor for ward C specify ward)] at die next ensuing election of [county councillors in the county of ( county)] [town

councillors in the burgh of ( specify burgh)]:

Dated this {insert date)

Name

Address

Designation

Witness. EJ7.

Name

Address

Designation

Witness.

[To the Returning Officer,

County of .]

[To the Town Clerk of .]

Note:—Where this form is subscribed by a solicitor on behalf of the candidate it should be subscribed as follows—" For and on behalf of E.F., X.Y., Solicitor, {here insert address) duly authorised by the said E.F. to sign this form."

Where the candidate is outside the United Kingdom and, in accordance with paragraph (3) of rule 8 of the local elections rules contained in the Third Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1949, this form is subscribed by his principal proposer or proposers, appropriate modifications shall be made in the form.

Form D.

Form of Notice of Uncontested Election.

7.—Form of Notice of Uncontested Election applicable to the election of county councillors for the landward area of a .

Note:—This form shall, except where in the circumstances it is not appropriate, be combined with the notice of poll (Form E.).

County of

County Council Election, 19 .

In terms of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, I hereby give notice that the following person[s] remain[s] validly nominated

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

for the electoral divisions] as hereinafter mentioned, and as not more than one person so remains validly nominated for [each of] the said divisions], there will be no poll in that [or those] electoral divisions], and that on the day appointed for declaring the result of the election the said person[s] shall be declared to be elected county councillors].

Electoral Division^]. Name[s] of person[s] elected. Address[es] or placets] of residence. Names of proposers. Addresses of proposers.

A.B.,

Returning Officer.

(Date).

II.—Form of Notice of Uncontested Election applicable to the election of town councillors in a burgh not divided into wards.

Burgh of

Municipal Election, 19 .

In terms of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, I hereby give notice that the following persons remain validly nominated for the burgh, and as the number of persons so remaining validly nominated does not exceed the number of vacancies to be supplied therein, there will be no poll, and that on the day appointed for declaring the result of the election the said persons shall be declared to be elected town councillors of the burgh.

Names of persons elected. Addresses or places of residence. Names of proposers. Addresses of proposers.

A.B.,

Town Clerk,

(Date).

1319

3rd Sch. —cont.

1320

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

III.—Form of Notice of Uncontested Election applicable to the election of town councillors in a burgh divided into wards.

Note.—This form shall, except where in the circumstances it is not appropriate, be combined with the notice of poll (Form E.).

Burgh of

Municipal Election, 19 .

In terms of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, I hereby . give notice that the following person[s] remain[s] validly nominated for the ward[s] as hereinafter mentioned, and as the number of persons so remaining validly nominated for [each of] the said ward[s] does not exceed the number of vacancies to be supplied therein, there will be no poll therein, and that on the day appointed for declaring the result of the election the said person[s] shall be declared to be elected town councillors] of the burgh.

Ward[s] Name[s] of person[s] elected. Address[es] or placets] of residence. Names of proposers. Addresses of proposers.

A.B.,

Town Clerk. (Date.)

Form E.

Form of Notice of Poll.

I.—Form of Notice of Poll applicable to the election of county councillors for the landward area of a county.

Note.—This form shall, except where in the circumstances it is not appropriate, be combined with the notice in the case of uncontested election (Form D.).

County of

County Council Election, 19 .

In terms of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, I hereby give notice that the following persons remain validly nominated for election as county councillors as hereinafter mentioned in this county at the election which shall be held on Tuesday the day of

May next between the hours of o’clock forenoon

and o’clock afternoon at the places mentioned in the

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

Ch. 68

1321

Notice of Election dated elected for each electoral division.

, one councillor falling to be

3rd Sch. —cont.

Electoral Division^]. Names of candidates. Addresses or places of residence of candidates. Names of proposers. Addresses of proposers.

The persons entitled to vote as electors at this election are the persons registered under the Representation of the People Acts as local government electors for the [respective] electoral division[s] aforesaid.

A.B.,

Returning Officer.

{Date.)

II.—Form of Notice of Poll applicable to the election of town councillors in a burgh not divided into wards.

Burgh of

Municipal Election, 19 .

In terms of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, I hereby give notice that the following persons remain validly nominated for election as town councillors in this burgh as hereinafter mentioned at the municipal election which shall be held on Tuesday the day of May next between the hours of o'clock forenoon

and o’clock afternoon at the places mentioned in the

Notice of Election dated ,

Names of candidates. Addresses or places of residence of candidates. Names of proposers and assenters. Addresses of proposers and assenters.

To elect town councillors ( number).

2 X

1322

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —corn.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

The persons entitled to vote as electors at this election are the :rsons registered under the Representation .of the People Acts as cal government electors for the burgh.

A.B.,

Town Clerk. (Date.)

III.—Form of Notice of Poll applicable to the election of town councillors in a burgh divided into wards.

Note.—This form shall, except where in the circumstances it is not appropriate, be combined with the notice in the case of uncontested election (Form D.).

Burgh of

In terms of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, I hereby give notice that the following persons remain validly nominated for election as town councillors in this burgh as hereinafter mentioned at the municipal election which shall be held on Tuesday the day of May, next between the hours of o’clock forenoon

and o’clock afternoon at the places mentioned in the

Notice of Election, dated , ( if not appropriate) one

councillor falling to be elected for each ward.

Ward[s]. Names of candidates. , 1 Addresses or places of residence of candidates. 1 Names of proposers and assenters. Addresses of proposers and assenters.

I. II. III.

The persons entitled to vote as electors at this election arc the persons registered under the Representation of the People Acts as local government electors for the [respective] ward[s] aforesaid.

A.B.,

Town Oerk.

(Date.)

1949

Counterfoil

No.

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

Form F.

Form of Ballot Paper.

Form of Front of Ballot Paper.

Ch. 68

1323

Nora:

The counterfoil is to have a number to correspond with that on the back of 1 the Ballot .

No.

Election for the [ electoral division of the

county of ] [burgh of ]

[ ward of the burgh of ].

Note:

The number on the ballot paper is to correspond with that on the counterfoil.

Directions as to printing the Ballot Paper.

1. Nothing is to be printed on the ballot paper except in accordance with these directions.

2. So far as practicable, the following arrangements shall be observed in the printing of the ballot paper:—

(a) no word shall be printed on the face except the particulars of the candidates;

2X2

3rd Sch. —cont.

11 GRANT (JOHN Grant, of 52, George Street, Hamilton.)

1 2 GRANT (WILLIAM DAVID Grant, of Weston, Lanarkshire.)

[ 3 MORRISON (Hon. John Morrison, of Melville, Lanarkshire.)

1 4 SMITH (Mary Smith, of 72, High Street, Rutherglen.)

Form of Back of Ballot Paper.

1324

Ch. 68

3rd Sch. —cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules

(b) no rule shall be printed on the face except the horizontal rules separating the particulars of the candidates from one another and the vertical rules separating those particulars from the numbers on the left-hand side and the spaces on the right where the vote is to be marked;

(c) the whole space between the top and bottom of the paper

shall be equally divided between the candidates by the rules separating their particulars.

3. The surname of each candidate shall in all cases be printed by itself in large capitals, and his full name and address or place of residence shall be set out below it and shall be printed in ordinary type except that small capitals shall be used—

(a) if his surname is the same as another candidate's, for his

other names; and

(b) if his other names are also the same as the other candidate’s,

for his address or place of residence unless it is the same as that of another candidate with the same surname and other names.

4. The number on the back of the ballot paper shall be printed in small characters.

Form G.

Form of directions for the guidance of the voters in voting.

The voter may vote for candidate[s].

The voter should see that the ballot paper, before it is handed to him, is stamped with the official mark.

The voter will go into one of the compartments, and, with the pencil provided in the compartment, place a cross on the right-hand side of the ballot paper, opposite the name of each candidate for whom he votes, thus X

The voter will then fold up the ballot paper so as to show the official mark on the back, and leaving the compartment will, without showing the front of the paper to any person, show the official mark on the back to the presiding officer, and then in the presence of the presiding officer put the paper into the ballot box and forthwith leave the polling station.

If the voter inadvertently spoils a ballot paper he can return it to the officer who will, if satisfied of such inadvertence, give him another paper.

If the voter votes for more than candidate[s] or places

any mark on the paper by which he may be afterwards identified his ballot paper will be void and will not be counted.

If the voter fraudulently takes a ballot paper out of the polling station or puts into the ballot box any other paper than the ballot paper given him by the officer, he will be liable on conviction on indictment or on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68 1325

Act, 1949

Scottish Local Elections Rules 3rd Sch.

—cont.

Form H.

Form of declaration of secrecy.

I solemnly promise and declare that I shall at this election maintain and aid in maintaining the secrecy of the voting and shall not do anything forbidden by subsections (1), (2), (3) and (6) of section fifty-three of the Representation erf the People Act, 1949, which have been read to me.

Form I.

Form of declaration to be made by the companion of a

BLIND VOTER.

I, A.B., of , having been requested to assist C.D. (in

the case of a blind person voting as proxy add voting as proxy for M.N.) who is numbered on the register of local government

electors for the [ electoral division of the county of ]

[burgh of ] [ ward of the burgh, of ], to

record his vote at the election now being held for the said [electoral division] [burgh] [ward], do hereby declare that [I am entitled to vote as an elector at the said election] [I am the of the State the

said voter and have attained the age of twenty-one years], and that I have not previously assisted any blind person [except E.F., of ] to vote at the said election.

(Signed), A.B.,

day of 19 .

I, the undersigned, being the presiding officer for the polling station for the [ electoral division of the county

of ] [burgh of ] [ ward of the

burgh of ], do hereby certify that the above declaration,

having been first read to the above-named declarant, was signed by the declarant in my presence.

(Signed), G.H.,

day of 19 ,

at minutes past o'clock [a.m.] [p.m.].

Note.—If the person making the above declaration knowingly and wilfully makes therein a statement false in a material particular, he will be guilty of an offence.

1326

Ch. 68

Section 42.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Provisions which may be contained in Regulations as to Registration, etc.

1. Provisions authorising a registration officer (other than a registration officer in Scotland) to require the clerk of the authority of any county borough, metropolitan borough or county district wholly or partly within the area for which he acts (or an officer designated for the purpose by the council of any such borough or district) to perform on his behalf all or any of his registration duties, so far as they relate to the preparation and publication of the electors lists, and to give information required for the purpose of his registration duties.

2. Provisions authorising a registration officer to require any householder or person owning or occupying any land or premises within the area for which he acts, or the agent or factor of any such person, to give information required for the purpose of his registration duties.

3. Provisions laying down a timetable for the preparation of the register and other matters, and providing that notices and other documents received by the registration officer out of time may be or shall be disregarded either altogether or for the purposes of a particular register or election.

4. Provisions as to the manner in which service declarations, and applications and notices from service voters, are to be transmitted to the registration officer.

5. —(1) Provisions as to the evidence which shall or may be required, or be deemed sufficient or conclusive evidence, of a person’s service declaration having ceased to be in force.

(2) Provisions as to the evidence of age or nationality which may be required in connection with a person’s registration otherwise than as a service voter or with his appointment as a proxy, and provisions—

(a) enabling any person to obtain for the purpose of the regula-

tions a birth certificate on payment of a fee not exceeding sixpence;

(b) exempting statutory declarations made for that purpose from stamp duty, and requiring any fee payable in connection with the making of any such declaration to be paid by the registration officer.

(3) Provisions as to the evidence which shall or may be required, or be deemed sufficient or conclusive evidence, in connection with a person’s application to be treated as an absent voter, of his being subject to any physical incapacity and as to its probable duration or of the fact that he is acting as returning officer at any election or of his employment as a constable or by a returning officer, mayor or person acting as mayor and the circumstances of that employment.

6. Provisions as to the cases in which a claim or objection may be determined by the registration officer without a hearing, and as to a person’s right in any such cases to make written representations to him.

1949 Representation of the People Ch. 68

Act, 1949

7. Provisions authorising a registration officer to require any person's evidence at a hearing before him to be given on oath and to administer oaths for the purpose.

8. Provisions as to marking the register so as to distinguish those registered as service voters and others having special rights as to the place or manner of voting at any election.

9. Provisions requiring copies of the electors lists, register and other documents or prescribed parts thereof to be available for inspection by the public at such places as may be prescribed.

10. Provisions authorising or requiring the registration officer to supply to such persons as may be prescribed copies of the electors lists, register and other documents or prescribed parts thereof, whether free of charge or on payment of a prescribed fee.

11. Provisions as to the proceedings in connection with the issue and receipt of ballot papers for voting by post (including provisions as to the persons who are to be entitled or may be allowed to attend and the rights and obligations of persons attending), and provisions as to the steps to be taken to ensure the secrecy of the voting and the safe custody (before and after the count) of the ballot papers returned and other documents.

12. —(1) Provisions imposing pecuniary penalties (not exceeding one hundred pounds for any offence) on persons summarily convicted—

(a) of having failed to comply with, or given false information

in pursuance of, any such requisition of the registration officer as is mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule;

(b) of having, without lawful authority, destroyed, mutilated, defaced or removed any notice published by the registration officer in connection with his registration duties, or any copies of a document which have been made available for inspection in pursuance of those duties.

(2) Any other provisions incidental or supplementary to those mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs of this Schedule.

1327

4th Sch. —corn.

1328

Sections 69 and 70.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

FIFTH SCHEDULE Return and Declarations as to Election Expenses Form of Return

Election in the constituency

(for a local government election substitute county of borough of , or as the case may be).

Date of publication of notice of election

Name of candidate

1. I am the election agent of the person named above as a candidate at this election [am the person named above as a candidate at this election and was my own election agent].

(Where there has been a change of election agent suitable variations may be introduced here and elsewhere in the return.)

2. I hereby make the following return of the candidate’s [my] election expenses at this election.

Receipts

CInclude all money, securities or equivalent of money received in respect of expenses incurred on account of or in connection with or incidental to the above election.)

Received of the above-named candidate (or, if the candidate is his own election agent, paid by me) ...

Received of (setout separately the name and description of each person, club, society or association and the amount received from him or them)

Expenditure

Note.—The return shall deal under a separate heading or subheading with any expenses included therein as respects which a return is required to be made by section sixty-three of this Act.

Candidate’s personal expenses—

paid by him [by me as candidate]

paid by me [by me acting as my election agent] ...

Received by me for my services as election agent (omit if candidate is his own election agent)

Paid to as sub-agent of the polling district of £

Paid to *t as polling agent £

* Set out separately the name and description of each person with the amount paid to him.

f These particulars may be set out in a separate list annexed to and referred to in the account thus Paid to (polling agent) as per annexed "

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1329

Paid to *f as clerk [messenger] for days services ...

Paid to the following persons in respect of goods supplied or work and labour done—

to *f (set out the nature of the goods supplied or work and labour done thus

[printing], [advertising], [stationery])

Paid to *t as a speaker at a public meeting at on 19 , as remuneration

[expenses]

Paid for the hire of rooms—

for holding public meetings—

paid to *t for hire of (identify the rooms by naming or describing them)

for committee rooms—

paid to ♦f for hire of (identify the rooms by naming or describing them)

Paid for postage

Paid for telegrams

Paid for miscellaneous matters—

to *f (set out the reason for the payment)

In addition to the above I am aware (unless the candidate is his own election agent add as election agent for the above-named candidate) of the following disputed and unpaid claims—

Disputed claims—

by for (set out the goods, work and labour, or other matter on the ground of which the claim is based) ...

Unpaid claims allowed by the court to be

paid after the proper time or in respect of which application has been or is about to be made to the court

(state in each case whether the High Court or some other court)—

by for (set out the goods, work and labour, or other matter on the ground of which the claim is due) ...

Signature of person making return

• Set out separately the name and description each person with the amount paid to or claimed by him.

f These particulars may be set out in a separate list annexed to and referred to in the account.

2 X*

5th Sch. —cont.

1330

5th Sch

—cont.

Sections 78 and

167.

Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Form of Declarations

Election in the constituency

(for a local government election substitute county of ,

borough of , or as the case may be).

Date of publication of notice of election

Name of candidate

I solemnly and sincerely declare as follows:—

1. I am the person named above as a candidate at this election [and was my own election agent] or was at this election the election agent of the person named above as a candidate.

2. I have examined the return of election expenses [about to be]

transmitted by my election agent [by me] to the returning officer* (at a local government election, substitute appropriate officer) of which a copy is now shown to me and marked . and

to the best of my knowledge and belief it is a complete and correct return as required by law.

3. To the best of my knowledge and belief, all expenses shown in the return as paid were paid by my election agent [by me], except as otherwise stated in relation to my [the candidate’s] personal expenses.

4. I understand that the law does not allow any election expenses not mentioned in this return to be defrayed except in pursuance of a court order.

Signature of declarant

Signed and declared by the above named declarant on the day of , before me,

(Signed)

Justice of the Peace for

(Note.—Where there has been a change of election agent, suitable variations may be introduced into the declaration as to expenses.)

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Election Expenses at Elections where there are no Election Agents

1.—(1) Any claim against any person in respect of any election expenses incurred by or on behalf of a candidate which is not sent in within fourteen days after the day of election shall be barred and not paid, and all election expenses incurred as aforesaid shall be paid within twenty-one days after the day of election and not otherwise.

(2) If any person makes a payment in contravention of this paragraph he shall be guilty of an illegal practice:

Provided that a candidate shall not be liable, nor shall his election be avoided, for any illegal practice committed under this sub-paragraph without his consent or connivance.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1331

2. Every agent of a candidate at the election shall, within twenty- 6th Sch. three days after the day of election, make a true return to the candi- —cont. date in writing of all election expenses incurred by the agent and if he

fails so to do he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

3. Within twenty-eight days after the day of election every candidate shall send to the clerk of the authority for which the election is held a return of all election expenses incurred by the candidate or his agents vouched (except in the case of sums under twenty shillings) by bills stating the particulars and receipts and accompanied by a declaration by the candidate as to election expenses.

4. —(1) After the expiration of the time for making the return and declaration the candidate, if elected, shall not, until he has made the return and declaration or until the date of the allowance of any authorised excuse under paragraph 7 of this Schedule, sit or vote in the council and if he does so he shall forfeit fifty pounds for every day on which he so sits or votes :

Provided that instead of civil proceedings for a penalty, proceedings may be instituted in a court of summary jurisdiction and the person charged shall be liable, on conviction, to a fine of an amount not exceeding the amount of the penalty which would be recoverable in civil proceedings.

(2) A proceeding for an offence under this paragraph shall be commenced within one year after the offence was committed and the time so limited by this sub-paragraph shall; in the case of any proceeding under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, be substituted for any limitation of time contained in those Acts.

For the purposes of this sub-paragraph the issue of a writ or other process shall be deemed to be a commencement of a proceeding, where the service or execution of the same on or against the alleged offender is prevented by the absconding or concealment or act of the alleged offender, but save as aforesaid the service or execution of the same on or against the alleged offender, and not the issue thereof, shall be deemed to be the commencement of the proceeding.

5. If the candidate fails to make the said return and declaration he shall be guilty of an illegal practice, and, if he knowingly makes the said declaration falsely, he shall be guilty of a corrupt practice.

6. The High Court, an election court or the county court may, on application either of the candidate or a creditor, allow any claim to be sent in and any expense to be paid after the time limited by this Schedule, and a return of any sum so paid shall forthwith after payment be sent to the clerk of the authority.

7.—(1) If the candidate applies to the High Court, an election court or the county court and shows that the failure to make the said return and declaration or either of them or any error or false statement therein has arisen by reason of—

(a) his illness or absence; or

2 X. 2

1332

Ch. 68

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

6th Sch. (b)the absence, death, illness or misconduct of any agent, clerk

—cont. or officer; or

(c) inadvertence or any reasonable cause of a like nature, and not by reason of any want of good faith on the part of the applicant, the court may, after such notice of the application and on production of such evidence of the grounds stated in the application, and of the good faith of the applicant, and otherwise as to the court seems fit, make such order allowing the authorised excuse for the failure, error or false statement as to the court seems just.

(2) The order may make the allowance conditional upon compliance with such terms as to the court seems best calculated for carrying into effect the objects of this Schedule, and the order shall relieve the applicant from any liability or consequence under this Act in respect of the matters excused by the order.

(3) The date of the order, or, if conditions and terms are to be complied with, the date on which the applicant fully complies with them, is referred to in this Act as the date of the allowance of the excuse.

8. —(1) The said return and declaration shall be kept at the office of the clerk of the authority and shall at all reasonable times during the twelve months next after they are received by him be open to inspection by any person on payment of the fee of one shilling and the said clerk shall, on demand, furnish copies thereof, or of any part thereof, at the price of two pence for every seventy-two words.

(2) After the expiration of the said twelve months the clerk of the authority may cause the return and declaration to be destroyed or, if the candidate so require, shall return the same to him.

9. The jurisdiction vested by paragraph 7 of this Schedule in a county court may be exercised otherwise than in open court

An appeal shall lie to the High Court from any order of a county court made by virtue of the said paragraph 7.

Section 82. SEVENTH SCHEDULE

Use for Parliamentary Election Meetings of Rooms in School Premises and of Meeting Rooms

1. —(1) Any arrangements for the use of a room in school premises shall be made with the local education authority maintaining the school.

(2) Any question as to the rooms in school premises which a candidate in any constituency is entitled to use, or as to the times at which he is entitled to use them, or as to the notice which is reasonable, shall be determined by the Minister of Education.

2. —(1) Every local education authority shall prepare for their area lists of the rooms in school premises which candidates in any constituency are entitled to use.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1333

(2) The list shall include the rooms in premises outside, as well as those in premises in, the constituency.

(3) The list shall be revised from time to time as occasion may require.

3. —(1) With the exception of the London county council, every county, county borough and metropolitan borough council shall prepare for their area lists of the meeting rooms which candidates in any constituency are entitled to use.

(2) The list shall indicate the person to whom applications for the use of the room are to be made in each case.

(3) The list shall be revised from time to time as occasion may require.

(4) The list shall not include any room if the person maintaining it disputes the right of candidates in the constituency to use it.

4. The lists of rooms in school premises and of meeting rooms prepared for each constituency shall be kept by the registration officer, and those lists and particulars of any change made on a revision thereof shall (where necessary) be forwarded to him accordingly.

5. In the event of a dissolution, or of a vacancy occurring in the seat for the constituency, any person stating himself to be, or to be authorised by, a candidate or his election agent shall be entitled at all reasonable hours to inspect the said lists or a copy thereof.

6. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland—

(a) for the reference in paragraph 1 to the Minister of Education there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State, and for any reference to a local education authority there shall be substituted a reference to an education authority;

(b) subparagraph (1) of paragraph 2, sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 3 and paragraph 4 shall not apply, and it shall be the duty of the town clerk of each burgh being a county of a city and of the county clerk of each county (after consultation with the clerks of the town and district councils of the burghs and districts in the county) to prepare and keep for each constituency wholly situated in the burgh or county and for each part so situated of any other constituency—

(a) a list of rooms in school preniises; and (h)a list of meeting rooms; which candidates in the constituency are entitled to use.

7th Sch.

—COM.

1334

Ch. 68

Section 169.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

EIGHTH SCHEDULE Interpretation of other Acts Register, electors, etc.

1. —(1) Any reference in any Act (whenever passed) to the register of parliamentary and local government electors, or to the register of parliamentary electors, or to the register of local government electors, or to the electors lists for any such register, shall be taken as a reference to the register kept under this Act, or to that register so far as it relates to parliamentary electors, or to that register so far as it relates to local government electors, or to the electors lists therefor, as the case may be, and references in any Act to a parliamentary or local government elector shall be construed accordingly; and local government electors registered under this Act shall for all purposes, whether statutory or not, be in the same position as local government electors registered under the Representation of the People Act, 1918.

(2) References in the Election Commissioners Act, 1852, to a voter, or to voting, shall be taken as including an elector’s proxy under this Act and to voting by or as proxy

Registration and Returning Officers

2. Any reference in any Act (whenever passed) to the registration officer for the registration of parliamentary or local government electors, or to the returning officer for a parliamentary election or constituency, shall be taken as a reference to the registration officer or returning officer appointed under this Act.

Registration Expenses

3. Any reference in any Act (whenever passed) to registration expenses in connection with the registration of parliamentary or local government electors shall be taken as a reference to registration expenses under this Act:

Provided that this paragraph shall have effect in relation to the expenses under the enactments relating to election commissioners subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 5 of Part I of the Tenth Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1948 (which relates to expenses in Northern Ireland).

Corrupt and illegal practices

4. Every corrupt practice within the meaning of this Act committed in reference to a parliamentary election shall be a corrupt practice within the meaning of the Election Commissioners Act, 1852, the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868, and the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, and every illegal practice within die meaning of this Act so committed shall be an illegal practice within the meaning of the said Acts.

References to enactments reproduced in this Act

5. —(1) In each of the enactments mentioned in the following Table, references to the Act containing that enactment shall include a reference to Part I of this Act.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1335

Table

In the Local Government Act, 1933—

Subsection (1) of section eight.

Subsection (1) of section twenty-three.

Subsection (2) of section thirty-five.

Paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section forty-five.

In the London Government Act, 1939—

Subsection (1) of section nine.

Subsection (1) of section twenty-three.

In the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947—

The first reference in subsection (1) of section sixty-four.

Subsections (1) and (3) of section three hundred and sixty-three.

The third reference in section three hundred and sixty-nine.

Subsection (1) of section three hundred and seventy-one.

Subsection (1) of section three hundred and seventy-four.

In the Representation of the People Act, 1948—

Section seventy-two.

Paragraph 5 of Part II of the Tenth Schedule.

Paragraph 6 of Part II of the Tenth Schedule (so far as it refers to the registration of electors under that Act).

(2) In subsection (4) of section forty-three of the Local Government Act, 1933, the reference to Part I of that Act shall include a reference to Part I of this Act.

(3) In sub-paragraph (5) of paragraph 5 of Part VI of the Third Schedule to the Local Government Act, 1933, the reference to section fifty-four of that Act shall include a reference to section twenty-nine of this Act and to any provisions of this Act which under subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-five of this Act may be adapted in their application to an election of parish councillors.

(4) In section sixty-three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, the reference to the Second Schedule to that Act shall be taken as a reference to the local elections rules.

(5) In section one hundred and thirty-three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947—

(a) in subsection (15), the reference to Part III of the Second

Schedule to that Act shall be taken as a reference to Parts in, IV and V of the local elections rules;

(b) in subsection (20), the first reference to that Act shall include a reference to Part I of this Act, and the reference in paragraph (c) to Part II of the Seoond Schedule to that Act shall be taken as a reference to Part I of the local elections rules.

(6) In section three hundred and sixty-eight of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947—

(a) in subsection (1), the references to that Act in paragraphs (a), (b) and (d) and in the first proviso shall include references to Part I of this Act, and in the second proviso the

8th Sch.

1336

Ch. 68

8th Sch.

—cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

reference to Part II of that Act so far as relating to offences connected with elections shall be taken as a reference to sections fifty-two and fifty-three of this Act and the reference to die Second Schedule to that Act shall be taken as a reference to the local elections rules;

(b) in subsection (4) the reference to Part II of that Act so far as relating to offences connected with elections shall be taken as a reference to sections fifty-two and fifty-three of this Act and the reference to the Second Schedule to that Act shall be taken as a reference to the local elections rules;

(c) in subsection (6) the reference to provisions of that Act shall be taken as including a reference to provisions of Part I of this Act.

Amendments of Representation of the People Act, 1948

6. The respective references in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 of the Sixth Schedule and sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 1 of Part II of the Tenth Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1948, to subsection (3) of section sixty-seven and section two hundred and ninety-five of the local elections Act shall in relation to London be taken respectively as references to subsection (3) of section forty-two and section one hundred and ninety-seven of the London Government Act. 1939.

Supplementary

7.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, the provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of this Schedule shall apply to a reference to any of the matters mentioned therein, whatever the terms used in that reference, and to a reference to any other matter which was to be construed as a reference to any of the said matters by virtue of an enactment repealed by the Representation of the People Act, 1948.

(2) The said provisions so far as they relate to this Act or any other Act passed after the Representation of the People Act, 1948, shall not apply where the context otherwise requires.

(3) The said provisions so far as they relate to Acts not so passed may be excluded, in whole or in part, by an order of the Secretary of State in any particular case where they appear to him to be inappropriate and an order under this sub-paragraph may make such change in the law which is reproduced in this Act as might have been made before the commencement of this Act under paragraph (c) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 8 of Part I of the Tenth Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1948.

(4) Nothing in the said provisions of this Schedule or in any other provision of this Act shall affect the qualification of any person for any office held by that person immediately before the coming into force of the first register prepared under the Representation of the People Act, 1948, so as to vacate or require that person to vacate the office.

For the purposes of determining which is the first register the said Act and this Act shall be treated as the same Act.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1337

NINTH SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 7.

6 Anne. c. 40.

The Parliamentary Elections (Returns) Act, 1695.

The Union with Scotland

The whole Act.

Section five.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 67.

(Amendment) Act, 1707. The Union with Ireland Act, 1800.

In section two, the words from " and such writs and the returns " to " shall be lost *.

2 A 3 Will. 4. The Representation of the c. 65. People (Scotland) Act,

1832.

In section thirty-six, the words from " and no sheriff clerk " to the end of the section.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 69.

3 & 4 Vict, c. 108.

6 & 7 Vict.

c. 18.

13 & 14 Vict, c. 69.

17 & 18 Vict, c. 102.

22 & 23 Vict, c. 32.

26 & 27 Vict, c. 29.

30 & 31 Vict, c. 102.

31 & 32 Vict c. 48.

The Corporate Property (Elections) Act, 1832.

The Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Act, 1840.

The Parliamentary Voters* Registration Act, 1843.

The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1850.

The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854.

The County and Borough Police Act, 1859.

The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1863.

The Representation of the People Act, 1867.

The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.

The whole Act.

In section eighty-four,the words from " and in boroughs to the end of the section.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Section three.

The whole Act.

The whole Act except sections seven and fifty-one.

Section twenty-three.

31 & 32 Vict, c. 49.

31 & 32 Vict, c. 125.

The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868.

The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868.

The whole Act.

Section two.

In section three, the definitions except that of corrupt practices.

Sections four to ten.

In section eleven, paragraph (1), paragraph (6), in paragraph (7) the words "under this Act ", and paragraphs (9) to (16).

Sections twelve to fourteen.

In section fifteen, the words under this Act *.

Sections seventeen to fifty-three.

Section fifty-seven.

Section 175.

1338 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

1949

9th Sch.

—com

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

31 & 32 Vict. The Parliamentary c. 125—corn. Elections Act, 1868

—com.

In section fifty-eight, paragraphs (1), (4), (5) and (10), in paragraph (11) the words "under this Act ", and paragraphs (12) to (18).

35 & 36 Vict.

c. 33.

42 & 43 Vict, c. 75.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 50.

The Ballot Act, 1872 ...

The whole Act.

The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1879.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

Section two save as it affects the number of judges to be placed on the rota.

In section seven, the definition of" municipal election ".

Part IV.

Section one hundred and twenty-four.

In the Fifth Schedule, in Part II, paragraph 2.

In the Ninth Schedule, the references to the Representation of the People Act, 1867, the Boundary Act, 1868, the Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1868, and the Parliamentary Elections Act,

1868.

46 & 47 Vict. The Municipal Corpora c. 18. tions Act, 1883.

46 & 47 Vict. The Corrupt and Illegal c. 51. Practices Prevention

Act, 1883.

In section six, in subsection (1) the words from "whether" to "or otherwise" and subsection (2).

Sections one to eleven.

In section twelve, the words from "and the expression" to the end of the section.

Sections thirteen to thirty-

seven.

In section thirty-eight, in subsection (1), the words from the beginning of the subsection to " an election court and ", the words "court or " and the words "as the case may be ", in subsections (5) to (7) the words "any election court or " whenever they occur, in subsection (8), paragraph (a), in paragraph ( ) the words "an election court or" and the words "court or ", and in paragraph (c) the words "conviction of or", and subsection (10).

Sections thirty-nine to forty-one.

In section forty-two, the words from the beginning of the section to " conclusion and ".

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1339

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

46 & 47 Vict c. 51—cont.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883—cont.

Sections forty-three to forty-five.

In section forty-six, the words "either before or after the commencement of this Act ", the words "the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts or ", the words "a conviction or of", the words "any election court or", and the words "conviction or " in the

two further places where they

occur.

Section forty-eight.

Sections fifty to fifty-five.

In section fifty-six, in subsection (1) the words from "may so far" to "other respects" and the proviso, and in subsection (2) the words "and of the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868, and the Acts amending the same".

In section fifty-seven, subsection (2).

Section fifty-eight.

In section fifty-nine, subsections (1) to (3) except in so far as they are applied by subsection (4) to witnesses before election commissioners.

In section sixty, the words "An election court or" and "in the case of the commission-

AM "

ers

In section sixty-two, subsections

(1) and (3), and in subsection

(2) the words "the High Court or any election court or", the words "or otherwise ", the words "making a statement or ", and the words "court or" in every other place where they occur.

Section sixty-three.

In section sixty-four, the words from " Other expressions " to the end of the section and the definitions except those of "election", "election petition ", " election court ",

" Election Commissioners ", " the Attorney General ", " person " and " Licensing Acts ".

9th Sch.

—cont.

1340 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

9th Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

46 & 47 Vict, c. 51—cont.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883—cont.

In section sixty-five, subsections

(I) and (4).

Section sixty-six.

In section sixty-eight, in paragraph (1) the definitions except those of " barrister " and " quarter sessions and paragraphs (2), (3), (6), (10),

(II) , (15), and (17).

In section sixty-nine, paragraphs (1), (10), (12) and (13). The First, Second and Third

Schedules.

47 & 48 Vict, c. 70.

48 & 49 Vict, c. 56.

51 & 52 Vict, c. 27.

51 & 52 Vict, c. 41.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 55.

53 & 54 Vict, c. clxxvi.

54 & 55 Vict.

c. 49.

58 & 59 Vict, c. 40.

61 & 62 Vict, c. 37.

7Edw. 7. c. 51.

The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

The Parliamentary Elections Corrupt Practices Act, 1885.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1888.

The Local Government Act, 1888.

The Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890.

The Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6) Act, 1890.

The Returning Officers (Scotland) Act, 1891.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1895.

The Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907.

The whole Act except paragraphs (5) and (7) of section thirty-five; in paragraph (7) of section thirty-five the words from "a sum*’ to "fifty pounds and and the words from "unless" to "fourth day".

The whole Act.

In section two, in subsection (1) the words "In all cases of appeal to ", the words "under the Registration of Voters Acts and ", the word "other " and the words "that Court." Section seventy-five.

In section ninety-two, subsection (2).

The whole Act.

In the Schedule, so much of Article seven as relates to section seventy-five of the Local Government Act, 1888. The whole Act.

The whole Act.

In section ninety-nine, in subsection (1) the words from "and may be used" to the end and subsection (2).

In section twenty-one, the words from " nor shall he " to the words immediately before " and it shall not be lawful ".

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1341

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

8Edw. 7. c. 15. The Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1908. In section six, in subsection (2) the words from " or for any offence " to the words "Corrupt and Illegal Practices (Prevention) Act, 1883 ".

8Edw. 7. c. 66. The Public Meeting Act, 1908. In subsection (1) of section one, the words from " if the offence" to ‘‘other ca$e"; and the whole Act as respects meetings to which section eighty-four of this Act applies.

i A 2 Geo. 5. c. 7. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1911. The whole Act.

2 A 3 Geo. 5. The Sheriff Courts (Scot- In the First Schedule, the pro-

c. 28. land) Act, 1913. visions amending section twenty-one of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907.

7 A 8 Geo. 5. The Representation of the The Sixth Schedule so far as it

c. 64. People Act, 1918. relates to subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of the Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890.

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 13. The Local Elections (Expenses) Act, 1919. The whole Act.

12 A13 Geo. 5. The Expiring Laws Act, In Part I of the First Schedule,

c. 50. 1922. the provision relating to the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854.

15 A16 Geo. 5. The Supreme Court of In section thirty-one, in sub-

c. 49. Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925. section (1), paragraph (j).

19A20 Geo. 5. c. 17. The Local Government Act, 1929. Section eighty.

23 A24 Geo. 5. c. 27. The Blind Voters Act, 1933. The whole Act.

23 A24 Geo. 5. The Local Government Sections twelve to sixteen.

c. 51. Act, 1933. Sections twenty-six to thirty. Sections thirty-nine and forty. Sections fifty-three and fifty-four. In section fifty-five, in subsection (3) the words "and " the enactments applied by, " or parish election rules made under, this Act *\ In section sixty-seven, in subsection (1) the words from " and shall be conducted to the end of the subsection. Section sixty-nine.

9th Sch. —cont.

1342

Ch. 68

9th Sch.

—cont.

Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6-

Act, 1949

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

23 & 24 Geo. 5. The Local Government In section seventy, in sub-

c. 51—cont. Act, 1933—cont. section (2) the words "register of electors, electors list, nomination paper, ballot paper". Section seventy-one. In section seventy-two, subsection (4). Section seventy-three. In section seventy-four, in subsections (1) and (2) the words

"at an election under this Act or". Sections eighty and, save as it applies to polls consequent on a parish meeting, eighty-one. Section eighty-three. In section one hundred and five, subsection (3). In section one hundred and six, subsection (6). In section one hundred and eighty-seven, proviso (d) to subsection (2). In section two hundred and thirty-eight, in subsection (4) the words from " all the

provisions " to " auditors and". In section three hundred and five, the definition of "electoral area ". The Second Schedule.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Local Government The whole Act.

c. 59. (Hours of Poll) Act, 1938.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The London Government Sections twelve to sixteen.

c. 40. Act, 1939. Sections twenty-six to thirty. In section forty-two, in subsection (1) the words "and shall be conducted in the same manner as an ordinary election ". Section forty-four. In section forty-five, in sub-

section (2) the words "register of electors, electors list, nomination paper, ballot paper ". Section forty-six. In section forty-seven, sub* section (3). Sections forty-eight and forty-nine. Sections fifty-four and fifty-five. Section fifty-seven.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1343

2

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

& 3 Geo. 6. The London Government c. 40—cont. Act, 1939—cont.

In section seventy-six, subsection (5).

In section one hundred and twenty-two, proviso (d) to subsection (2).

In section two hundred and six.

the definition of "electoral area*.

The Second Schedule.

9th Sch.

—cont.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. The Parliament (Elections c. 48. and Meeting) Act, 1943.

Part II and the Fifth Schedule.

10 All Geo. 6. The Local Government c. 43. (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Sections seven to eleven.

Sections twenty-two to twenty-six.

Sections forty-four to forty-six.

In section fifty-nine, in subsection (3) the words "and shall be conducted " to " fix ", and the words "who shall appoint a returning officer for the purposes of the election ".

Sections sixty to sixty-two.

In section sixty-three, the words from "and the provisions" to the end.

In section sixty-four, in subsection (1) the words from " and the provisions " to the end of the subsection.

Sections sixty-five to sixty-eight.

In section three hundred and seventy-nine, in subsection (1) the definition of "electoral area".

The Second Schedule.

11 A12 Geo. 6. c. 65.

The Representation of the People Act, 1948.

In section one, subsections (2) and (3).

Section two.

Sections four to twenty.

Part II.

Sections thirty-two to fifty-one.

In section fifty-two, subsections (1), (2), (3), (4) and (6), in subsection (5) the words "an election court or ", the words "(whether under that section or otherwise)", and the words "by reference to section six or ten of the said Act ".

In section fifty-three, subsections (1) and (2).

1344 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

1949

9th Sch.

—corn.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Representation of the c. 65—cont. People Act, 1948—cont.

In section fifty-four, in subsection (1) the words "or Part IV of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882 ", and the words "or this Part of this Act ", and subsection (3).

In section fifty-five, subsection

(2).

Section fifty-six.

Section fifty-eight.

Sections sixty and sixty-one.

In section sixty-two, subsection

(8).

Section sixty-four.

Sections sixty-six to seventy-

one.

Section seventy-three.

In section seventy-four, subsection (4).

In section seventy-five, in subsection (1) paragraph ( ), and subsection (3).

In section seventy-six, subsections (1), (2) and (4).

In section seventy-seven, in subsection (1) the definitions of " county district " and " local government area ", and subsections (2), (3) and (4), in subsection (5) the words from " except that " to the end.

In section seventy-eight, subsection (4),and in subsection(3) the definition of "assessor ".

In section seventy-nine, in subsection (1) paragraphs (a) and (b).

In section eighty, subsections (1), (3) and (4), and in subsection (10) paragraph (a).

The Third, Fourth and Fifth Schedules.

In the Seventh Schedule, the amendment of the Second Schedule to the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947.

The Eighth and Ninth Schedules.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68

1345

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

11 &12 Geo. 6. c. 65—cont.

The Representation of the People Act, 1948—cont.

12 & 13 Geo. 6.

c. 41.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. xiv.

The Ireland Act, 1949 ...

The City of London (Various Powers) Act,

In the Tenth Schedule; in Part I; in paragraph 1 in sub-paragraph (1) the words from "and writs* to the end of the sub-paragraph; paragraphs 2, 3 and 4; in paragraph 5, in sub-para-graph (1) the words from the beginning to " under this Act and and the word "such and except so far as those provisions amend section fifteen of the Parliamentary Elections Art, 1868, the remainder of the sub-paragraph and sub-paragraph (2); paragraphs 6 and 7; in paragraph 8 sub-paragraph (2); in Part II; in paragraph 1, sub-para-graphs (1) and (2); paragraph 2; and in paragraph 5, the words "and any other " advance which is recover-" able in the same way as an " advance under that sec-" tion *.

The Twelfth Schedule.

Section six.

Section ten.

1949.

9th Sch.

—cont.

Acts of the Irish Parliament

40 Geo. 3. c. 29. An Act to regulate the mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons to serve in the United Kingdom on the part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament.

40 Geo. 3. c. 38. An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

In section seven, the words from " and such writs and the " returns to the end of the section.

In section eight, the words from " and such writs and the " returns to the end of the section.

1346 Ch. 68 Representation of the People 12 & 13 Geo. 6

1949

9th Sch. —cent.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

Orders in Council

S.R.AO., 1921, No. 1802.

S.R. &0., 1922, No. 1352.

S.R.AO., 1924, No. 927.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Northern Ireland) Order, 1921.

The Government of Ireland (Election Laws Adaptation) (Northern Ireland) Order, 1922.

The Election Laws (Northern Ireland) Order, 1924.

Article fourteen.

The whole Order.

The whole Order.

Order of the Secretary of Stath

S.I. 1949, The Election Laws (Adap- The whole Order.

No. 719. tation) Order, 1949.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Levy of Fines Act, 1822

County Police Act, 1839

County Police Act, 1840

Fines Act (Ireland), 1851

Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851 Election Commissioners Act, 1852 Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854 ... County and Borough Police Act, 1856 ... Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868

Bank Holidays Act, 1871

Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879 Municipal Corporations Act, 1882 Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention

Act, 1883

Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal

Practices) Act, 1884

Interpretation Act, 1889

Public Bodies Corrupt Practices Act, 1889

Rules Publication Act, 1893

Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907 Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910 Representation of the People Act, 1918 ... Income Tax Act, 1918

3 Geo. 4. c. 46.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 93.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 90.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 57.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 17.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 22.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 69.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 66.

3 Edw. 7. c. 25.

7 Edw. 7. c. 51.

10 Edw. 7 and 1 Geo. 5. c. 24.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 64.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 40.

1949

Representation of the People

Act, 1949

Ch. 68, 69

1347

Short Title Session and Chapter

Government of Ireland Act, 1920 Police Pensions Act, 1921 Local Government Act, 1933 London Government Act, 1939 Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947... Representation of the People Act, 1948 ... 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67. 11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 31. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 65.

CHAPTER 69

New Forest Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Constitution of verderers.

2. Qualification of elective verderers.

3. Qualification of electors.

4. Designation of lands entitled to rights of common.

5. Procedure for holding elections.

6. Transitional provisions as to election of verderers.

7. Constitution of electoral districts.

8. Courts of swainmote sitting in judicial capacity.

9. Byelaws and marking fees.

10. Amendment as to publication of accounts.

11. Duty of Forestry Commissioners as to drainage of Forest and

clearance of seedlings.

12. Enclosures for growth of timber.

13. Regeneration of ancient and ornamental woods.

14. Enclosures for cultivation and improvement of grazing.

15. Temporary enclosures in case of outbreaks of disease.

16. Trunk roads.

17. Roads other than trunk roads.

18. Power of Minister to grant licences.

19. Exchanges of land in the Forest

20. Expenses and receipts*

21. Orders and regulations.

22. Repeals.

23. Short title, construction and citation.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Preparation and Revision of Electoral Register. Second Schedule.—Enactments Repealed.

1348

Constitution of vcrderers.

Qualification of elective verderers.

Qualification of electors.

Ch. 69 New Forest 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

An Act to make further provision as respects the New Forest in the county of Southampton.

[24th November 1949.)

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The verderers of the New Forest shall consist of—

(a) the official verderer, who shall be appointed, and hold office, as provided by the New Forest Act, 1877 (hereinafter referred to as " the Act of 1877 ");

(b) five elective verderers who shall be elected, and hold office, as provided by the Act of 1877 and this Act;

(c) four appointed verderers, who shall hold office in accordance with such terms as may be specified on their respective appointments, and of whom one shall be appointed by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries (hereinafter referred to as " the Minister "), one by the Forestry Commissioners, one by the authority which is the local planning authority for the purposes of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and one by such body of persons as may be designated by the Minister as being specially concerned with the preservation of the amenity of the countryside; and accordingly in section fourteen of the Act of 1877 for the words "six elective verderers and of one official verderer " there shall be substituted the words "five elective verderers, one official verderer, and the four appointed verderers provided for by paragraph (c) of section one of the New Forest Act, 1949."

2.—(1) The qualification to be an elective verderer shall be the occupation of not less than one acre of land to which are attached rights of common of pasture over the Forest.

(2) An elective verderer who during his term of office ceases to be in occupation of land as aforesaid shall not thereby be disqualified, as respects that term of office, if the verderers resolve that it is expedient that he should continue in office.

3.—(1) The qualification for an elector at an election of elective verderers shall be that the elector is over the age of twenty-one and occupies not less than one acre of land, being land to which are attached rights of common over the Forest.

(2) The verderers shall prepare and maintain a register (hereinafter referred to as " the electoral register ") of the persons qualified as aforesaid, and at any election of elective verderers a person shall be entitled to vote if, and only if, he is for the time being registered in the electoral register.

1949

New Forest

Act, 1949

Ch. 69

1349

(3) A person entitled to vote at an election shall be entitled to give one vote for each vacancy for the filling of which the election is held, so however that he shall not give more than one vote for one candidate.

(4) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the preparation and revision of the electoral register.

(5) For the purposes of this section, two or more persons in joint occupation of any land shall be treated as each occupying a proportionate part of the land.

4.—(1) The Forestry Commissioners shall prepare a plan or Designation plans designating the lands to which, in accordance with the ^tiUedto register made in pursuance of the Acts of the fourteenth and rights of fifteenth years of the reign of Queen Victoria, chapter seventy- common, six and of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of that reign, chapter forty-nine, are attached rights of common over the Forest, specifying in relation to the lands the rights attached thereto respectively.

(2) On completion of the preparation of any plan the Commissioners shall publish, in such manner as they may determine to be best suited for bringing them to the notice of persons concerned, advertisements stating that the plan has been prepared and places where it may be inspected, and copies thereof may be made, at all reasonable hours, and the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to anything shown or omitted on the plan may be made to the Commissioners.

(3) If any objection is duly made to a plan and not withdrawn, the Commissioners shall refer the objection to a surveyor nominated by the President of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, and the surveyor shall determine the objection and direct what alterations of or additions to the particulars shown on the plan are to be made in consequence of his determination.

(4) On the determination of all objections duly made, or if no objections have been duly made then on the expiration of the time for making objections, the Commissioners shall cause two copies of the plan, or of the plan as modified in accordance with any direction of the surveyor under the last foregoing subsection, as the case may be, to be prepared, and the copies shall be certified by two of the verderers, of whom one shall be the official verderer.

(5) The copies certified under the last foregoing subsection shall be conclusive for all purposes whether any, and if so what, rights of common over the Forest are attached to any land shown on the plan.

(6) One of the said copies shall be deposited and kept at the Public Record Office, and the other shall be kept at the office

1350

Procedure for holding elections.

Transitional provisions as to election of verderers.

Constitution of electoral districts.

Ch. 69 New Forest 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

of the verderers and shall be available for inspection at all reasonable times on payment of such fee not exceeding one shilling as the verderers may determine.

5. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect as to the procedure for the election of a verderer.

(2) Where more candidates stand nominated than there are vacancies to be filled up, a poll shall be taken by secret ballot.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the Act of 1877, so far as in force, and to the foregoing provisions of this section, the procedure for the nomination of candidates, the places where polling stations are established, and the procedure for voting, the counting of votes and the declaration of the result of an election, shall be determined by regulations made by the Minister under this section.

(4) Regulations under this section shall provide for applying, subject to such adaptations, alterations and exceptions as appear to the Minister expedient, the enactments relating to the matters specified in the last foregoing subsection which apply to the election of county district councillors and the enactments relating to offences at such elections and corrupt and illegal practices in connection therewith.

6. —(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this section, the elective verderers holding office at the commencement of this Act shall continue to hold office as if this Act had not been passed.

(2) At the first election of elective verderers to be held after the commencement of this Act one verderer and no more shall be elected.

(3) The second election of elective verderers to be held after the commencement of this Act shall be postponed for one year, and the third such election to be so held shall be postponed for two years; and the term of office of elective verderers whose places will be filled at those elections shall be extended accordingly.

(4) Until such date as the Minister may by order appoint as being the date by which the necessary steps have been taken for the holding of elections of verderers as provided by this Act, the provisions of the Act of 1877 as to the qualification of elective verderers and of electors and the holding of elections shall continue in force as if this Act had not been passed.

7. —(1) The verderers may, at any time whether before or after the date appointed under subsection (4) of the last foregoing section, submit to the Minister a scheme for the division into five electoral districts of the aggregate of the lands to which are

1949

New Forest

Act, 1949

Ch. 69

1351

attached rights of common over the Forest, and for securing that each elective verderer will hold office as verderer for one of those districts.

(2) The Minister shall consider any scheme submitted to him under this section and may, if he thinks fit, by order make such provision as appears to him requisite for giving effect to the scheme either as submitted to him or subject to such modifications as, after consultation with the verderers, the Minister may determine.

(3) If it appears to the Minister expedient so to do before deciding whether or not to give effect to a scheme submitted to him under this section, the Minister may cause a local inquiry to be held.

(4) An order giving effect to a scheme under this section may contain such incidental, consequential and transitional provisions (including modifications or adaptations of section three of this Act, of the last foregoing section, and of the First Schedule to this Act) as appear to the Minister, after consultation with the verderers, requisite for the purposes of the order.

(5) Any scheme or order under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent scheme thereunder taking effect or made in like manner and subject to the like provisions.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section a scheme or order thereunder shall not take effect before the date appointed under subsection (4) of the last foregoing section.

8. —(1) A court of swainmote for the despatch of judicial courts of

business shall consist of the official verderer together with such swainmote four of the other verderers as may be nominated by the Lord sitting in Chancellor, of whom not less than three shall be elective verderers.

(2) Section twenty-four of the Act of 1877 (which contains provisions as to courts of swainmote) shall have effect subject to the provisions of this section, but nothing in this section shall prejudice the provisions of paragraph (d) of the said section twenty-four as to the quorum of a court.

9. —(1) The matters as to which under section twenty-five of Byelaws and the Act of 1877 the verderers may make, alter, add to or repeal marking fees, byelaws shall include—

(a) general measures for maintaining the health of animals at large in the Forest;

(b) the fixing, as respects the number of animals, or animals of any description, which may be depastured in the Forest by virtue of a right of common, of such limits as may be specified by or under the byelaws;

﻿1352

Ch. 69

New Forest

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

(c) the application to animals entitled to be in the Forest otherwise than by virtue of a right of common of the same provisions for marking and control as apply to animals entitled to be there by virtue of such a right;

(d) the varying of the payments specified in paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to the Act of 1877 in respect of the marking of animals and in respect of pigs turned out in pannage time;

(e) the removal of animals from the Forest where by reason of their behaviour it is inexpedient that they should be allowed to be at large therein;

(f) provisions for securing the ringing of pigs at large in the Forest.

(2) The power of the verderers under section two of the New Forest Act, 1879, to allow cattle and other animals belonging to persons not being commoners to depasture in the Forest shall include power to allow to depasture therein cattle and other animals belonging to commoners in excess of the number limited by virtue of byelaws under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section; and accordingly in die said section two after the word "belonging " there shall be inserted " to commoners in excess of the number they are entitled to depasture by virtue of their rights of common or belonging ",

(3) The power of the verderers under paragraph (3) of section twenty-three of the Act of 1877 to levy sums from the commoners by means of marking fees shall extend to all persons owning animals entitled to be in the Forest; and accordingly the said paragraph (3) shall have effect as if, for the words from " such sums " to the end, there were substituted the words "by means of a rate and payments not exceeding the scales specified in the First Schedule hereto, and to levy from all other persons owning cattle (including horses, donkeys, and mules), sheep and pigs entitled to be in the Forest by means of such payments as aforesaid, such sums as the verderers may require for paying the expenses of and incidental to the carrying into effect of their duties as verderers ".

(4) Byelaws made in the exercise of the power conferred by paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section may fix different rates of payment for different cases, and in particular may fix one rate in respect of animals depastured by virtue of a right of common and animals belonging to tenants of land vested in the Minister which are depastured by virtue of a licence granted on behalf of the Minister, and a higher rate in respect of other animals.

(5) Byelaws made under section twenty-five of the Act of 1877 after the commencement of this Act, and any alteration.

1949 New Forest Ch. 69

Act, 1949

addition or repeal made after the commencement of this Act of or to byelaws under that section, whenever they were made, shall be of no effect until confirmed by order of the Minister.

10. For the third paragraph of section thirty-eight of the Act of 1877 (which provides for publication in some newspaper circulating in the county of Southampton of a summary of the annual accounts of the verderers at each audit thereof, and for enabling commoners to obtain printed copies of the summary on payment of such sum, not exceeding one shilling, as may be prescribed by the verderers) there shall be substituted the following paragraph: —

" On the completion of the audit of the annual accounts of the verderers they shall publish in some newspaper circulating in the county of Southampton a notice stating that the audit has been completed, and specifying a place where, in accordance with the next following paragraph, the commoners may inspect the accounts and take copies thereof or extracts therefrom."

11. It shall be the duty of the Forestry Commissioners from time to time to carry out such work as appears to them after consultation with the verderers, and with due regard to the interests of amenity, reasonably necessary, or as the Minister may direct, for securing that the Forest will be properly drained, that culverts and bridges crossing drains or streams in the Forest (other than culverts or bridges which some other authority have power to maintain) will be properly maintained, and that the grazing will be kept sufficiently clear of coarse herbage, scrub and self-sown trees.

12. —(1) The verderers may from time to time on a presentment made to them by the Forestry Commissioners, after the publication by the Commissioners of such notice of the proposed presentment as appears to them requisite for informing persons concerned, authorise the enclosure by the Commissioners, for the purpose of growing timber, of such land in the Forest as the verderers may specify in addition to the land which may be enclosed apart from this section:

Provided that the power of the verderers under this section shall not be exercised so as to authorise in all the enclosure of more than five thousand acres of land.

(2) Section seven of the Act of 1877 (which provides for the appropriation of certain land and suspends rights of common and other rights subject to preservation of public rights of way) shall apply to land for the time being enclosed by virtue of this section as it applies to the land mentioned in the said section seven.

2 Y

1353

Amendment as to publication of accounts.

Duty of Forestry Commissioners as to drainage of Forest and clearance of seedlings.

Enclosures for growth of timber.

1354

Ch. 69

New Forest

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Regeneration of ancient and ornamental woods.

Enclosures for cultivation and improvement of grazing.

(3) The Forestry Commissioners shall make to the verderers in respect of land for the time being enclosed by virtue of this section payments of such amounts as may be agreed between the verderers and the Commissioners.

(4) The verderer appointed by the Forestry Commissioners shall not vote on any question arising on a presentment under this section.

13, —(1) For the purpose of giving effect to the requirements of section eight of the Act of 1877 that the ancient and ornamental woods in the Forest shall be preserved and of regenerating those woods, the verderers may, on a presentment made to them by the Forestry Commissioners, authorise the Commissioners in accordance with working plans made by the Commissioners and approved by the verderers—

(a) to enclose any parts of the said woods, in addition to any land which may be enclosed apart from this section;

(b) to carry out in enclosures made by virtue of this section such forestry operations as appear to the Commissioners to be requisite:

Provided that no one enclosure made by virtue of this section shall exceed twenty acres in area.

(2) Any enclosure made by virtue of this section shall be laid open so soon as the verderers with the agreement of the Forestry Commissioners determine that to do so will not prejudice the purpose for which the enclosure was made.

(3) While any land is enclosed by virtue of this section it shall be held free from all rights of the commoners but subject to any right of the public to use highways crossing the land.

14. —(1) The verderers may from time to time on a presentment made to them by the Minister, after the publication by the Minister of such notice of the proposed presentment as appears to him requisite for informing persons concerned, authorise the enclosure by the Minister, for the purpose of cultivation and the improvement of grazing, of such land in the Forest as the verderers may specify, in addition to the land which may be enclosed apart from this section:

Provided that the total area of land which may be enclosed at any one time by virtue of this section shall not exceed three thousand acres.

(2) The Minister shall make arrangements as respects land enclosed by virtue of this section for securing that the land will be cultivated by persons acting on behalf of the Minister, and that the land is so cultivated that after the growing over such

1949

New Forest

Act, 1949

Ch. 69

1355

period as he may determine of other crops the land will be left as permanent pasture and dealt with in accordance with subsection (4) of this section as soon as it appears to the Minister expedient so to do, but in any case not later than the expiration of such period as may have been agreed between the verderers and the Minister on the Minister being authorised to enclose the land or of that period as subsequently extended by the verderers.

(3) Where it is so agreed between the verderers and the Minister, the Minister shall make to the verderers in respect of land for the time being enclosed by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section payments of such amounts as may be specified in the agreement.

(4) Where land which has been enclosed by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section falls to be dealt with in accordance with this subsection, the verderers may either cause the land to be laid open without restriction or may, by enclosure or otherwise, prohibit or restrict the depasturing of animals thereon for such periods, to such extent and in such manner as they may consider necessary for the purpose of preserving the pasture.

(5) Land enclosed by virtue of this section shall, while it remains enclosed, be held free from all rights of the commoners, and those rights shall be subject to any restriction imposed under the last foregoing subsection; but no enclosure shall be made by virtue of this section so as to interfere with any right of the public to use highways crossing the land.

(6) The verderer appointed by the Minister shall not vote on any question arising on a presentment under this section.

15. —(1) In the event of an outbreak of contagious or Temporary

infectious disease the 'verderers may make arrangements for enclosures in enclosing land in the Forest for the purpose of keeping in j^reaks of animals. disease.

(2) Rights of the commoners over land in the Forest shall have effect subject to the powers conferred by this section, but those powers shall not be exercised so as to interfere with any right of the public to use any highway crossing such land.

(3) Any land enclosed by virtue of this section shall be laid open so soon as it appears to the verderers that the outbreak of disease rendering the enclosure necessary has come to an end.

16. —(1) The Minister may with the agreement of the Trunk roads, verderers transfer to the Minister of Transport land in the

Forest which is required by that Minister for the purposes of the Trunk Roads Acts, 1936 and 1946, in connection with any

2 Y 2

1356

Ch. 69

New Forest

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

improvement or diversion of the trunk road from Cadnam to Ringwood as existing at the commencement of this Act (hereinafter referred to as " the existing trunk road ").

(2) Where a transfer for which the agreement of the verderers is sought under the last foregoing subsection is of land exceeding one acre in area, application for the agreement of the verderers shall be made by presentment.

(3) The existing trunk road, and any land transferred to the Minister of Transport under this section, shall be deemed for the purposes of the said Acts of 1936 and 1946 to have been acquired by him under those Acts, and may be used by him in any manner requisite for the purpose of his functions under those Acts notwithstanding that the use thereof in that manner interferes with rights of the commoners.

(4) In respect of the transfer of land under this section, compensation shall be paid to the Minister and to the verderers of such amount as may be determined by the said Ministers after consultation with the verderers, being, in the case of compensation to the verderers, the amount so determined to represent the capital loss from the interference with the rights of the commoners.

(5) At any time after such date as the Minister of Transport may by order appoint he shall, notwithstanding anything in the Act of 1877 or any right of the commoners, have power to enclose the existing trunk road and any land transferred to him under this section, whether it was transferred before or after the said date:

Provided that—

(a) the said Minister shall not under this subsection erect any fence above the level of the road except after consultation with the verderers and the local planning authority for the purposes of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and with due regard to the interests of amenity;

(b) the said Minister shall provide such crossings as appear to him, after consultation with the verderers and the said local planning authority, to be reasonably necessary for enabling animals at large in the Forest to pass under or round enclosures made in the exercise of his powers under this subsection.

(6) The said Minister shall in carrying out the enclosure authorised by the last foregoing subsection take such steps as appear to him, after consultation with the verderers and the said local planning authority, reasonably practicable for securing that after the completion of the enclosure animals will be prevented from entering and leaving the Forest along the road:

Provided that in complying with this subsection the said Minister shall provide reasonable facilities for the passage of driven animals onto and off the Forest.

1949

New Forest

Act, 1949

Ch. 69

1357

(7) In respect of the power conferred by the last foregoing subsection, compensation shall be payable to the verderers for the interference with the exercise of the rights of the commoners, whether over the land authorised to be enclosed or other land, being compensation of such amount as may be determined by the said Ministers after consultation with the verderers to represent the capital loss from the said interference, and in determining the said amount regard shall be had, among other matters, to the extent to which that interference will be lessened by the provision of crossings.

(8) Compensation payable under subsection (4) of this section shall be payable on the transfer giving rights to the compensation, and compensation payable under the last foregoing subsection shall be payable on the date appointed under subsection

(5) of this section.

(9) If under the said Acts of 1936 and 1946 the existing trunk road is altered so as to include any part of another road in the Forest, and thereby any land in the Forest vests in the Minister of Transport, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply as if the land had then been transferred to him under subsection

(1) of this section:

Provided that—

(a) no compensation shall be payable to the Minister; and

(b) in determining compensation to the verderers the said Ministers shall have regard to the extent to which the rights of the commoners had been interfered with by reason of the existence of the said other road before it became part of the trunk road as well as to the other matters to which under the foregoing provisions of this section they are required to have regard.

(10) Any compensation payable under this section shall be paid out of the Road Fund.

17.—(1) Where a highway authority, other than the Minister Roads other of Transport, require any land in the Forest for the purposes of tha*j trunk any of their functions as a highway authority, they may apply to roads* the verderers for their agreement to the transfer of the land to the highway authority, and if the agreement of the verderers is given the Minister may transfer the land to the authority and thereupon it shall vest in them.

(2) Land transferred to a highway authority under the last foregoing subsection shall be deemed for the purposes of the enactments relating to their said functions to have been acquired by them under those enactments, and may be used by them in any manner requisite for the purposes of their said functions notwithstanding that the use thereof in that manner interferes with rights of the commoners; but nothing in this section shall authorise the fencing or other enclosure of the land.

1358

Ch. 69

New Forest

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

(3) In respect of the transfer of land under subsection (1) of this section compensation shall be paid by the highway authority to the Minister and the verderers respectively of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) in the case of the Minister, of such amount as may be

determined by the Minister and the Minister of Transport after consultation with the verderers and with the highway authority to represent the capital loss from the diminution attributable to the transfer in the revenue arising to the Minister from the granting (whether before or after the transfer) of such licences as are referred to in the next following section or from the granting of similar licences before the commencement of this Act;

(b) in the case of the verderers, of such amount as may be so

determined to represent the capital loss from the interference with the rights of the commoners.

(4) In the case of land in the Forest which has been used before the commencement of this Act for the purpose of any of the functions of a highway authority, that authority may apply to the verderers for their agreement to a direction under this subsection, and if the agreement of the verderers is given the Minister may direct that the land shall be deemed to have been transferred to, and vested in, the highway authority at the commencement of this Act.

(5) Subsection (2) of this section shall be deemed to have applied as from the commencement of this Act to any land as to which a direction under the last foregoing subsection is given, and as respects any such land compensation of such amount shall be paid by the highway authority to the verderers as may be determined by the Minister and the Minister of Transport, after consultation with the verderers and highway authority, to represent the capital loss from interference with the rights of the commoners by anything done or to be done on the land after the commencement of this Act.

(6) Where a transfer or direction for which the agreement of the verderers is sought under this section relates to land exceeding one acre in area, application for the agreement of the verderers shall be made by presentment.

(7) For the purposes of the enactments relating to the defraying of the expenditure of highway authorities and to grants in respect of such expenditure, any compensation payable under this section shall be treated as if it were compensation payable on the acquisition of land.

(8) The verderers shall not unreasonably withhold their agreement on any application under this section by a highway authority; and if any dispute arises as to whether their agreement has been unreasonably withheld the matter shall be referred to a

1949 New Forest Ch. 69

Act, 1949

single arbitrator agreed between the verderers and the authority or, failing agreement, appointed by the President of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors on an application made either by the verderers or by the authority after giving notice in writing to the other of them.

Subject to the foregoing provisions of this subsection, the provisions of the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934, shall apply to any reference under this subsection.

18,—(1) The Minister may, by licence granted for any period not exceeding sixty years and on such terms as to payments or otherwise and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the licence,—

(a) grant rights of way, and authorise the making of ways,

over land in the Forest for the benefit of land owned in severalty otherwise than by the Minister and surrounded by or abutting on the Forest;

(b) with the agreement of the verderers authorise the

placing on, over or under land in the Forest of lines for telegraphic or telephonic communication, lines for the supply of electric fight or power, and pipes, and of structures and works for use in connection with such fines or pipes;

(c) with the agreement of the verderers authorise the use

of land in the Forest for the purpose of recreation and the erection on such land of buildings or other works for that purpose and the enclosure of such land in so far as its enclosure is necessary to preserve the land for use for that purpose or to preserve buildings or works erected or constructed by virtue of this paragraph;

(d) with the agreement of the verderers authorise the appropriation of land in the Forest for parking places for vehicles and the enclosure of land so appropriated in so far as its enclosure is necessary to protect vehicles parked thereon.

(2) Land enclosed by virtue of this section shall be held free from all rights of the commoners, and anything authorised to be done under this section may be done notwithstanding that it interferes with such rights.

(3) As soon as may be after the end of each year in which any licence is granted under subsection (1) of this section the Forestry Commissioners shall ascertain the area of land in the Forest subject to rights of the commoners which have been abrogated or diminished in consequence of the granting of such licences during that year, and shall pay to the verderers such compensation in

1359

Power of Minister to grant licences.

1360

Exchanges of land in the Forest.

Expenses and receipts.

Orders and regulations.

Repeals.

Short title, construction and citation.

Ch. 69 New Forest 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

respect of the interference with the said rights of the commoners as the Forestry Commissioners may after consultation with the verderers determine.

(4) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, a licence under this section shall operate only so as to bind the interest of the Minister; and in particular—

(a) such a licence shall not dispense from compliance with

the requirements of any enactment;

(b) nothing in this section shall authorise interference with

any right of the public to use highways crossing land in the Forest.

19. The Minister may with the agreement of the verderers .direct that any unenclosed land in die Forest which is vested in the Minister shall be held by him on behalf of the Crown in severalty and free from all rights of the commoners, and that in exchange for that land any land vested in the Minister and surrounded by or abutting on the Forest, but not forming part thereof, shall become part of the Forest and subject to the like rights of common.

20. —(1) The expenses of the Minister under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and the receipts of the Minister thereunder in so far as they accrue under section fourteen of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer, and in so far as they accrue under sections sixteen to eighteen thereof shall be paid into the Forestry Fund.

(2) The expenses of the Forestry Commissioners under this Act shall be defrayed out of the Forestry Fund.

(3) Any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

21. Any power conferred by this Act on the Minister or the Minister of Transport to make orders or regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

22. Subject to the transitional provisions hereinbefore contained, the enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

23. —(1) This Act may be cited as the New Forest Act, 1949.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the New Forest Act, 1877, and that Act, the New Forest Act, 1879, and this Act may be cited together as the New Forest Acts, 1877 to 1949.

1949

1361

New Forest Ch. 69

Act, 1949

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Section 3.

Preparation and Revision of Electoral Register

1. The verderers shall prepare a draft of the electoral register, and shall cause notice of their intention to prepare the register and of the places where copies of the draft may be inspected, and extracts therefrom may be taken, at all reasonable times, and of the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to any entry or omission in the draft register may be made to the revising authority, to be published in such manner as the verderers may with the approval of the Minister determine to be best suited for informing persons concerned.

2. If any objection to the draft register is duly made, the revising authority, after affording to the objector and to any other person appearing to the authority to be concerned an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the revising authority for the purpose, shall determine the objection.

3. The decision of the revising authority on any objection shall be final.

4. As soon as may be after the determination of any objections duly made to the draft register, or if no objections thereto are duly made, then as soon as may be after the time for making objections has expired, the verderers shall prepare and publish the register in the form of the draft, subject to the modifications required by the determination of any objections.

5. The verderers shall revise the electoral register as at the first day of October in any year in which an election for an elective verderer is to be held, and the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall with the necessary modifications apply to the revision of the register as they apply to the preparation thereof.

6. For the purposes of this Schedule the revising authority shall be the sheriff of the county of Southampton.

7. The expenses of the revising authority shall be defrayed out of the funds in the hands of the verderers.

8. The Forestry Commissioners shall make good to the verderers any reasonable expenditure incurred or to be incurred by the verderers in connection with the preparation, maintenance or evision of the electoral register.

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 22.

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter 1 Short Title 1 Extent of Repeal

40 & 41 Vict, c. exxi. The New Forest Act, 1877. In section fourteen, the words from "The first* to "under this Act*; sections fifteen, seventeen and eighteen; in section nineteen, the words

2 y*

1362

Ch. 69

New Forest

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

2nd Sch

—cont.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

40 & 41 Vict. The New Forest Act,

c. exxi.—cont. 1877—cont.

42 & 43 Vict. The New Forest Act,

c. cxciv. 1879.

from the beginning to " coming into office ", where those words occur for the third time; in section twenty-four, paragraph (n); in section twenty-five the words in paragraph 1 from 44 by excluding* to " infectious disease *, the words from " Any byelaw *’ to " Southampton *’, the words14 by the said court and the words from 44 and any person’* to the end of the section; in section twenty-six, the words 44 second and and the words44 the register of commoners and *; sections twenty-seven, twenty-eight and thirty-one; in section thirty-two the words from 44 in relation to 44otherwise"; section thirty-nine; the Second Schedule; in the Third Schedule, the words from "The first election" to 44by such election", and the words from 44 On every occasion to 44 whether elected or not *.

In section two the words from 44 on payment of such sums ’* to 44 the persons subjected thereto were commoners *.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

New Forest Act, 1877 New Forest Act, 1879 Trunk Roads Act, 1936 Trunk Roads Act, 1946 Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 Local Government Act, 1948 40 & 41 Vict. c. exxi. 42 & 43 Vict. c. cxciv. 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 5. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 30. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

1949 Docking and Nicking Ch. 70 1363

Horses Act, 1949

CHAPTER 70

An Act to restrict the docking and nicking of horses and the importation of docked horses.

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Save as hereinafter provided, the docking or nicking Prohibition of of horses is prohibited. docking and

nicking except

(2) The operation of docking or of nicking may be performed in certain cases, in any case in which a member of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons, after examination of the horse, has certified in writing that the operation is in his opinion necessary for the health of the horse because of disease or injury to the tail

(3) Any person who performs such an operation as aforesaid in contravention of the provisions of this section or who causes or permits such an operation to be so performed, shall be liable upon summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and^such imprisonment.

2.—(1) No docked horse coming from a place outside the Restriction on United Kingdom shall be landed from a ship or aircraft unless landing docked die landing is permitted by an officer of Customs and Excise or horses, licensed by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(2) An officer of Customs and Excise shall not grant any such permission as aforesaid unless he is satisfied that the horse will be exported from Great Britain as soon as practicable; and the said Minister shall not grant any such licence as aforesaid unless he is satisfied on the representation of the person applying for the licence or otherwise that it is intended that the horse shall be used for breeding purposes.

(3) Any person who—

(a) lands a horse, or causes or permits a horse to be landed, in contravention of subsection (1) of this section; or

(b) for the purposes of obtaining any such permission of an officer of Customs and Excise as aforesaid makes any statement that he knows to be false in a material

2 Y • 2

1364

Interpretation.

Application to Scotland.

Short title, citation and commencement

Ch. 70 Docking and Nicking of 12 & 13. Gbo. 6

Horses Act, 1949

particular or recklessly makes any statement that is false in a material particular,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a customs penalty not exceeding twenty-five pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such a penalty and such imprisonment.

(4) Any person who for the purposes of obtaining any such licence of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries as aforesaid makes any statement that he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes any statement that is false in a material particular shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such a fine and such imprisonment.

(5) This section shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

3. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" docking" means the deliberate removal of any bone or any part of a bone from the tail of a horse, and the expression "docked" shall be construed accordingly;

" horse " includes stallion, gelding, colt, mare, filly, pony, mule and hinny;

" nicking" means the deliberate severing of any tendon or muscle in the tail of a horse, and the expression " nicked " shall be construed accordingly.

4. In the application of this Act to the landing of any horse in Scotland, for any reference to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Docking and Nicking of Horses Act, 1949.

(2) This Act shall, save as otherwise provided, come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1949

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act, 1949 Ch. 71

1365

CHAPTER 71

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[24th November 1949.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire—

(a) as respects those mentioned in Part 1 of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-nine; and

(b) as respects those mentioned in Part II of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1.—(1) The Acts mentioned in Part I of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be continued until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be continued until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-one.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary in their duration shall, in so far as they amend or affect any enactment continued by the foregoing provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner as that enactment whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1949.

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has not power to make laws, but, save as hereinbefore provided, shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

Continuance of Acts in Schedule.

Short title and application to Northern Ireland.

1366

Ch. 71 Expiring Laws 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Continuance Act, 1949

SCHEDULE

Part I

1 2 3 4

Session and Short Title How far Amending

Chapter Continued Acts

(1) 9 & 10 Geo. 5. The Aliens Restriction Section one

c. 92. (Amendment) Act, 1919.

(2)

24 &25 Geo. 5. The Cotton Manufac- Sections one —

c. 30. (3) 24 & 25 Geo. 5. turing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934. and two.

The Road Traffic Act, Section one 1 Edw. 8.

c. 50. (4) 1 it 2 Geo. 6. 1934. 1 Geo. 6. c. 5.

The Population (Statis- The whole Act 1 & 2 Geo. 6.

c. 12. (5) 2 & 3 Geo. 6. tics) Act, 1938. c. 55.

The Prevention of Vio- The whole Act -

c. 50. lence (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939.

(6) r*

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Education (Exemp- The whole Act —

c. 36. tions) (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Part n

(7)

6 & 7 Geo. 6. The Rent of Furnished The whole Act 10 & 11 Geo. 6.

c. 44. Houses Control (Scot- c. 43.

land) Act, 1943. 12 & 13 Geo. 6.

c. 40.

(8)

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Furnished Houses The whole Act 12 & 13 Geo. 6.

c. 34. (Rent Control) Act, 1946. c. 40.

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

CHAPTER 72

Iron and Steel Act, 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

The Iron and Steel Corporation op Great Britain

Section

1. The Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain.

2. Powers of the Corporation.

3. General duty of the Corporation.

4. Powers of the Minister in relation to the Corporation.

5« Subsidy in respect of imported materials.

6. Appointment of Consumers* Council and committees.

7. Compulsory purchase of land.

8. Power of Corporation to promote and oppose Bills.

9. Corporation not to be exempt from taxation, etc.

10. Liability of Corporation in actions, etc.

Part II

Acquisition of Securities of certain Iron and Steel Undertakings and certain other Assets

Acquisition of securities

11. Transfer to Corporation of securities of scheduled companies.

12. Effect of transfer of securities to Corporation.

13. Disclaimer of agreements and leases.

14. Effect of Act on certain loan and other agreements.

15. Compensation to holders of securities.

16. Valuation of securities affected by transfer of property from one

company to another.

17. Stockholders* representatives.

Payments of dividends and interest pending transfer

18. Control of dividends, interest and other payments.

19. Final payment of dividends and interest.

Safeguarding of assets pending transfer

20. Power to acquire securities of certain additional companies.

21. Removal of company from Third Schedule.

22. Prohibition of transfer of iron and steel works.

23. Recovery of assets transferred by a company which comes into

public ownership,

24. Dissipation of assets by transactions involving payments, distribu-

tions etc. to members of company.

25. Other transactions resulting in dissipation of assets.

26. Supplementary provisions relating to dissipation of assets.

27. Approvals and undertakings given before passing of Act.

Transfer of certain assets of Ministers and Government departments

28. Transfer of certain assets of Ministers and Government departments to the Corporation.

1367

1368

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III

Licensing of Businesses not acquired by Corporation Section

29. Activities in Second Schedule not to be carried on except under

licence.

30. Rights of existing businesses.

Part IV Finance

31. Revenues of Corporation to be sufficient to meet outgoings.

32. Borrowing powers of the Corporation and of publicly-owned com-

panies.

33. British Iron and Steel Stock.

34. Treasury guarantees.

35. General reserve.

36. Ordinary powers of investment

37. Sums which are to be chargeable to revenue account.

38. Accounts and audit and statistics.

Part V

Miscellaneous and General Conditions of employment, pension rights and compensation of officers

39. Machinery for settling terms and conditions of employment of

staff, etc.

40. Provisions as to pension rights.

41. Compensation to officers in connection with transfers.

42. Additional provisions as to referees appointed by Minister of

Labour.

Iron and Steel Arbitration Tribunal

43. Establishment of Iron and Steel Arbitration Tribunal.

44. Procedure and enforcement of orders of arbitration tribunal.

45. Transfer of proceedings from England to Scotland and from Scot-

land to England.

46. Staff and expenses of arbitration tribunal.

Other miscellaneous and general provisions

47. Duty of Corporation, 'National Coal Board, Gas Council and Area

Gas Boards to consult with respect to carbonisation development.

48. Treatment of land after extraction of iron ore.

49. Liability of Corporation for debts of publicly-owned companies.

50. Constitution and proceedings of publicly-owned companies.

51. Regulations.

52. Duty to furnish information.

53. Disclosure of information.

54. False information.

55. Provisions as to prosecutions and as to offences by corporations.

56. Service of notices, etc.

57. Expenses of the Minister.

58. Saving for control powers of Ministers and Government depart-

ments under other enactments.

59. Interpretation.

60. Application to Scotland.

61. Short title and extent.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1369

Schedules :

First Schedule.—Provisions as to Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain.

Second Schedule.*—Iron and steel activities.

Third Schedule.—Companies which fulfil condition for vesting of their securities.

Fourth Schedule.—Issue of British Iron and Stejpl Stock in satisfaction of compensation.

Part I.—Provisions applicable to securities with values determined before the date of transfer.

Part II.—Provisions applicable to other securities.

Fifth Schedule.—Provisions as to office of stockholders’ representative, meetings of holders of securities and incidental matters.

Sixth Schedule.—Acquisition of certain assets.

Seventh Schedule.—Provisions as to British Iron and Steel Stock.

Eighth Schedule.—Matters to be expressly stated in auditors' report.

Ninth Schedule.—Modifications as to constitution and proceedings of publicly-owned companies.

CHAPTER 72

An Act to provide for the establishment of an Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain and for defining their functions, and for the transfer to that Corporation of the securities of certain companies engaged in the working, getting and smelting of iron ore, the production of steel, and the shaping of steel by rolling, and of certain property and rights held by a Minister of the Crown or Government department; for the licensing of persons engaged in any such activities; for co-ordinating the activities of the Corporation, the National Coal Board and the Area Gas Boards relating to carbonisation; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same as follows:—

Part I.

The Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain.

1.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, there shall be a public The Iron and authority to be called the Iron and Steel Corporation of Greatsteel Britain (in this Act referred to as " the Corporation ").

(2) The Corporation shall consist of a chairman and not less Britain, than six nor more than ten other members, and the chairman and all other members shall be appointed by the Minister from amongst persons appearing to him to be persons who have had wide experience of, and shown capacity in, the

1370

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part I. —coni.

production of iron ore or iron or steel, industrial, commercial or financial matters, administration or the organisation of workers.

(3) The Minister shall not appoint any member of the Corporation before the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

(4) Every member of the Corporation shall hold and vacate his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall, on ceasing to be a member, be eligible for re-appointment:

Provided that any member may at any time by notice in writing to the Minister resign his office.

(5) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Corporation so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament.

(6) Before appointing a person to be a member of the Corporation, the Minister shall satisfy himself that that person will have no such financial or other interest as is likely to affect prejudicially the exercise or performance by him of his functions as a member of the Corporation and the Minister shall also satisfy himself from time to time with respect to every member of the Corporation that he has no such interest; and any person who is, or whom the Minister proposes to appoint and who has consented to be, a member of the Corporation shall, whenever requested by the Minister so to do, furnish to him such information as the Minister considers necessary for the performance by the Minister of his duties under this subsection.

(7) A member of the Corporation who is in any way directly or indirectly interested in a contract made or proposed to be made by the Corporation, or in any contract made or proposed to be made by a subsidiary of the Corporation which is brought up for consideration by the Corporation, shall, as soon as possible after the relevant circumstances have come to his knowledge, disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Corporation; and the disclosure shall be recorded in the minutes of the Corporation, and the member shall not take any part after the disclosure in any deliberation or decision of the Corporation with respect to that contract.

(8) The Minister may appoint one or more members of the Corporation to be deputy chairman or deputy chairmen of the Corporation.

(9) The Corporation—

(a) shall pay to their members such remuneration (whether by way of salaries or fees) and such allowances as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine; and

1949

Iron and Steel Act, 1949. Ch. 72. 1371

(b) on the retirement or death of any of their members as to whom the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine that such provision should be made, shall pay to or in respect of them such pensions as he may so determine.

(10) The Minister shall, as soon as possible after the passing of this Act, lay before each House of Parliament a statement of the remuneration and allowances that are or will be payable under the last preceding subsection to the members of the Corporation, and, if any subsequent determination by him under the last preceding subsection involves any departure from the terms of the said statement, or if a determination by him under that subsection provides for the payment of a pension to or in respect of any member of the Corporation, the Minister shall as soon as possible after the determination lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament.

(11) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Corporation.

2.—(i) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Corporation shall have power—

(a) to hold such interests in companies as vest in them under Part II of this Act, and to acquire by agreement and to hold interests in any company whose activities, including the activities of any subsidiary of the company, consist wholly or mainly of activities which any publicly-owned company (as defined in section fifty-nine of this Act) is immediately before the acquisition authorised by its memorandum of association or, as the case may be, by its charter of incorporation or other charter, to carry on;

(b) to form, or take part in forming, any company for the purpose of the carrying on by the company of any activities which any publicly-owned company is immediately before the formation of the new company so authorised to carry on, or of the exercise by the new company of any powers conferred on the Corporation by the following provisions of this section, or of the acquisition and holding by the new company of such interests in other companies as the Corporation have power to acquire and hold; and

(c) to exercise all rights conferred by the holding of interests in companies:

Provided that—

(i) the Corporation shall not, without the consent in writing of the Minister, exercise their powers under this subsection so as to bring any company into public

Part I. — com

Powers of the Corporation.

1372

Part I. —am

General duty of the

Corporation.

Ch. 72 Iron end Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

ownership or form a publicly-owned company, if the consequence thereof would be to increase the sum of the activities which the publicly-owned companies are authorised as aforesaid to carry on;

(ii) nothing in this subsection shall prejudice the powers of investment conferred on the Corporation by Part IV of this Act.

(2) The Corporation shall have power—

(a) to conduct research into any matters affecting the activities which any publicly-owned company is for the time being authorised as aforesaid to carry on, and to assist other persons conducting such research;

(b) to provide for the publicly-owned companies, or for any group of such companies, any services which in the opinion of the Corporation can conveniently be provided as common services for those companies or that group thereof.

(3) The Corporation shall have power, with the consent in writing of the Minister, to carry on any other activities which, at the time when the consent is given, any publicly-owned company is authorised as aforesaid to carry on.

(4) The Corporation shall have power to do any thing or to enter into any transaction (whether or not involving the expenditure, the borrowing in accordance with the provisions of this Act or the lending of money, the acquisition of any property or rights or the disposal of any property or rights) which m their opinion is calculated to facilitate the proper carrying on of their activities or the proper exercise of their powers under the preceding provisions of this section.

(5) Any reference in this section to interests in a company includes a reference to rights in respect of money lent to the company or guarantees given for the benefit of the company.

(6) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the preceding provisions of this section relate only to the capacity of the Corporation as a statutory corporation, and nothing in the said provisions shall be construed as authorising the disregard by the Corporation of any enactment or rule of law.

3.—(1) It shall be the general duty of the Corporation so to exercise their powers as—

(a) to promote the efficient and economical supply of the products of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act, and to secure that those products are available in such quantities, and are of such types, qualities and sizes, and are

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

available at such prices, as may seem to the Corporation best calculated to satisfy the reasonable demands of the persons who use those products for manufacturing purposes and to further the public interest in all respects;

(6) to secure that neither the Corporation nor any publicly-owned company shall show undue preference to, or exercise unfair discrimination against, any such persons or any class thereof in the supply and price of those products, but without prejudice to such variations in the terms and conditions on which those products are supplied as may arise from ordinary commercial considerations or from the public interest; and

(c) to secure the largest degree of decentralisation consistent with the proper discharge by the Corporation of their duties under the preceding provisions of this section and under any other provision of this Act.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be construed as imposing on the Corporation, either directly or indirectly, any form of duty or liability enforceable by proceedings before any court.

4.—(1) The Minister may, after consultation with the Powers of the Corporation, give to the Corporation directions of a general Minister in character as to the exercise and performance by the Corpora- <^ration tion of their functions (including the exercise of rights con- ferred by the holding of interests in companies) in relation to matters which appear to him to affect the national interest, and the Corporation shall give effect to any such directions.

(2) In carrying out any such measure of reorganisation or any such work of development as involves substantial outlay on capital account, ana in securing the carrying out by publicly-owned companies of any such measure or work, the Corporation shall act in accordance with a general programme settled from time to time with the approval of the Minister.

(3) In making or securing provision for the training and education of persons employed by the Corporation or any publicly-owned company, and for research, the Corporation shall act in accordance with a general programme settled as aforesaid.

(4) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, the Minister may, after consultation with the Corporation, direct the Corporation—

(a) to discontinue or restrict any of their activities or to dispose of any part of their assets; or

(b) to secure the discontinuance or restriction of any of the activities of a publicly-owned company, or the

1373

Part I.

—cont.

1374

Part I.

—cont.

Subsidy in respect of imported materials.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

disposal of the whole or any part of the assets of any such company, or the winding up of any such company;

and the Corporation shall give effect to any such direction:

Provided that—

(i) the Minister shall not give any direction under this

subsection unless he is satisfied that it can be given effect to without prejudice to the proper discharge of the duties of the Corporation under this Act; and

(ii) after the expiration of five years from the general date of transfer, a direction under this subsection shall only be given by order.

(5) The Corporation shall furnish the Minister with such returns, accounts and other information with respect to their property and activities, and the property and activities of the publicly-owned companies, as he may from time to time require.

(6) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last preceding subsection, the Corporation shall, as soon as possible after the end of each financial year of the Corporation, make to the Minister a report on the exercise ana performance by the Corporation of their functions during that year and on their policy and programme, and the report shall include a general account of the activities of the publicly-owned companies, and the Minister shall lay a copy of every such report before each House of Parliament.

(7) The report made under the last preceding subsection for any year shall set out any direction given by the Minister to the Corporation during that year unless the Minister has notified to the Corporation his opinion that it is against the interests of national security to do so or the Minister accepts the contention of the Corporation that it is contrary to the commercial interests of the Corporation to do so.

5. Where the Corporation have acquired, with the general or special approval of the Minister, any imported materials for the purpose of the canying on by them or any other person of any of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act, or any imported iron or steel in any form, and the total cost of such imported materials or iron or steel, including any expenses incurred in or in connection with the transport thereof and any import duty payable thereon, exceeds the price at which any such imported materials or iron or steel are sold in Great Britain by the Corporation, the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, pay to the Corporation out of moneys provided by Parliament an amount not exceeding the difference between the cost and the price aforesaid.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1375

6.—(i) A Council, to be known as the Iron and Steel Con- Part i.

sumers' Council and hereafter in this section referred to as —coni.

"the Council,'1 shall, not later than six months after the Appointment general date of transfer, be established for the purposes mentioned in this section. gJSSd

(2) The Council shall consist of— committees.

(a) an independent chairman appointed by the Minister;

(b) not less than fifteen nor more than thirty other persons appointed by the Minister, after consultation with such bodies (which may include organisations representing workers) as he thinks fit, to represent the interests of persons (hereafter in this section referred to as " the consumers ") who are consumers of the products of any of the principal activities of the Corporation and the publicly-owned companies; and

(c) two members of the Corporation nominated by the Corporation.

(3) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being the chairman of the Council so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament, but a member of the Council other than the chairman and a member of any committee appointed by the Council under this section shall not by reason of his appointment as such a member be disqualified for being elected to, or for sitting or voting as a member of, the Commons House of Parliament.

(4) The Council shall be charged with the duties—

(a) of considering any matter affecting the interests of the consumers (including prices), being a matter which is the subject of a representation made to them by any of the consumers or which appears to the Council to be a matter to which consideration ought to be given apart from any such representation, and, where action appears to them to be requisite as to any such matter, of notifying their conclusions to the Corporation;

(b) of considering and reporting to the Minister or the Corporation on any matter referred to the Council by the Minister or the Corporation;

(c) of considering and making recommendations to the Minister with respect to any representations which may be made to them by any person who has applied for a licence required under section twenty-mne of this Act in regard to such application; and

(d) of making representations to the Minister on such matters affecting the interests of the consumers as the Council think necessary.

1376

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part I. —coni.

(5) The Council shall send to the Minister copies of any conclusion notified or report made to the Corporation, and shall send to the Corporation copies of any report or representation made to the Minister.

(6) The Minister may give directions to the Corporation on any matter arising out of any conclusion, report or representation made to him or to the Corporation by the Council, and shall inform the Council of any directions so given, and the Corporation shall give effect to any such directions.

(7) The chairman of the Council shall, on a request made by not less than six members other than members nominated by the Corporation, call a meeting at which the members nominated by the Corporation shall not be entitled to be present, but no report or representation in respect of the matters discussed at any such meeting shall be made to the Minister, unless the decision to do so has been approved at a meeting of the Council at which the members nominated by the Corporation were entitled to be present.

(8) The Council may, with the approval of the Minister, appoint committees, consisting wholly or partly of persons who are not members of the Council, to consider and report to the Council upon matters affecting the interests of particular classes of the consumers, whether defined by reference to locality, the products concerned or otherwise, and the Council shall, before appointing the members of any such committee, consult with such organisations representing the consumers concerned and their workers as the Minister may determine.

(9) The Council may appoint committees, consisting wholly of members of the Council, to consider and report to the Council on any matter referred to them by the Council.

(10) The Council shall, with the approval of the Minister, make rules with respect to the quorum, proceedings, meetings and determinations of the Council and any committee appointed by the Council, and copies of the minutes of the proceedings of the Council, except proceedings at meetings called under subsection (7) of this section, and of the proceedings of every such committee shall be sent to the Corporation.

(n) The Council may, subject to the approval of the Minister as to numbers, appoint such officers as appear to the Council to be requisite for the proper exercise and performance of their functions (including the functions of any committee appointed by the Council).

(12) The Corporation shall pay to the members of the Council or of any such committee such allowances in respect of any loss of remunerative time and such travelling

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1377

allowances and allowances in respect of their out-of-pocket Part i. expenses, and to the officers of the Council such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances, as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine, and may pay to the chairman of the Council such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) as the Minister may with such approval determine, and shall pay such expenses incurred by the Council or any such committee as the Minister may with such approval determine.

(13) Every member of the Council and of every committee appointed by the Council shall hold and vacate his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment.

(14) The Council shall be furnished by the Corporation with such office accommodation as appears to the Corporation to be requisite for the proper exercise and performance of their functions (including the functions of any such committee as aforesaid) or as may be directed by the Minister.

(15) The Council shall, as respects each financial year of the Corporation, make to the Minister a report on the exercise and performance by the Council and the committees appointed by them of their functions during that year, and the Minister shall lay a copy of every such report before each House of Parliament.

(16) The Minister may, after consultation with the Council and toe Corporation, by regulations make such modifications of the preceding provisions of this section as may appear to him to be desirable for the purpose of securing more effective machinery for the safeguarding of the interests of the consumers.

7.—(1) The Minister may authorise the Corporation to Compulsory purchase compulsorily any land required for the exercise and Purchase of performance of their functions or the carrying on of any n activity by a publicly-owned company, and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946 (except section two thereof) shall apply as if the Corporation were a local authority within the meaning of that Act and as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act:

Provided that the Minister shall not authorise under this section the acquisition by the Corporation for the purpose of the carrying on of any activity by them or any publicly-owned company of land which is being used wholly or mainly by any other person for the purpose of carrying on that activity or for purposes incidental to the carrying on of that activity.

1378

Part I.

—cont.

Power of Corporation to promote and oppose Bills.

Corporation not to be exempt from taxation, etc.

Liability of Corporation in actions, etc.

Transfer to Corporation of securities of scheduled companies.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) Paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section five of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 (which enables land to be designated in a development plan as land subject to compulsory acquisition by any Minister, local authority or statutory undertakers) and section nine of that Act (which provides that in certain circumstances such land may cease to be so designated) shall have effect as if the references therein to any Minister, local authority or statutory undertakers included references to the Corporation and as if, in the said section nine, the words " who could be authorised to acquire it compulsorily under the provisions of this Act " were deemed not to apply to the Corporation.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the Corporation are a public authority within the meaning of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919.

8. The Corporation may, with the consent of the Minister, promote Bills in Parliament and may, without any such consent, oppose any Bill in Parliament.

9. Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to exempt the Corporation from liability for any tax, duty, rate, levy or other charge whatsoever, whether general or local.

10. —(1) The Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893, and section twenty-one of the Limitation Act, 1939, shall not apply to any action, prosecution or proceeding against the Corporation, or for or in respect of any act, neglect or default done or committed by a servant or agent of the Corporation in his capacity as a servant or agent of theirs.

(2) In their application to any action against the Corporation sections two and three of the Limitation Act, 1939 (which relate to the limitation of actions of contract and tort, and certain other matters) shall have effect with the substitution for references therein to six years of references to three years:

Part II.

Acquisition of Securities of Certain Iron and Steel Undertakings and certain other Assets.

Acquisition of .

11.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, all securities of the companies specified in the Third Schedule to this Act shall, on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, or such date later, but not more than twelve

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1379

months later, than the date aforesaid, as the Minister may by order substitute for the date aforesaid, vest in the Corporation by virtue of this Act, free of all trusts and encumbrances:

Provided that—

(a) the Minister may, after consultation with the Corporation, on a recommendation by any company specified in die said Third Schedule to the effect that the vesting of the securities of that company under this section ought to be postponed to a later date specified in the recommendation, by order direct that this section shall have effect accordingly;

(b) this section shall not apply to securities the whole of

the beneficial interest m which is, immediately before the date of transfer, held by any company which is publicly-owned or will come into public ownership on that date;

(c) this section shall not apply to securities created by any company specified in the said Third Schedule as collateral security for a loan to that company, and any such securities shall be cancelled as from the date of transfer.

(2) References in this Act to " the date of transfer " shall be construed—

(a) in relation to any company whose securities vest in the Corporation by virtue of this Act, as referring to the date on which those securities so vest; and

(b) in relation to any other company which comes into public ownership under this Part of this Act, as referring to the date on which that company comes into public ownership;

and references to "the general date of transfer " shall be construed as referring to the said first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, or the date substituted for that date by order of the Minister under the preceding subsection.

(3) The companies specified in the Third Schedule to this Act are, subject as hereinafter provided, those which in the Minister's opinion fulfil the conditions set out in one or other of the following paragraphs, namely—

(a) that the company, on the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, was carrying on one or more of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act and was operating works which produced during the years nineteen hundred and forty-six and nineteen hundred and forty-seven an average annual output of the products of any one of the said activities

Part II.

—cont.

1380

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II.

—cont.

Effect of transfer of securities to Corporation.

not less than the quantity specified in the second column of the said Schedule in relation to that activity; or

(b) that the company, being a subsidiary or holding company of a company which fulfils the condition set out in the preceding paragraph, owned on the said day the whole, or a substantial or essential part, of such works as aforesaid which the last-mentioned company was then operating:

Provided that the said Third Schedule does not include any company whose main activity on the said day consisted of the manufacture of motor vehicles or any company in whose case—

(i) the average annual output during the said years of

the products of each of the said activities carried on by die company on the said day, being the output of works operated by the company on the said day, was less than fifty thousand tons; and

(ii) the total number of persons employed by the company on the said day wholly or mainly for the purposes of the said activities was not more than fifteen per cent, of the total number of persons employed by the company on that day, no account being taken in either case of persons wholly or mainly employed in administrative or clerical work or on the provision of services common to the said activities and other activities of the company, including welfare and recreational services.

(4) For the purposes of this Act, where any company has at any time changed its name from the name by which it is referred to in the Third Schedule to this Act, the said Schedule shall have effect as if the new name, or any subsequent name, were substituted for the name set out in the said Schedule.

12. The Corporation shall, in respect of the securities of any company which vest in them by virtue of this Act, be entitled or subject, as from the date of transfer, to the exclusion of the previous holders thereof, to all the rights, privileges and advantages, and all the liabilities and obligations, arising from the holding of those securities, in all respects as if the securities had been duly transferred to the Corporation in accordance with the enactments and rules of Jaw (other than this Act) applicable thereto and everything necessary to make those rights, privileges, advantages, liabilities and obligations, fully effective had been duly done; and, without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, all persons concerned with the keeping of the

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1381

register of the holders of any such securities shall forthwith Part II. register the Corporation therein and the company shall forth- —cont with issue to the Corporation the appropriate documents of title relating to the securities of the company vesting in them as aforesaid.

13.—(i) Where any company which comes into public Disclaimer of ownership under this Part of this Act has made or varied ag^ment* an agreement or lease on or after the twenty-first day of Octo-311 ber, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, and before the date of transfer, and the agreement or lease remains unperformed or unexpired, in whole or in part, on the date of transfer, and the Corporation are of the opinion that the making or variation of that agreement or lease was not reasonably necessary for the purposes of the activities of the company, or that the agreement or lease was made or varied with an unreasonable lack of prudence on the part of the company, regard being had in either case to the circumstances at the time, the company shall, if " ‘ ~

ment or lease at any time within six months after the date of transfer, disclaim the agreement or lease:

Provided that any of the said other parties may, within two months after the date on which the notice is served, refer to arbitration under this Act the question whether or not the agreement or lease ought to be disclaimed under this section, and the Corporation (as well as the publicly-owned company) shall be made a party to the arbitration.

(2) If the arbitration tribunal are satisfied on any such reference that the making or variation of the agreement or lease was not reasonably necessary for the purposes of the activities of the company, or that the agreement or lease was made or varied with an unreasonable lack of prudence on the part of the company, regard being had m either case to the circumstances at the time, the tribunal shall confirm the notice and if not so satisfied shall revoke it:

Provided that, if the arbitration tribunal are satisfied of the matters aforesaid but are also satisfied that the making or variation of the agreement or lease was a proper transaction made in the ordinary course of business, regard being had to the circumstances at the time, and was in no way connected with any provision made by this Act or with any anticipation of the making of any such provision, the tribunal shall revoke the notice.

(3) Where a notice is so given by a company with respect to any agreement or lease and is not revoked by the arbitration tribunal, the agreement shall be deemed to be frustrated

by notice in writing given

1382

Part II.

—cont.

Effect of Act on certain loan and other agreements.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

or, as the case may be, the lease shall be deemed to be surrendered, on the date on which the notice of disclaimer becomes final, and the parties thereto for that reason to be discharged from the further performance of their obligations thereunder.

(4) Where an agreement is deemed to be frustrated as aforesaid, subsection (3) of section two of the Law Reform (Frustrated Contracts) Act, 1943 (which requires the court to give effect to any provision of a contract intended to operate on or notwithstanding the frustration of the contract), shall not apply to that agreement.

(5) Where a reference to arbitration is made under this section with respect to a notice of disclaimer and the notice is confirmed, the arbitration tribunal shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine claims arising under the agreement or lease in question with respect to the period before the frustration or surrender and (in the case of an agreement) any claims arising under the Law Reform (Frustrated Contracts) Act, 1943, and the tribunal may, in the case of a lease, on the application of either party thereto, make such modifications (if any) of the provisions of the lease relating to repairing obligations or any other provisions taking effect on or within a limited time before the determination of the lease as they think just.

(6) For the purposes of this section, a notice of disclaimer winch is not revoked shall be deemed to become final on the following date, that is to say—

(a) if no reference to arbitration is made under subsection (1) of this section, the date on which the period for making such a reference expires;

(b) in any other case, the date on which the notice is confirmed by the arbitration tribunal.

(7) This section shall not apply to any agreement or lease the making or variation of which has been approved in writing by the Minister for the purposes of this section, either generally or specially, and whether before or after the date of the making or variation of the agreement or lease.

14.—(1) Any agreement in force immediately before the passing of this Act which—

(a) provides for the lending of money to any company specified in the Third Schedule; and

(b) contains any provision conferring a right to require the issue of, or to subscribe for or purchase or otherwise acquire, any securities of the company, or a right to appoint any person to, or to hold, the office of director of the company, or contains any other

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1383

provision which will or may be determined or become Part II. impossible of performance under or by virtue of any provision of mis Act;

shall, notwithstanding that it contains any such provision as is referred to in paragraph (b) hereof, continue m force and have full effect during the period before the date of transfer, and any such agreement is hereafter in this section referred to as a " loan agreement/’

(2) Every loan agreement shall cease to have effect as from die date of transfer, and the following provisions shall, subject to any agreement made after the passing of this Act by the parties to the loan agreement, have effect: —

(a) the amount outstanding in respect of the sums lent under the loan agreement shall be repayable by the

ind in the manner provided

Provided that either party to that agreement may, at any time not less than twelve months after the date of transfer, if the said amount has not been repaid and is not repayable within the next six months, give notice in writing to the other party to the effect that the said amount will be repaid six months after the service of the notice, and the said amount shall be repaid accordingly;

(b) interest shall be payable by the company on the said amount until repayment, at the rate and at the times provided in the loan agreement; and

(1 c) any amount outstanding in respect of sums payable under the loan agreement by the company by way of engagement fees shall be paid by the company at the times and in the manner provided in the loan agreement.

(3) Any agreement, other than a loan agreement, between a company which comes into public ownership under this Part of this Act and any other person shall, in so far as it confers a right to require the issue of, or to subscribe for or purchase or otherwise acquire, any securities of the company, or a right to appoint any person to, or to hold, the office of director of the company, cease to have effect as from the date of transfer.

(4) Where any person, other than a publicly-owned company, suffers loss by reason of the determination, by virtue of this section or any other provision of this Act, of any such right as is referred to in subsection (1) or subsection (3) of tins section, being a right conferred by an agreement made before the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and

1384

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II. —coni.

Compensation to holders of securities.

forty-eight, or made on or after the said day with the approval in writing of the Minister, he shall be entitled to claim compensation from the Corporation in respect of that loss; and any question whether any person has a right to claim such compensation or as to the amount thereof shall, in default of agreement, be determined by arbitration under this Act:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply—

(a) to any right conferred by an agreement which could

(but for the determination of the right) have been disclaimed under section thirteen of this Act; or

(b) to any right arising from the holding of securities which vest by virtue of this Act or any right which can only be exercised on the redemption of such securities;

and no claim for compensation under this subsection shall be made more than twelve months after the date of transfer.

15.—(i) Compensation for the vesting of securities by virtue of this Act shall be satisfied by the issue by the Corporation, in accordance with the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, of such amount of British Iron and Steel Stock as in the opinion of the Treasury is or was at the general date of transfer of a value equal to the value of the securities, regard being had (in estimating the value of the stock so issued) to the market value of government securities at or about that date.

(2) Where securities of any class were quoted in the Stock Exchange Official Daily List on all the dates (other than Saturdays and Sundays) from the first day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, to the twenty-fifth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, inclusive, and were also quoted in the said list or in the Stock Exchange Daily Supplementary List on any of the following dates, that is to say, the fifteenth day of February, the fifteenth day of March, the sixteenth day of April, the fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of June and the sixteenth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-five, the value of securities of that class for the purposes of this section shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be deemed to be either—

(a) the average of the mean of the quotations for securities of that class appearing in die said Stock Exchange Official Daily List on the said dates in the year nineteen hundred and forty-eight, or

(b) the average of the mean of the quotations for securities of that class appearing in the said Stock Exchange Official Daily List or the said Stock

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

13S5

Exchange Daily Supplementary List on the said dates in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five on which a quotation therefor so appeared,

whichever is the higher, such addition, if any, being made to die higher average as is necessary to make it a complete multiple of one penny.

(3) Where a new class of securities has been issued on or after the last of the said dates in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five and before the first of the said dates in the year nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and the securities were quoted in the Stock Exchange Official Daily List on all the said dates in the year nineteen hundred and forty-eight, the value of securities of that class for the purposes of tins section shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be deemed to be the average of the mean of the quotations for securities of that class appearing in the said list on the said dates in the year nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

(4) Where, in the case of any class of securities to which either of the two last preceding subsections applies, there has been at any time after the last relevant quotation date a fresh issue of securities of that class, the value of every security of that class for the purposes of this section shall, instead of being determined under that subsection, be deemed to be the average of the values of all the securities of that class calculated on die basis that—

(a) the value of each of the securities comprised in that issue is the price, at which it was issuea or, if it was issued free, is nil, and

(b) the value of the remaining securities is the value which

those securities had or would have had for the purposes of this section immediately before the issue took place.

(5) Where, at any time after the last relevant quotation date any securities to which subsection (2), (3) or (4) of this section applies have been converted into securities of a different nominal value—

(a) the value of those securities as so converted shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to be a value bearing to the value which the securities had or would have had for the purposes of this section immediately before the conversion took place the same proportion as the nominal value of the securities as converted bears to the nominal value of the securities immediately before the conversion took place; and

2 z

Part II.

—cont.

1386

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

PART II.

—cont.

(6) the last preceding subsection shall apply to any fresh issue of securities which have been converted as aforesaid, but if a part only of a class of securities has been converted as aforesaid, the converted securities shall, for the purposes of the last preceding subsection, be treated as securities of a different class from that of the unconverted securities.

(6) Where a new class of securities has been issued on or after the first of the dates in the year nineteen hundred and forty-eight mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, the value of securities of that class for the pmposes of this section shall be deemed to be the price at which they were issued, or, if they were issued free, shall be deemed to be nil, and the two last preceding subsections shall apply to any fresh issue or conversion of securities of that class.

(7) If all the securities of any issue were originally disposed of to a person who did not become the registered holder of those securities, the price of issue of each of those securities shall for the purposes of subsection (4) or subsection (6) of this section be deemed to be either—

(a) the price paid for that security by the first registered holder thereof; or

(b) the price received by the company for the security plus an amount equal to two-and-a-half per cent, of that price;

whichever is the lower.

(8) If any question arises under any of the six last preceding subsections as to the value of any securities, it shall be settled by agreement between the Minister and the stockholders' representative or, in default of such agreement, by arbitration under this Act.

(9) For the purposes of this section, the value of any securities not being securities to which subsection (2), (3), (4),

(5) or (6) of this section applies, shall be such value as may be agreed between the Minister and the said stockholders' representative or, in default of such agreement, as may be determined by arbitration under this Act to be the value that the securities would have had under the preceding provisions of this section if they had been quoted in the Stock Exchange Official Daily List on all the dates mentioned in subsection

(2) of this section or, in the case of securities of a class issued on or after the earliest of the said dates, on such of those dates as occurred after the date of issue, and the arbitration tribunal, in determining the value that the securities would have had as aforesaid, shall have regard to all relevant factors

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

including, as far as may be, the value of securities to which subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section applies (as determined under that subsection), being securities which, as regards all matters affecting their value, are most nearly comparable to the first-named securities:

Provided that, if the arbitration tribunal are satisfied that the company has, on or after the first of the dates mentioned as aforesaid or, as the case may be, the first of those dates occurring after the date of issue of the securities, made a substantial payment or distribution to its members, other than a payment of dividend out of its net revenue for the financial year in respect of which the payment is made, the tribunal, in determining what the quotations in the said list for those securities would have been on any of the said dates, occurring before the payment or distribution, shalf treat the payment or distribution as having taken place before the said dates and shall accordingly take into account the reduction in file assets of the company that would have resulted therefrom.

(10) In this section—

the expression " convert " means, in relation to any securities, to consolidate and divide those securities into units of larger nominal value or to sub-divide those securities into units of smaller nominal value, without in either case making any change in the aggregate nominal value of the securities affected;

the expression " the Stock Exchange Official Daily List" means the publication known as the Stock Exchange Daily List of Officially Quoted Securities which is published by and under the authority of the Council of the Stock Exchange, London;

the expression " the Stock Exchange Daily Supplementary List" means the publication known as the Stock Exchange Daily Supplementary List of Securities not Officially Quoted which was published by and under the authority of the Council of the Stock Exchange, London;

the expression " quotation " has the same meaning as in the Stock Exchange Official Daily List or the Stock Exchange Daily Supplementary List, as the case may be, and accordingly does not include the statements of the business that was done;

the expression " the mean of the quotations" means the average of the two figures shown in the Stock Exchange Official Daily List or the Stock Exchange Daily Supplementary List, as the case may be, on the date in question in respect of the security in question under the heading " Quotations " or " Nominal Quotations

2 z 2

1387

Part II.

—cont.

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

1388

Ch. 72

Part II. —cent.

the expression " the last relevant quotation date ", in relation to any securities to which subsection (2),

(3), (4) or (5) applies, means the last of the dates mentioned in the said subsection (2) on which a quotation for securities of that class appeared in either of the said lists, being a quotation by reference to which the value of securities of that class is determined for the purposes of this section.

(11) For the purposes of this section and the following provisions of this Fart of this Act, the securities of a company to which the same rights attach shall be deemed to constitute a class of securities, and the date of issue of any securities shall be deemed to be the date on which the resolution allotting those securities is made.

Valuation of securities affected by transfer of property from one company to another.

16.—(1) Where a new class of securities has been issued on or after the first of the dates in the year nineteen hundred and forty-eight mentioned in subsection (2) of the last preceding section by a company whose securities vest by virtue of this Act, or a fresh issue of existing securities has been made on or after the first of the said dates by such a company, and the main purpose of the issue was to provide consideration, directly or indirectly, for the transfer or grant of property or rights to the company by which the issue was made (hereinafter referred to as the " transferee " company) by another company or companies whose securities so vest or would so vest but for the transfer or grant (hereinafter referred to as the " transferor " company or companies), then notwithstanding anything in the last preceding section, the following provisions shall apply for the valuation of the securities so issued: —

(a) the value of all the securities of the transferor company or companies shall first be agreed or determined for the purposes of the last preceding section in like manner as if the transfer or grant had not taken place, and the aggregate value thereof shall then be apportioned as between the securities of the transferor company or companies and the securities issued as aforesaid in such manner as may be agreed between the Minister and the stockholders’ representative or, in default of such agreement, determined by arbitration under this Act to be fair in the circumstances in view of the transfer or grant;

(b) the amount apportioned to the securities issued as aforesaid shall be deemed to be the aggregate value of those securities and shall be divided among the individual securities in such manner as may be so agreed or determined to be fair in the circumstances.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1389

and the value allocated to each security shall be Part n. deemed to be the value of that security for the pur- —com. poses of the last preceding section or, in the case of securities forming part of a fresh issue by the transferee company of an existing class of securities, shall be deemea to be the price of issue of those securities for the purposes of subsection (4) of that section.

(2) Subsections (4) and (5) of the last preceding section shall apply in relation to a fresh issue of a new class of securities to which subsection (1) of this section applies, and in relation to a conversion of securities of any such class, respectively, in like manner as they apply in relation to a fresh issue and conversion of securities of a class to which subsection

(2) or subsection (3) of the last preceding section applies, subject to the modification that for the references to the last relevant quotation date there shall be substituted references to the date of the first issue of securities of that new class.

(3) Any question arising under subsection (1) of this section for the determination of which no express provision is made shall be settled by agreement between the Minister and the stockholders' representative or, in default of such agreement, shall be determined by arbitration under this Act.

(4) The references in the preceding provisions of this section to the stockholders' representative shall be construed as referring to the stockholders' representative for the transferee company.

17.—(1) In the case of every company any of whose securi- Stockholders* ties are to vest by virtue of this Act, there shall be represen-appointed an individual, in this Act referred to as the " stock- utive*-holders' representative ", and it shall be his duty to represent die interests of holders of securities of that company m connection with die determination of the amount of compensation payable in respect of those securities.

(2) The provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the office of stockholders' representative and meetings of the holders of securities whose interests are represented by a stockholders’ representative and matters incidental thereto.

(3) The Minister shall pay out of moneys provided by Parliament to a stockholders' representative such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances, and such expenses incurred by him in die exercise of his functions, as may be determined by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury, and any sums paid by the Minister under this subsection shall be repaid to mm by the Corporation on demand.

1390

Part II.

—cont.

Control of dividends, interest and other payments.

Ch. 72 iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(4) The company for which a stockholders’ representative is appointed and any person to whom property or rights of the company have been disposed of after the date of transfer and any person by whom any property or rights have been disposed of to the company shall make available to the stockholders’ representative such facilities for the examination of and the making of extracts from or copies of books, accounts and documents of the company or person, and such services of officers of that company or person, as he may reasonably request for the purposes of his duties or, in the event of any question arising between the stockholders’ representative and the company or person whether any request is reasonable, as may be directed by the Minister.

Payments of dividends and interest pending transfer.

18.—(1) Where any company specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, not being a wholly owned subsidiary of a company so specified, has without the approval of the Minister made, in pursuance of an authority or recommendation contained in a resolution of the directors of the company passed after the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and before the date of transfer, payments of interest or dividend on any of its securities in respect of the last complete financial year before the said day or any subsequent period before the date of transfer, being payments which, regard being had to any interest or interim dividend paid before the said day in respect of that year or period, are in excess of the payments of interest or dividend permitted under this section, all persons who were directors of the company at the time when the resolution of the directors was passed authorising or recommending the payments shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be liable to pay to the Corporation an amount equal to the total amount of the excess.

(2) The payments of interest or dividend permitted under this section are as follows: —

(a) in the case of securities forming part of the loan capital of the company, payments of interest at the minimum rate required to prevent the company from committing any default in respect of its obligations to the holders of the securities;

(b) in the case of securities forming part of the share capital of the company—

(i) if the securities fall in the class, or in one of the classes, which ranks or rank lowest in order of priority for payment of dividend (in this section referred to as " ordinary shares "), payments of dividend at die rate of tour per cent, per annum

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1391

or the rate, calculated as an annual rate, paid on that class of securities in respect of the last financial year in respect of which a final dividend was paid before the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, whichever is the higher;

(ii) if the securities fall in a class ranking for dividend in priority to the ordinary shares, payments of dividend at the minimum rate required to enable, in accordance with the constitution of the company and the rights attaching to the various classes of securities, the permitted payments of dividend to be made on the ordinary shares:

Provided that such payments of dividend shall only be made out of the net revenue of the company for the period in respect of which they are made, as certified by the auditor or one of the auditors of the company, or out of any funds or reserves applicable in accordance with the normal practice for the purpose of maintaining or equalising rates of dividend, and no payment of dividend made otherwise than out of that revenue or out of those funds or reserves shall be permitted under this section, so, however, that this proviso shall not be taken as preventing the payment out of the net revenue for any period (as so certified) of the permitted dividend on any securities mentioned in sub-paragraph (ii) hereof notwithstanding that the payment or a part thereof is attributable to an earlier period, if the payment is made by virtue of cumulative rights attaching to the securities.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the last preceding subsection the Minister may—

(a) in the case of securities of a class falling within paragraph (6) of the last preceding subsection, being a class on which a final dividend was never paid before the said day, approve a rate exceeding four per cent, as the rate at which payments of dividend are permitted under this section;

(b) in the case of any securities which after the said day were issued at a price below the market value thereof or were issued free, direct that the payments of interest or dividend thereon permitted under this section shall be less than those which would otherwise be permitted or that no such payments shall be permitted.

(4) Where any such company as aforesaid has without the approval of the Minister made, in pursuance of a resolution passed after the said day and before the date of transfer, payments of dividend in respect of any period prior to the last

Part II. CQtti•

1392

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part n. —coni.

Final payment of dividends and interest.

complete financial year before the said day, other than such payments of dividend on securities mentioned in sub-para-graph (ii) of subsection (2) of this section as are permitted to be made under that subsection, all persons who were directors of the company at the time when the resolution of the directors was passed authorising or recommending the payments shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be liable to pay to the Corporation an amount equal to the total amounts of the payments.

(5) For the purposes of this section references to the payment of a dividend shall include a reference to any payment by a company to its members in their capacity as members out of the net revenue of the company.

(6) Any claim under this section by the Corporation against the directors of any such company as aforesaid shall be made within twelve months after the date of transfer, and, if so made and not settled by agreement, shall be determined by arbitration under this Act, and, if the arbitration tribunal decide the claim in favour of the Corporation, they shall make such orders against all or any of the said directors in respect of their liability on the claim as the tribunal think just, having regard to all die circumstances.

(7) References in this and the next following section to any payments of interest or dividend made or permitted to be made by any company shall be construed as references to the gross amounts of those payments, that is to say, to the amounts thereof before any deduction is made therefrom in respect of income tax, and, if any such payment has been made by a company without deduction of income tax, the amount paid shall be deemed for the purposes of this and the next following section to be a net amount paid after deduction of income tax, and the gross amount of that payment for the purposes of this section shall be calculated accordingly :

Provided that, in determining the amount recoverable under this section from the directors of any company in respect of payments of interest or dividend made by that company, there shall be deducted from the amount which would, but for this proviso, be so recoverable a sum equal to the income tax chargeable on that amount at the standard rate for the year in which the payments became due.

19.—(1) A company specified in the Third Schedule to this Act shall make the following payments as soon as possible after the date of transfer to the persons who immediately

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

before that date were holders of securities of the company in respect of which compensation is payable under this Part of this Act:—

(a) interest payments on any securities forming part of the loan capital of the company, which have accrued up to the date of transfer and have not been paid, at the rates permitted under the last preceding section; and

(b) subject to the next following subsection, payments of dividend for the final financial period on any other securities of the company at the maximum rates permitted under that section;

and for the purpose of any such payments the statutory or other provisions relating to the company shall be deemed to

Eermit payments of interest or dividend in respect of the final nancial period.

(2) The payments required to be made by a company under paragraph (6) of the preceding subsection shall not exceed the aggregate of—

(a) the amount certified by the auditor or one of the auditors of the company to be the net revenue of the company for the final financial period, less the total amounts paid by the company before the date of transfer by way of interim dividend on any securities mentioned in mat paragraph in respect of the final financial period, and less the total amounts of the payments mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection, in so far as those amounts would not otherwise be deducted in calculating the said net revenue of the company for the final financial period; and

(6) the amount of any funds or reserves possessed by the company at the date of transfer and applicable in accordance with the normal practice for the purpose of maintaining or equalising rates of dividend;

and if the aggregate of those amounts is insufficient to enable all the said payments to be made in full, the payments shall be made in the proper order of priority and according to the respective rights attaching to the securities in question.

(3) In this section, the expression " final financial period" means such part of the financial year during which the date of transfer occurs as precedes that date:

Provided that where any company has not, before the date of transfer, paid a final dividend in respect of the last complete financial year before that date or has not paid final

2 Z

1393

Part II.

—cont.

1394

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II.

—cont.

Power to

acquire

securities

of certain

additional

companies.

dividends in respect of either that year or the immediately preceding financial year, the said expression means that year or, as the case may be, those years together with such part of the financial year during which the date of transfer occurs as precedes that date.

Safeguarding of assets pending .

20.—(i) Where it appears to the Minister that any company not specified in the Third Schedule to this Act operates or owns the whole, or a substantial or essential part, of works which—

(a) produced during the years nineteen hundred and forty-six and nineteen hundred and forty-seven an average annual output of the products of any one of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act not less than the quantity specified in the second column of that Schedule in relation to that activity; and

(b) were, on or at any time after the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, operated or owned, as the case may be, by a company specified in the said Third Schedule;

the Minister may, at any time before the general date of transfer or within the period of three months beginning with that date, serve on the first-mentioned company a notice (in this section referred to as a " notice of acquisition ") stating that, subject to the following provisions of this section, the securities of the company will be transferred to the Corporation in like manner as the securities of the companies specified in the Third Schedule to this Act:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in a case where the Minister has approved in writing for the purposes of this subsection, either before or after they were effected, all transactions entered into after the said day resulting directly or indirectly in the transfer or grant to the first-mentioned company of rights of ownership in, or rights in respect of the user of, any of the said works which were operated or owned by the company specified in the said Third Schedule as aforesaid, and the Minister undertook that the powers conferred by this subsection would not be used in relation to those works.

(2) Where it appears to the Minister—

(a) that the membership of any company not specified in the Third Schedule to this Act was, on the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, such that, if it remained unchanged, the com-

1949 i Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

pany would come or would have come into public ownership under this Part of this Act; and

(6) that since the said day the membership of the company has changed in such a way as to prevent (but for this provision) die company coming into, public ownership under this Part of this Act;

the Minister may, at any time before the general date of transfer or within the period of three months beginning with that date, serve on the company a notice (in this section referred to as a " notice of acquisition ") stating that, subject to the following provisions of this section, the securities of the company will be transferred to the Corporation in like manner as the securities of the companies specified in the Third Schedule to this Act:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in a case where the Minister has approved in writing for the purposes of this subsection, either generally or specially, the changes in. the membership of the company since the said day.

For the purposes of this subsection, where any share in a company nela by any person as a nominee of another company ceases to be held by him as the nominee of that company, there shall be deemed to have been a change in the membership of the first-mentioned company.

(3) A company on which a notice of acquisition has been served under this section may, within one month after the service of the notice of acquisition, serve a notice on the Minister contending that the company does not operate or own the whole, or a substantial or essential part, of works which fulfil the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) or, as the case may be, that the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and (6) of subsection (2) of this section are not fulfilled with respect to the company, and the notice shall set out the grounds of that contention.

(4) Where a notice is served on the Minister under the last preceding subsection, and neither that notice nor the notice of acquisition is withdrawn, the question whether the contention of the company is correct shall be determined by arbitration under this Act, and on any such arbitration the arbitration tribunal shall, if they are satisfied that the contention of the company is correct, revoke the notice of acquisition but shall otherwise confirm it.

(5) Every notice of acquisition shall specify a date (not being earlier than the general date of transfer and not being earlier than the expiration of three months after the service of

2 z • 2

1395

Part II. —eont.

1396

Part II.

—cont.

Removal of company from Third Schedule.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

the notice) which, subject as hereinafter provided, shall be the date of transfer in relation to the company on which the notice is served:

Provided that—

(a.) the Minister and the company may by agreement substitute another date for the date specified as aforesaid;

(6) where a reference to arbitration is made under die preceding provisions of this section and the arbitration tribunal confirm the notice, the date of transfer shall be the date specified as aforesaid or a date substituted by agreement as aforesaid or a date two months after the decision of the arbitration tribunal, whichever is the latest date.*

(6) Where a notice of acquisition is served on a company under this section and is not withdrawn or revoked, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply, and be deemed always to have applied, to the company in like manner as they apply to the companies specified in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(7) When a notice of acquisition has been served on a company under this section and either the period within which the company may serve a notice under subsection (3) of this section has expired without such a notice being served or the question whether or not the notice is to have effect has been finally settled in favour of the Minister, the company shall forthwith give notice to every holder of its securities of the fact that its securities are to be acquired by the Corporation; and the notice shall, in the case of security holders whose names are entered in any register kept by or on. behalf of the company, be given in the same manner as the company gives notice to its members of its general meetings and shall, in any other case, be given by advertisement or in any way allowed by the company's articles of association for giving notice to its members.

21.—(1) Where it appears to the Minister that any company specified in the Third Schedule to this Act does not fulfil the following condition, namely, that it operates or owns the whole, or a substantial or essential part, of works which produced during the years nineteen hundred and forty-six and nineteen hundred and forty-seven an average annual output of the products of any one of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act not less than the quantity specified in the second column of that Schedule in relation to that activity, he may, at any time

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1397

before the general date of transfer, serve a notice on the company stating that, subject to the following provisions of this section, the securities of the company will not vest in the Corporation by virtue of this Act.

(2) A company on which a notice has been served under this section may, within one month after the service of the notice, serve a notice on the Minister contending that the condition specified in the preceding subsection was fulfilled with respect to the company on the date of the service of the notice by the Minister.

(3) Where a notice is served on the Minister under the last preceding subsection, and neither that notice nor the notice of the Minister is withdrawn, the question whether the said condition was fulfilled with respect to the company on the said date shall be determined by arbitration under this Act, and on any such arbitration the arbitration tribunal shall, if they are satisfied that die contention of the company is correct, revoke the notice of the Minister but shall otherwise confirm it.

(4) Where a notice has been served by the Minister as aforesaid on any company, no transfer of the securities of the company shall take place by virtue of this Act during the period within which a notice may be served by the company under subsection (2) hereof or, if such a notice has been served by the company, pending the final settlement of the question whether or not the Minister's notice is to have effect, and, if the Minister withdraws his notice or the arbitration tribunal revoke the notice of the Minister, and, but for this subsection, the said transfer of securities would have already taken place or would take place less than two months after the date of the withdrawal or, as the case may be, the decision of the arbitration tribunal, the date of transfer shall be a date two months after the date of the withdrawal or decision.

(5) Where a notice is served on a company under this section and is not withdrawn or revoked, this Act shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if the company had never been specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, but without prejudice to the operation of the last preceding section or either of the next two following sections in relation to any works which were owned or operated by the' company on or after the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and ceased to be so owned or operated before the service of the said notice.

(6) When a notice has been served on a company under this section by the Minister and either the period within which the company may serve a notice under subsection (2) of this

Pari —coni.

1398

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Ch. 72

Part II. —cont.

Prohibition of transfer of iron and steel works.

section has expired without such a notice being served or the question whether or not the Minister’s notice is to have effect has been finally settled in favour of the Minister, the effect of the latter notice shall be published in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes, and the company shall give the like notice thereof to the holders of its securities as in the case of a notice of acquisition under the last preceding section.

22.—(i) It shall not be lawful—

(a) for any company specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, at any time before the date of transfer, to enter into any transaction transferring or granting to any person any rights of ownership in, or rights in respect of the user of, any works or part of any works used for the carrying on of any of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act;

(b) for any other company which has acquired any rights

of ownership in, or any rights in respect of the user of, any works or part of any works which, on or at any time after the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, were operated or owned by a company so specified and were used for the carrying on of any of the said activities, to enter into any transaction transferring or granting to any person any rights of ownership m those works or any part thereof, or any rights in respect of the user of those works or any part thereof, at any time before the general date of transfer or within the period of three months beginning with that date or, if a notice of acquisition is served under the last but one preceding section on the company, at any time before the date of transfer of that company or, if the notice is withdrawn or revoked, the date of suph withdrawal or revocation;

and any transaction purporting to effect such a transfer or grant shall accordingly be void:

Provided that this section shall not apply to any transfer or grant approved in writing for the purposes of this section by the Minister, either generally or specially, and the Minister may approve such a transfer or grant after it has been made and in that case the transfer or grant shall be deemed always to have been valid, but such approval may be given subject to conditions including conditions enabling the Corporation to require the transfer, surrender or grant of rights in respect of the works or part of the works in question to a publicly-owned company.

(2) Any question whether any transaction is rendered void by the preceding subsection shall, unless settled by agreement

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1399

between the Corporation and the parties to the transaction part ii. and the parties to any subsequent transaction relating to the —cont. same works, be determined by arbitration under mis Act between the Corporation and those parties, and any proceedings for the determination thereof shall be commenced within twelve months after the date of transfer or (if the company concerned has no date of transfer) the general date of transfer, and, if such proceedings are not commenced within that period, the transaction shall, subject to any such agreement as aforesaid, be deemed to be a valid transaction so far as this section is concerned.

(3) If the Corporation suffer damage by reason of any transaction which is unlawful by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, the Corporation may, at any time within twelve months after the date of transfer or (if the company has no date of transfer) the general date of transfer, make an application to the arbitration tribunal, and all parties to the transaction and all persons who were directors of the company at the time when the transaction was entered into shall, unless the tribunal otherwise direct, be made parties to the application; and if the tribunal are satisfied that the Corporation has suffered such damage, they shall make such orders against any of the parties to the application as they think just, having regard to the extent to which those parties were respectively responsible for the transaction or benefited from it and to all the circumstances of the case, for the payment by them to the Corporation of sums sufficient to enable the loss, or such part thereof as the tribunal think just, to be made good:

Provided that, in the case of any transaction entered into in pursuance of a resolution of the directors, no person who was not a director at the time when the resolution authorising or recommending the transaction was passed, shall, by reason of his directorship, be made a party to the application.

(4) No person shall be liable to any criminal proceedings by reason only of a contravention of subsection (1) of this section.

23.—(1) Where it appears to the Minister— Recovery of

(a) that any company specified in the Third Schedule to tSSj5erred this Act or any other company which comes into by a company public ownership under this Part of this Act has, at which comes any time after the twenty-ninth day of October,into Public nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and before theowner8lup-date of transfer, entered into any transaction which—

(i) transferred or granted to any person other than such a company as aforesaid any rights of ownership in any works or rights in respect of the user of any works; or

1400

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II. —eont.

(ii) transferred or granted to any such person any rights in respect of the user of any invention or registered design; and

(6) that it is in the public interest, for the purpose of securing the efficient carrying on of the business of any publicly-owned • company, that the rights so transferred or granted, or any rights derived from those rights, should vest in or oe surrendered to that company;

he may authorise the Corporation to serve, at any time within three months after the date of transfer of that company, a notice (in this section and in the Sixth Schedule to this Act referred to as a " notice of acquisition ") on any person in whom any such rights are vested stating that those rights are to vest or be surrendered in accordance with the Sixth Schedule to this Act, together with such other property and rights as are mentioned in the said Schedule:

Provided that, where any such transfer or grant has been approved in writing for the purposes of this section by the Minister (whether before or after the date of the transfer or grant), this subsection shall not apply, but such approval may be given subject to conditions including conditions enabling the Corporation to require the transfer, surrender or grant of rights in respect of the works, invention or registered design in question to a publicly-owned company.

(2) Any person on whom a notice of acquisition has been served may, within one month after the service thereof, serve a notice on the Corporation contending that the conditions specified in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection are not fulfilled, and the notice shall set out the grounds of that contention.

(3) Where a notice is served on the Corporation under the last preceding subsection, and neither that notice nor the notice of acquisition is withdrawn, the question whether the said conditions are fulfilled shall be determined by arbitration under this Act, and on any such arbitration the arbitration tribunal shall, if they are satisfied that the contention of the said person is correct, revoke the notice of acquisition, but shall otherwise confirm it.

(4) Where a notice of acquisition is served and is not withdrawn or revoked, the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation thereto.

(5) In this section the expression " user ", in relation to an invention, means any making, use or vending of the invention and, in relation to a registered design, means any manufacture or sale of the articles to which the design has been

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1401

applied; and the expression " registered design" means any design registered under the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, in which me copyright still exists.

24.—(1) This section shall apply where any company which comes into public ownership under this Part of this Act has, after the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight and before the date of transfer—

(a) made any payments to its members for the purpose of reducing me share capital of the company otherwise than by the redemption of any redeemable securities;

(b) redeemed any securities which the company was not under any obligation to redeem before the date of transfer or made payments in respect of the redemption of any securities which exceed the minimum payments required to satisfy the rights existing on the said day of the holders of those securities;

(c) made any other payment to the holders of its securities (in their capacity as such) out of capital moneys, or distributed assets other than money to the holders of its securities (in their capacity as such); or

(4) entered into any transaction the effect of which is that property or rights of the company are transferred or granted to any person, and the consideration for such transfer or grant is received by the holders of securities of the company or any of them (in their capacity as such):

Provided that this section shall not apply to any payment or other transaction which has been approved in writing by the Minister for the purposes of this section, either generally or specially, and whether before or after the date of the payment or transaction.

(2) An approval given by the Minister for the purposes of this section may be given on such conditions as may be specified in the approval, which may—

X«) in the case of any such payment or distribution to, or transaction involving the receipt of consideration by, members or holders of securities as is mentioned in paragraph (a), paragraph (c) or paragraph (d) of the preceding subsection, include a condition requiring the compensation payable under this Part of this Act in respect of the securities of those members or holders to be reduced to such extent as may be specified in the approval or subsequently determined in a manner so specified;

Part II.

—coM

Dissipation of assets by transactions involving payments, distributions etc. to members of company.

1402

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II.

—com.

(ft) in the case of any such payment as is mentioned in the said paragraph (a) involving a reduction in the nominal value of any securities, include a condition reducing, as respects future dividends paid by the company on those securities before the date of transfer, the payments of dividend permitted under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the control of dividends;

and the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the payment of compensation and to the control of dividends, respectively, shall have effect subject to any such condition as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) hereof:

Provided that the Minister shall not approve any transaction on such a condition as is mentioned in paragraph (a) hereof unless he is satisfied that a meeting has been held of the holders for the time being of the securities affected, after not less than fourteen days' notice in writing, and that a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the said holders

Eresent and voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting ave agreed to that condition.

(3) The Corporation -may, in the case of any such company, at any time within twelve months after the date of transfer, make an application to the arbitration tribunal in respect of any transaction to which in the opinion of the Corporation this section applies, and all persons who were directors of the company at the time when the transaction was entered into and, in the case of a transaction mentioned in paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section, or any transaction mentioned in paragraph (c) thereof where the payments made or assets distributed represent the consideration for the transfer or grant of property or rights by the company to any other person, the persons to whom the property or rights were transferred or granted shall, unless the tribunal otherwise direct, be made parties to the application:

Provided that, in the case of any transaction entered into in pursuance of a resolution of the directors, no person who was not a director at the time when the resolution authorising or recommending the transaction was passed shall, by reason of his directorship, be made a party to the application.

(4) Where the arbitration tribunal are satisfied that a transaction in respect of which such an application is made is a transaction to which this section applies, they shall determine the extent of the net loss resulting to the Corporation from the transaction, and shall make such orders against any of the parties to the application as the tribunal mink just, having regard to the extent to which those parties were

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

respectively responsible for the transaction or benefited from it and all the circumstances of the case, for the payment by them to the Corporation of sums sufficient to enable the net loss, or such part thereof as the tribunal think just, to be made good or met:

Provided that, in the case of a company other than a company specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, the tribunal shall not make an order under this subsection against any director of the company or other person who satisfies the .tribunal that he did not know and could not reasonably have expected that the company would come into public ownership under this Part of this Act.

25.—(i) This section shall apply where any company which comes into public ownership under this Part of this Act has, after the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight and before the date of transfer—

(a) made any payment to any person without consideration or for an inadequate consideration;

(b) sold or disposed of any of its property or rights without consideration or for an inadequate consideration;

(c) acquired any property or rights for an excessive consideration;

(d) entered into or varied any agreement so as to require an excessive consideration to be paid or given by the company; or

(e) entered into any other transaction of such an onerous nature as to cause a loss to or impose a liability on the company substantially exceeding any benefit accruing to the company;

and the payment, sale, disposal, acquisition, agreement or variation thereof, or other transaction was not reasonably necessary for the purposes of the company or was made with an unreasonable lack of prudence on the part of the company, regard being had in either case to the circumstances at the time:

Provided that this section shall not apply—

(i) to any payment or other transaction to which the last

preceding section or section eighteen of this Act applies;

(ii) to any payment or other transaction made or entered into for any charitable purpose;

(iii) to any payment or other transaction made or entered into in connection with the determination of any

1403

Part II. —cont.

Other

transactions resulting in dissipation of assets.

1404 Ch. 72 Ir and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

question, dispute or matter falling to be determined under any provision of this Part of this Act or any regulations made thereunder; or

(iv) to any payment or other transaction which has been approved in writing for the purposes of this section or section thirteen of this Act by the Minister, either generally or specially, and whether before or after the date of the payment or transaction.

(2) The Corporation may, in the case of any such com- pany, at any time within twelve months after the date of transfer, make an application to the arbitration tribunal in respect of any transaction to which in the opinion of the Corporation this section applies, and all parties to the transaction, and all persons who were directors of the company at the time when the transaction was entered into shall, unless the tribunal otherwise direct, be made parties to the application:

Provided that, in the case of any transaction entered into in pursuance of a resolution of the directors, no person who was not a director at the time when the resolution authorising or recommending the transaction was passed shall, by reason of his directorship, be made a party to the application.

(3) Where the arbitration tribunal are satisfied that a transaction in respect of which an application is made is a transaction to which this section applies, then, unless they are also satisfied that the transaction was a proper transaction made in the ordinary course of business, regard being had to the circumstances at the time, and was in no way connected with any provision made by this Act or with any anticipation of the making of any such provision, the tribunal shall determine the extent of the net loss resulting to the Corporation from the transaction, and shall make such orders against any of the parties to the application as the tribunal think just, having regard to the extent to which those

arties were respectively responsible for the transaction or enefited from it and all the circumstances of the case, for the payment by them to the Corporation of sums sufficient to enable the net loss, or such part thereof as the tribunal think just, to.be made good or met:

Provided that, in the case of a company other than a company specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, the tribunal shall not make an order under this subsection against any director of the company or other person who satisfies the tribunal that he did not know and could not reasonably have expected that the company would come into public ownership under this Part of this Act.

Part II.

—cont.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1405

(4) Where any such company has disclaimed an agreement Part ii or lease by a notice under this Part of this Act, being an —com. agreement or lease entered into or varied after the said twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, the Corporation may make an application to

the arbitration tribunal under this section in respect of any loss resulting from the onerous nature of the agreement or lease before the date on which the agreement or lease is deemed to have been frustrated or surrendered.

(5) Where an application is made to the arbitration tribunal under this section in respect of any transaction and the application is determined m favour of the Corporation, the tribunal shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any claims outstanding in respect of the transaction.

26. —(1) Where it appears to the arbitration tribunal that Supplement-a transaction in respect of which an application is made under ary provisiona either of the two last preceding sections is or may be one of dissipation of a group of inter-connected transactions which ought to be assets, treated for the purposes of that section as a single transaction,

they may order such additional persons as they think fit, ’ being parties to any transaction comprised in the group, to be made parties to the application, and, if the tribunal are satisfied that the whole or part of the group of transactions ought to be treated as a single transaction for the purposes of that section, they may give a direction to that effect, and the section shall have effect accordingly.

(2) The serving of a notice of acquisition under section twenty-three of this Act in relation to any property or rights shall not prejudice the taking of proceedings under either of the two last preceding sections with respect to any transaction relating to that property or those rights, and any such proceedings and any proceedings pursuant to the notice may, if the arbitration tribunal think fit, be heard together, and any sums ordered by the tribunal in the proceedings under either of the two last preceding sections to be paid by any person may, if the tribunal think fit, be set off against any compensation payable to that person in the proceedings pursuant to the notice.

27. —(1) Where the Minister has approved in writing any Approvals and transaction before the passing of this Act, and the approval undertakings was expressed to be given for the purposes of any provision

of this Part of this Act when that provision should come into Act. 8 operation, or to be subject to a condition affecting the operation of any provision of this Part of this Act, and the approval sufficiently identifies the provision in question, the approval shall have effect for the purposes of or in relation to that provision in like manner as if it had been given after the passing of this Act.

1406

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II. —coni.

Transfer of certain assets of Ministers and Government departments to the

Corporation.

Activities in Second Schedule not to be carried on except under licence.

(2) Where the Minister has given an undertaking in writing before the passing of this Act with respect to the use of any powers to be conferred by any provision of this Part of tips Act, and the undertaking sufficiently identifies the provision in question, the undertaking shall have effect in relation to that provision in like manner as if it had been given after the passing of this Act.

Transfer of certain assets of Ministers and Government departments.

28. The Minister may, after consultation with the Corporation, provide for the transfer to the Corporation, on such terms as may be determined by the Treasury, of any property or rights held by any Minister of the Crown or Govern* ment department for the purpose of the carrying on, whether by that Minister or department or any other person, of any of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act or any other activities which the Corporation are for the time being authorised to carry on, and the terms upon which any such property or rights are transferred to the Corporation shall be published in the report of the Corporation to be made under section four of this Act.

Part III.

Licensing of Businesses not acquired by Corporation.

29.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, no person shall, after the expiration of three months after the general date of transfer, carry on in Great Britain any of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act, except under the authority of a licence issued by the Minister under this section:

Provided that a person shall not require a licence under this section for the carrying on of any such activity, if and so long as the output of the products of that activity does not exceed in any year the quantity specified in relation to that activity in die third column of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) A licence issued under this section may be issued on such terms and conditions as the Minister thinks fit, which may in particular include conditions—

(a) limiting the period for which the licence is to be in force;

(b) limiting the extent to which any of the said activities is to be carried on;

and before issuing a licence under this section, the Minister shall consult with the Corporation.

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

(3) Where the business or any part of the business to which a licence issued under this section relates has been or is proposed to be transferred, the holder of the licence may, after giving notice in writing to the Minister, assign the licence to the person to whom the transfer has been made, and the licence shall thereupon have effect as if it had been issued to that person, but shall only authorise the use of works which were used for the purposes of the business or part of the business at the time of the transfer thereof.

(4) The Minister may, with the consent of the holder of the licence, vary any licence issued under this section, or replace it with another licence so issued.

(5) This section shall not apply to the Corporation or any publicly-owned company.

(6) If any person contravenes the provisions of this section, or fails to comply with any term or condition of a licence granted to him thereunder, he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or, on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds; and if the contravention in respect of which he is convicted is continued after the conviction, he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable in respect thereof on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for each day on which the contravention is so continued or, on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds for each day on which the contravention is so continued.

30.—(1) Where a person at the date of the passing of this Act carries on in Great Britain a business the activities of which consist of or include any of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act and furnishes within two months after the general date of transfer the particulars mentioned in the next following subsection, the Minister shall, within six months after the date on which the said particulars were received by the Minister or, in a case where a question is referred to arbitration under subsection (5) of this section, within three months after the determination of that question, issue to the said person a licence under the last preceding section authorising him to carry on such of the activities specified in the said first column of the Second Schedule as were activities of the business at the date of the passing of this Act and were specified in the said particulars; and the said person, or any person to whom the said business or a part thereof has been assigned together with a right to have the licence assigned

1407

Part III. —cant.

Rights of

existing

businesses.

1408

Ch. 72

Iran and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Fart III to him when issued, shall, pending the issue of the licence, be —coni. entitled to carry on any of the said activities of the business without a licence:

Provided that this section shall not apply to a company specified in the Third Schedule to this Act whose securities, by virtue of a notice served by the Minister under Part II of this Act, do not vest by virtue of this Act.

(2) The particulars to be furnished under the preceding subsection are the following, that is to say:

(a) the name of the person carrying on the business;

(£>) if the business is carried on by a company, the registered office of that company, and in any other case the principal place of business of the person carrying on the business;

(c) the activities of the business, so far as they consist of activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act; and

(d) in relation to each such activity of the business, the output in each of the years nineteen hundred and forty-six and nineteen hundred and forty-seven of the works which were being used for carrying on that activity of the business at the passing of this Act.

(3) Subject to the next following subsection, a licence which the Minister is required by this section to issue shall not be subject to any conditions except the following, that is to say:

(a) a condition limiting the extent of any such activity to the annual production of—

(i) double the average annual output during the years nineteen hundred and forty-six and nineteen hundred and forty-seven of the works aforesaid used for carrying on that activity, or

(iil the quantity specified in the second column of the Second Schedule to this Act in relation to that activity, whichever is the less; and

(b) a condition requiring the said person to furnish to the Corporation such returns, at such periods, of the subsequent output of the business in carrying on any such activity, as may be specified in the licence.

(4) Where the Minister is required by this section to issue a licence to a person in whose case the average annual output during the years nineteen hundred and forty-six and nineteen hundred and forty-seven of the works used for carrying on

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1409

any such activity of the business at the passing of this Act Part hi. was greater than the quantity specified in the second column of the Second Schedule to this Act in relation to that activity, the licence shall, instead of being subject to the condition specified in paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection, be subject to a condition limiting the extent of the production of that activity to the average annual output of the works during those years; and the licence shall be subject also to a condition that the Corporation may require the holder of the licence to sell to them so much of the output to which the licence relates as the holder of the licence does not require for purposes of manufacture in the works of the holder of the licence, at such price as may be agreed, or, in default of such agreement, as may be determined by arbitration having regard to the prices at which similar products are sold in me open market by the Corporation or publicly-owned companies.

(5) If the Minister desires to contend that the output of any works in any year in carrying on any activity specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act is wrongly specified in the particulars furnished as aforesaid, he may, at any time before the expiration of six months after the date on which the said particulars were received by him, refer the question as to what is the correct output for determination by arbitration under this Act, but, subject to any such reference or any agreement between the Minister and the person carrying on the business, the figures specified in the said particulars shall, for the purposes of this section, be taken to be correct.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be taken as preventing the Minister, in a case where he is required by this section to issue a licence to any person, from issuing to that person an additional licence or licences under the last preceding section, subject to such terms and conditions as the Minister thinks fit to impose under that section, authorising him to carry on any activity specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act, to an extent additional to the extent (if any) authorised by the licence required to be issued under tins section.

Part IV.

Finance.

31. It shall be the duty of the Corporation so to exercise Revenues of and perform their functions under this Act as to secure that Corporation to the combined revenues of the Corporation and all the publicly-owned companies taken together are not less than sufficient outgoings, to meet their combined outgoings properly chargeable to revenue account, taking one year with another.

1410

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Gbo.

Part IV. —coni.

Borrowing

powers of the

Corporation

and of

publicly-

owned

companies.

32.—(i) The Corporation may, with the consent of the Minister and with the approval of the Treasury, or in accordance with the terms of any general authority given by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury, borrow temporarily, by way of overdraft or otherwise, such sums as the Corporation may require for meeting their obligations or discharging their functions under this Act including the temporary lending of money to any publicly-owned company.

(2) Any publicly-owned company may, with the consent of the Corporation, or in accordance with the terms of any general authority given by the Corporation, borrow temporarily, by way of overdraft or otherwise, such sums as the company may require for the purposes of its undertaking.

(3) The Corporation may, with the consent of the Minister and the approval of the Treasury, borrow money by the issue of British Iron and Steel Stock for all or any of the following purposes, that is to say—

(a) the provision of money for meeting any expenses incurred by the Corporation or any publicly-owned company m connection with any works the cost of which is properly chargeable to capital;

(b) the redemption of any British Iron and Steel Stock;

(c) the provision of working capital required by the Corporation or any publicly-owned company;

(d) the acquisition under section two of this Act of any interests in or property or rights of any company or the formation under the said section two of any company;

(e) any other purpose for which capital moneys are

properly applicable by the Corporation or any publicly-owned company, including the repayment of any money temporarily borrowed under the two last preceding subsections for any of the purposes mentioned in this subsection.

(4) The aggregate amount outstanding in respect of the principal of any stock issued by the Corporation for the purpose of the exercise of their powers under this section, and in respect of any temporary loan raised by the Corporation or any publicly-owned company, shall not at any time exceed the sum of three hundred and fifty million pounds : Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent the Corporation from borrowing in excess of the said sum for the purpose of redeeming any British Iron and Steel Stock which they are required or entitled to redeem or repaying any money temporarily borrowed under subsections (1) and (2) of this section.

le

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1411

(5) The issue by the Corporation of British Iron and Steel Part iv. Stock direct to any company or to the members thereof, as —cord. consideration for the purchase under section two of this Act

of interests in or property or rights of the company shall be deemed, for the purposes of this section, to be a borrowing of the amount of the principal of the stock so issued.

(6) Save as provided by the preceding provisions of this section, neither the Corporation nor any publicly-owned company shall borrow any money.

33. —(1) The Corporation— British iron

(*) may create and issue any stock required for the stock, purpose of exercising their powers under the last preceding section;

(b) shall create and issue such stock as is required for the purpose of satisfying any right to compensation which under any provision of this Act is to be satisfied by the issue of British Iron and Steel Stock;

and the stock so created and issued is in this Act referred to as " British Iron and Steel Stock

(2) The Seventh Schedule of this Act shall, subject to the provisions of this section and of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, apply with respect to the issue, transfer and redemption of British Iron and Steel Stock and otherwise in relation to such stock:

Provided that, in relation to any issue of British Iron and Steel Stock, other than the stock issued by way of compensation in respect of the securities which vest by virtue of this Act, the Treasury may by regulations make such amendments in the said Seventh Schedule as appear to them to be necessary or expedient.

(3) Any British Iron and Steel Stock in which no person is beneficially interested except the Corporation or a publicly-owned company shall be cancelled.

34. —(1) The principal of and the interest on any British Treasury Iron and Steel Stock created and issued for the purpose ofguarantees satisfying any right to compensation which, under any provision of this Act, is expressly required to be satisfied by the

issue of stock, shall be guaranteed by the Treasury, and the Treasury may guarantee, in such manner and on such conditions as they think fit, the redemption or repayment of, and the payment of any interest on, any other British Iron and Steel Stock or any temporary loan raised by the Corporation or any publicly-owned company.

(2) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling any such guarantee as is provided for by the preceding subsection

1412

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part iv. shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund —0Ont- of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof (here-

inafter referred to as " the Consolidated Fund "), and any such sums shall be repaid together with interest thereon at such rate as the Treasury may determine, by the Corporation to the Treasury in such manner and over such period as the Treasury may, after consultation with the Minister, determine.

(3) Immediately after a guarantee is given under this section, the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee before each House of Parliament.

(4) Where any sum is issued out of the Consolidated Fund under this section, the Treasury shall forthwith lay before each House of Parliament a statement that that sum has been issued.

General 35.—(1) Without prejudice to the Corporation’s power to

reserve. establish appropriate reserves for replacements or other purposes, the Corporation shall establish and maintain a general reserve.

(2) The Corporation shall contribute to the general reserve such sums at such times as they may determine and the management of the said reserve and the application of the moneys comprised therein shall be as the Corporation may determine:

Provided that—

(a) no part of the said reserve shall be applied otherwise than for the purposes of the Corporation or of publicly-owned companies; and

(b) the power of the Minister to give directions to the Corporation shall extend to the giving to them with the approval of the Treasury of directions as to any matter relating to the establishment or management of the said reserve or the carrying of sums to the credit thereof, or the application thereof, notwithstanding that the directions may be of a specific character, and the Corporation shall give effect to any such directions.

(3) It is hereby declared that the purposes of the general reserve include the checking of undue fluctuation in the prices of products of the Corporation and of the publicly-owned companies, and the financing of works the cost of which is properly chargeable to capital, and the powers of the Corporation in relation to the said reserve shall be exercisable accordingly.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1413

Part IV. —cont.

36. Any sums in the hands of the Corporation which are not immediately required for the purposes of their business may be invested in such manner as the Corporation think Ordinary

Provided that the Corporation shall not have power under this section to invest money in the securities of any company so as to make that company a subsidiary of the Corporation or so as to enable the Corporation to exercise an effective influence on the policy of me company.

37. The Corporation shall charge, and shall secure that Sums which the publicly-owned companies charge, to revenue account in a{'e to b. every year all charges which are proper to be made to revenue to rev^ue account, including, in particular, proper provision for account, depreciation or diminution in value of assets or for renewal of assets and, in the case of the Corporation, proper allocations to the general reserve, and any reference in this Act to outgoings properly chargeable to revenue account shall be construed accordingly.

38.—(i) The Corporation shall keep proper accounts and Accounts other records and shall prepare—

(a) in respect of each financial year a statement of the accounts of the Corporation; and

(b) in respect of the first financial year in which it is practicable to do so, and of each financial year thereafter, a consolidated statement of accounts dealing with the state of affairs and profit and loss of the Corporation and the publicly-owned companies as a whole;

in such form as the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury, may direct, being a form which shall conform with the best commercial standards.

(2) The accounts of the Corporation shall be audited by-auditors to be appointed in respect of each financial year by file Minister, and the auditors shall make a report on the accounts examined by them and on the statements of accounts prepared under the preceding subsection, and the report shall contain statements as to the matters mentioned in the Eighth Schedule to this Act:

Provided that no person shall be qualified to be so appointed unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies: —

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

1414

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part IV. —coni.

Machinery for settling terras and conditions of employment of staff, etc.

The Society of Incorporated Accountants and Auditors;

The Society of Accountants in Edinburgh;

The Institute of Accountants and Actuaries in Glasgow;

The Society of Accountants in Aberdeen;

The Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland.

(3) So soon as the accounts of the Corporation have been audited, the Corporation shall send to the Minister—

(a) a copy of the statement referred to in paragraph (a) of

subsection (1) of this section together with a copy of the report made by the auditors on that statement;

(b) copies of the accounts of each of the publicly-owned companies prepared in accordance with the Companies Act, 1948, but so that where group accounts within the meaning of that Act are prepared by any company it shall not be necessary for a copy of the accounts of any subsidiary dealt with in those group accounts to be sent to the Minister;

(c) in each year in which the Corporation are required to prepare a consolidated statement of accounts under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of this section, a copy of that consolidated statement, together with a copy of the report made by the auditors on that statement;

and copies of every statement, account and report required to be sent to the Minister under this subsection shall be made available to the public at a reasonable price.

(4) The Minister shall lay a copy of every such statement, account and report before each House of Parliament.

(5) The Corporation shall compile and publish periodical statistics and returns relating to each of the principal activities of the Corporation and the publicly-owned companies, and the Minister may give directions to the Corporation as to the form of those returns and the manner of publication.

Part V.

Miscellaneous and General.

Conditions of employment, pension rights and compensation

of officers.

39.—(1) Except so far as the Corporation are satisfied that adequate machinery exists for achieving the purposes of this section, it shall be the duty of the Corporation, either directly, or indirectly by exercising control over publicly-owned companies, to seek consultation with any organisation

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1415

appealing to them to be appropriate with a view to the conclusion between the Corporation and that organisation or, if the Corporation so decide, between publicly-owned companies and that organisation, of such agreements as appear to the parties to be desirable with respect to the establishment and maintenance of machinery for—

(a) the settlement by negotiation of terms and conditions of employment of persons employed by the Corporation and by publicly-owned companies with provision for reference to arbitration in default of such settlement in such cases as may be determined by or under the agreements; and

(b) the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting the safety, health and welfare of persons employed by the Corporation and by publicly-owned companies and the discussion of other matters of mutual interest to the Corporation and those companies and such persons, including efficiency in the operation of the business of the Corporation and those companies.

(2) The Corporation shall send to the Minister and the Minister of Labour and National Service copies of any such agreement as aforesaid and of any instrument varying the terms of any such agreement.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting the Corporation or a publicly-owned company from taking part together with other employers or organisations of employers in the establishment and maintenance of machinery for the settlement of terms and conditions of employment and the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting the safety, health and welfare of persons employed by them and the discussion of other matters of mutual interest to them and persons employed by them.

40.—(1) The Minister may make regulations for all or any of the following purposes, that is to say—

(a) for providing pensions to or in respect of persons who are or have been officers of the Corporation or a company which comes into public ownership;

(6) for the establishment and administration of pension schemes and pension funds for the purposes of the preceding paragraph, for the continuance, amendment, repeal or revocation of existing pension schemes relating to the like purposes and of enactments relating thereto and of trust deeds, rules or other instruments made for the purposes thereof, for

Part Y. —coni.

Provisions as to pension rights.

1416

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part V. <o$U.

the transfer in whole or in part, or for the extinguishment, of liabilities under any such existing pension schemes, and for the transfer in whole or in part, or winding up, of pension funds held for the purposes of any such existing pension schemes, so, however, that nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as authorising the diversion of any such funds to purposes other than those of the preceding paragraph;

(c) for making any provision consequential on any such provision as aforesaid including provision for the dissolution or winding up of bodies, whether incorporated or not, the continued existence whereof is unnecessary having regard to the regulations.

(2) Where provision is made by any such regulations for the amendment, repeal or revocation of any existing pension scheme or of any enactment relating thereto or any trust deed, rules or other instrument made for the purposes thereof, or for the transfer or extinguishment of any liability under any pension scheme or for the transfer or winding up of any pension fund held for the purposes of any such scheme, the regulations shall be so framed as to secure that persons having pension rights under the scheme, whether such persons as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection or not, are not placed in any worse position by reason of the amendment, repeal, revocation, transfer, extinguishment or winding up:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect subject to such limitations as the Minister may by regulations prescribe for meeting cases in which, in connection with any provision made by this Act or in anticipation of the making of any such provision, pension rights have been created otherwise than in the ordinary course.

(3) Regulations made under this section shall not be invalid by reason that in fact they do not secure that persons having pension rights are not placed in any worse position by reason of any such amendment, repeal, revocation, transfer, extinguishment or winding up as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection, but if the Minister is satisfied or it is determined as hereinafter mentioned that any such regulations have failed to secure that result, the Minister shall as soon as possible make the necessary amending regulations.

Any dispute arising as to whether or not the said result has been secured by any regulations made under this section shall be referred to a referee or board of referees appointed by

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1417

the Minister of Labour and National Service after consultation with the Lord Chancellor, or, where the proceedings are to be held in Scotland, after consultation with the Secretary of State, and the decision of that referee or board shall be final and the Corporation shall give effect to that decision.

(4) Where, by reason of any such amendment, repeal, revocation, transfer, extinguishment or winding-up as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, loss is suffered by any person (not being a publicly-owned company) liable as an employer to make contributions or to pay pensions under the existing pension scheme in question, the Corporation shall pay compensation to that person in respect of that loss, and the amount thereof shall, in default of agreement between the Corporation and that person, be determined by arbitration under this Act.

(5) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this section, regulations made under this section may contain provisions authorising any person who, being a participant m any pension scheme to which the regulations relate, becomes a member of the Corporation, being treated as if his service as a member of the Corporation were service as an officer of the Corporation, and the pension rights of any such person resulting from the operation of any such provision snail not be affected by any provision of this Act which requires that the pensions, if any, which are to be paid in the case of members of the Corporation are to.be determined by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury.

(6) Nothing in this section, and in particular nothing in subsection (2) thereof, shall be taken to derogate from the power conferred by subsection (4) of section sixty-nine of the National Insurance Act, 1946, to make regulations providing for the modifying or winding up of pension schemes in connection with the passing of that Act.

(7) Regulations made under this section may contain such supplementary and consequential provisions as the Minister thinks necessary, including provisions as to the manner in which questions arising under the regulations are to be determined and provisions adapting, modifying or repealing enactments, whether of general or special application.

(8) Regulations made under this section may be made so as to have effect from a date prior to the making thereof, so, however, that so much of any regulations as provides that any provision thereof is to have effect from a date prior to the making thereof shall not place any person other than the Corporation or a publicly-owned company in a worse position than he would have been if the regulations had been made to have effect only as from the date of the making thereof.

3 A

Part V. —cent.

1418

Part V.

—cont.

Compensation to officers in connection with transfers.

Additional provisions as to referees appointed by Minister of Labour.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

41.—(i) The Minister shall by regulations require the payment either by the Corporation or the company, in such cases and to such extent as may be specified in the regulations, of compensation to officers of any company which comes into public ownership under Part II of this Act, being officers who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights in consequence of the company becoming a publicly-owned company.

(2) Different regulations may be made under this section in relation to different classes of persons, and any such regulations may be so framed as to have effect as from a date prior to the making thereof, so, however, that so much of any regulations as provides that any provision thereof is to have effect as from a date earlier than the making thereof shall not place any person other than the Corporation or any such company in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had been made to have effect only as from the date of the making thereof.

(3) Regulations made under this section— .

(a) shall prescribe the procedure to be followed in making claims for compensation, and the manner in which and the person by whom the question whether any or what compensation is payable is to be determined; and

(b) shall in particular contain provisions enabling appeals from any determination as to whether any or what compensation is payable to be brought, in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by the regulations, before a referee or board of referees appointed by the Minister of Labour and National Service, after consultation with the Lord Chancellor or, where the proceedings are to be held in Scotland, after consultation with the Secretary of State,

and where any such provision is made as is specified in paragraph (6) of this subsection, the decision of the referee or board of referees shall be final.

(4) No regulations shall be made under this section unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

42.—(1) The Minister of Labour and National Service may, with the consent of the Treasury, pay, out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) to any referee or to the members of any board of referees appointed by him under either of the two last

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

preceding sections such fees and allowances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine; and

(6) to persons giving evidence before any such referee or board such allowances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

(2) Nothing in the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934, shall be construed as applying to any proceedings before a referee or board of referees appointed under either of the two last preceding sections by the Minister of Labour and National Service.

Iron and Steel Arbitration Tribunal.

43.—(1) For the purpose of determining any question or dispute which under any provision of this Act or any regulations made thereunder is expressly required to be determined by " arbitration under this Act/* or any matter in respect of which jurisdiction is given to the arbitration tribunal under this Act, there shall be established a tribunal called the Iron and Steel Arbitration Tribunal (in this Act referred to as " the arbitration tribunal ") and the arbitration tribunal shall, subject to the provisions of this section, hear and determine every such question, dispute or matter as aforesaid.

(2) The arbitration tribunal shall, as the Lord Chancellor may direct, either sit as a single tribunal or sit in two or more divisions, and shall, for the hearing of any proceedings, be constituted as follows: —

(a) one member shall be a barrister or solicitor and he shall be the president of the tribunal;

(b) there shall be two other members of whom one shall be a person of experience in business and the other shall be a person of experience in finance:

Provided that, in relation to any proceedings which, under the provisions of this Part of this Act, are to be treated as Scottish proceedings, this subsection shall have effect as if for the words "barrister or solicitor 0 there were substituted the words "advocate or solicitor who has practised in Scotland

(3) The members of the tribunal shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor, except that any member or members appointed by virtue of the proviso to the last preceding subsection shall be appointed by the Lord President of the

3 A2

1419

Part V. —cont.

Establishment of Iron and Steel

Arbitration

Tribunal.

1420

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part V.

—cont.

Court of Session, and any member appointed by the Lord President shall only act in relation to proceedings which are to be treated as Scottish proceedings.

(4) The members of the arbitration tribunal shall hold office for such period as may be determined at the time of their respective appointments and shall be eligible for reappointment:

Provided that—

(a) a member may at any time by not less than one month's notice in writing to the Lord Chancellor, or the Lord President of the Court of Session, as the case may be, resign his office;

(b) the Lord Chancellor, or the Lord President of the Court of Session, as the case may be, may declare the office of any member vacant on the ground that he is unfit to continue in his office;

(c) if any member becomes bankrupt or makes a composition with his creditors his office shall thereupon become vacant.

(5) Where any such question, dispute or matter as aforesaid arises out of or in connection with the transfer of the securities of any company, or in connection with the recovery of assets of any company, or in connection with any transaction of any company or in connection with the licensing of any business, and the principal place of business of the company or the principal place at which the works comprised in the business are situated, as the case may be, is in Scotland, the proceedings before the tribunal in respect of the question, dispute or matter shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be treated as Scottish proceedings.

(6) If any member of the arbitration tribunal becomes, by reason of illness or other infirmity, temporarily incapable of performing the duties of his office, the Lord Chancellor, or the Lord President of the Court of Session, as the case may be, shall appoint some other fit person to discharge his duties for any period not exceeding six months at one time, and the person so appointed shall, during that period, have the same powers as the person in whose place he was appointed.

(7) The arbitration tribunal may, at any stage in any proceedings before them, refer to a person or persons appointed by them for the purpose, any question arising m the proceedings, not being a question which in the opinion of the tribunal is primarily one of law, for inquiry and report, and the report of any such person or persons may be adopted wholly or partly by the tribunal and, if so adopted, may be incorporated in an order of the tribunal.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1421

Part V. —coni.

44.—(i) The arbitration tribunal shall be a court of record and have an official seal, which shall be judicially noticed, and any order of the tribunal shall be enforceable in England Procedure and and Wales as if it were an order of the High Court. Sforfere^/

(2) The provisions of the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934. f^itrat,ion with respect to— tnbuna

(a) the administration of oaths and the taking of affirmations; and

(b) the correction in awards of mistakes and errors; and

(c) the summoning, attendance and examination of wit-

nesses and the production of documents; and

(d) the costs of the reference and award,

shall, with any necessary modifications, apply in respect of any proceedings before the arbitration tribunal, but, save as aforesaid, the said Acts shall not apply to any such proceedings.

(3) The arbitration tribunal may, and if so ordered by the Court of Appeal shall, state in the form of a special case for determination by the Court of Appeal any question of law which may arise before them, and an appeal shall lie to the Court of Appeal on any question of law or fact from any determination or order of the arbitration tribunal on a claim under section eighteen of this Act against the directors of a company or on an application or claim under section twenty-two, section twenty-four or section twenty-five of this Act m respect of any transaction.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section, the procedure in or in connection with any proceedings before the arbitration tribunal shall be such as may be determined by rules to be made by the tribunal with the approval of the Lord Chancellor.

(5) In relation to proceedings which, under the provisions of this Part of this Act, are to be treated as Scottish proceedings, this section shall have effect subject to the following modifications—

(a) for subsections (2) and (3) there shall be substituted the following subsections—

" (2) The arbitration tribunal shall have the like powers for securing the attendance of witnesses and the production of documents, and with regard to the examination of witnesses on oath and the awarding of expenses as if the arbitration tribunal were an arbiter under a submission.

(3) The arbitration tribunal may, and if so directed by the Court of Session shall, state a case for the opinion of that Court on any question of

1422

Part V. —coni.

Transfer of proceedings from England to Scotland and from Scotland to England.

Staff and expenses of* arbitration tribunal.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12»& 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

law arising in the proceedings, and an appeal shall lie to the Court of Session on any question of law or fact from any determination or order of the arbitration tribunal on a claim under section eighteen of this Act against the directors of a company or on an application or claim under section twenty-two, section twenty-four or section twenty-five of this Act in respect of any transaction.

An appeal shall lie, with the leave of the Court of Session or of the House of Lords, from any decision of the Court of Session under this subsection, and such leave may be given on such terms as to costs or otherwise as the Court of Session or the House of Lords may determine; "

(6) in subsection (4) for the reference to the Lord Chancellor there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State,

and, in the case of any such proceedings, the tribunal shall, except in so far as for special reasons they think fit not to do so, sit in Scotland.

45. —(1) If, at any stage in any proceedings before the arbitration tribunal which would not otherwise fall to be treated as Scottish proceedings, the tribunal are satisfied that, by reason of the fact that questions of Scottish law arise or for any other reason, the proceedings ought thereafter to be treated as Scottish proceedings, the tribunal may order that they shall thereafter be so treated, and the provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect accordingly.

(2) If, at any stage in any proceedings before the arbitration tribunal which would otherwise be treated as Scottish proceedings, the tribunal are satisfied that, by reason of the fact that questions of English law arise or for any other reason, the proceedings ought not to be treated as Scottish proceedings, they may make an order that the proceedings shall thereafter not be treated as Scottish proceedings and the provisions of this Part of this Act shall nave effect accordingly.

46. —(1) The arbitration tribunal may, subject to the consent of the Treasury as to numbers, appoint such officers as they consider necessary for assisting mem in the proper execution of their duties.

(2) There shall be paid to the members of the arbitration tribunal and to any such officer as aforesaid such remuneration (whether by way of salaries or fees) and such allowances as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1423

(3) There shall be paid to any person to whom proceedings Part v. are referred by the arbitration tribunal under section forty- —cont. three of this Act for inquiry and report such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances as

the tribunal may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

(4) Any such remuneration and allowances as aforesaid and any other expenses of the arbitration tribunal shall be defrayed in the first instance by the Minister out of moneys provided by Parliament, but the amounts from time to time so paid by the Minister shall be repaid on demand to the Minister by the Corporation.

Other miscellaneous and general provisions

47. In planning and carrying out or securing the planning Duty of

and carrying out of any programme of capital development Corporation, or reorganisation of activities relating to carbonisation, the Board" Gas & Corporation shall consult with the National Coal Board, with council and the Gas Council and with any Area Gas Board in whose area Area Gas those activities are or are to be.carried on; and in planning Boards to and carrying out any such programme in respect of their con8ulJ 'vith activities relating to carbonisation the National Coal Board cS^nisation shall consult with the Corporation. development.

48. The Corporation shall take such steps as appear to Treatment of them to be necessary to secure compliance by the publicly- a^or owned companies with any conditions imposed or deemed to be imposed under the Town and Country Planning Act,

1947, with respect to the treatment of land after iron ore has been extracted therefrom with a view to restoring the land to its former or some other beneficial use.

49. If any sum required by any judgment or order to be Liability of

paid by a company which at the time of the judgment or Corporation order is a publicly-owned company, or has at any time since of

the cause of action arose been a publicly-owned company, is owned7* not paid by the company within fourteen days from the date companies, on which execution becomes leviable to enforce the judgment

or order, the Corporation s’

Corporation accordingly.

Where any such sum as aforesaid is required to be paid in respect of a liability arising under a contract made by the company, the cause of action shall be deemed, for the purposes of this section, to have arisen at the time when the contract was made.

that judgment or order

1424

Part V. —coni. Constitution and

proceedings of publicly-owned companies.

Regulations.

Duty to '

furnish

information.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

50. —(i) The provisions of the Ninth Schedule to this Act, which relate to the constitution and proceedings of publicly-owned companies, shall have effect in relation to any such company so long as it remains in public ownership, notwithstanding any enactment or other instrument applicable to the company, and when any company comes into public ownership or ceases to be in public ownership, the Corporation shall, as soon as possible thereafter, publish that fact in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes.

(2) The Corporation shall keep at their principal office a list, which shall be available for inspection during business hours, of the companies which are for the time being publicly-owned companies and of the other companies (to be shown separately) which are for the time being subsidiaries of the Corporation and shall furnish a copy of the list to any person on demand and on the payment of such reasonable charge as the Corporation may require.

51. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations and the power conferred by section four of this Act to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and any such statutory instrument, except an instrument which is required to be laid before Parliament in draft, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(2) Any order made under this Act may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order made in like manner and subject to the like conditions.

52. —(1) It shall be the duty of every company specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, and every company which on the twenty-ninth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, was a subsidiary of such a company, and every person in whom are vested any property or rights which were on or after the said day property or rights of any company so specified or any subsidiary thereof or which are derived from such property or rights, and every other person who carries on any of the activities specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act—

(a) to produce to any person authorised by the Minister, on production by that person, if so required, of a duly authenticated document showing his authority, such books of account, records and documents, to supply copies of and extracts from such books, records and documents, and to furnish such other information, as may reasonably be

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1425

required by the Minister for the purposes of the provisions of this Act or by the Corporation for the purposes of Part II and Part IV of this Act; and

(6) to provide facilities for the examination of any such books, records and documents, and the taking of copies thereof and extracts therefrom, and facilities for inspecting any property of the said company or other person for the purpose of verifying other information furnished by him as aforesaid:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any company after it has come into public ownership, and shall cease to have effect on the expiration of a period of twelve months from the general date of transfer, except so far as it applies for the purposes of Part III of this Act.

(2) If any person fails to comply with the requirements of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds and, if the default in respect of which he is so convicted is continued after the conviction, he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable in respect thereof on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds for each day on which the default is so continued.

53. —(1) No information relating to any individual business, or to the interest of any person in any shares, obtained under the preceding provisions of this Act, shall, without the previous consent in writing of the owner for the time being of that business or of that person be published or disclosed unless—

(a) the publication or disclosure is required in connection with the execution or for the purposes of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder; or

(b) the publication or disclosure is required for the purposes of any proceedings under this Act or any report of those proceedings.

(2) If any person publishes or discloses any information in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine or, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

54. If any person, in giving any information, making any claim or giving any notice for the purposes of any provision of this Act or of any regulation thereunder, makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material

3 A *

Part V. —oont.

Disclosure of information.

False

information.

1426

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part v. particular, or recklessly makes any statement which is false

—cont. in a material particular, he shall be liable on summary con-

viction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine, or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

Provisions as to prosecutions and as to offences by corporations.

55.—(i) Proceedings for an offence under this Act shall not, in England and Wales, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions.

(2) Where an offence under the last preceding section or any regulation made under this Act has been committed by a body corporate, evety person who at the time of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was purporting to act in such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence unless he proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

In this subsection the expression " director ", in relation to the Corporation or any other body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by the members thereof, means a member of the Corporation or that body corporate.

Service of 56. Any notice or other document required or authorised notices, etc. by or under this Act or regulations made thereunder to be given, delivered or served may, without prejudice to any provisions in that behalf of any such regulations, be given, delivered or served either—

(a) by delivering it to the person to whom it is to be given or delivered or on whom it is to be served; or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known address of that person; or

(c) by sending it in a prepaid letter which shall, in the case of a notice required to be served under section thirteen, section twenty, section twenty-one or section twenty-three, be a registered letter, addressed to that person at his usual or last known address; or

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72 1427

Act, 1949

(d) in the case of an incorporated company or body or Part v. the arbitration tribunal, by delivering it to the —con*. secretary or clerk of the company, body or tribunal at their registered or principal office or sending it in a prepaid letter addressed to the secretary or clerk of the company, body or tribunal at

that office; or

(e) if it is not practicable after reasonable enquiry to ascertain the name or address of a person to whom it should be given or delivered, or on whom it should be served, as being a person having any interest in premises, by addressing it to him by the description of the person having that interest in the premises (naming them) to which it relates, and delivering it to some responsible person on the premises, or. affixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

57. Any administrative expenses incurred by the Minister Expenses of or any other Minister of the Crown or Government depart-the Minister, ment under this Act shall be paid out of moneys provided

by Parliament, and any sums received by the Minister or by any other Minister of the Crown or Government department under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

58. Nothing in this Act whereby any power to give direc- Saving for

tions or issue licences is conferred on the Minister shall be cJ^?olJ?ower8

taken as affecting the exercise, in relation to any person as ^Ministers

respects whom that power is exercisable, of any power con- Government

ferred by or under any enactment other than this Act on departments

any Minister of the Crown or Government department. under other

enactments.

59. —(i) In this Act the following expressions have the interpretation, meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to

say:—

" arbitration tribunal" means the tribunal established under this Act;

" company" means a company within the meaning of the Companies Act, 1948 and a body incorporated by royal charter;

" consumer ", in relation to any products, means a person who uses those products for manufacturing purposes or is engaged in the merchanting of those products;

" date of transfer " shall be construed in accordance with section eleven of this Act;

3 A* 2

1428

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Fact V.

—cont.

" emoluments " includes any allowances, privileges or benefits, whether obtaining legally or by customary practice;

" employed" means employed as an officer and " employment " shall be construed accordingly;

" financial year "—

(a) in relation to the Corporation, means a period of twelve months ending with a day to be prescribed by regulation by the Minister so however that the first financial year shall be the period beginning with the passing of this Act and ending—

(i) if the interval between the general date of transfer under this Act and the first occurrence after that date of the prescribed day is more than six months, with that first occurrence; or

(ii) if the said interval is less than six months, with the second occurrence after the general date of transfer of the prescribed day;

and, in the case of any alteration of the prescribed day, the duration of the financial year as to which the alteration is first to have effect shall be shortened or extended as may be prescribed, by not more than six months, so as to end on the new prescribed day; and

(b) in relation to any publicly-owned company means the period for which the accounts of the company are made up for the purpose of being laid before the annual meeting, whether that period is a year or not;

" functions" means duties and powers;

" general date of transfer " shall be construed in accordance with section eleven of this Act;

" holding company " shall be construed in accordance with section one hundred and fifty-four of the Companies Act, 1948;

" iron ore" means ore containing not less than one fifth part by weight of iron;

" lease " includes an agreement for a lease and any tenancy agreement;

" loan capital ", in relation to any company, means the securities of the company which do not form part of the share capital;

" manufacturing purposes " includes the carrying-out of building operations and works of construction or civil

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

engineering and the treatment of products by any process;

" Minister" means Minister of Supply;

" net revenue ", in relation to any company, means the revenue of that company, after deducting therefrom proper provision for the redemption of capital and all charges which are proper to be made to revenue account, including, in particular, proper provision for the depreciation of assets or for renewal of assets and provision for interest on the loan capital of the company;

" officer " includes a managing director and a director whose functions are substantially those of a managing director or of an employee but not any other director, and also includes a servant;

" operate ", in relation to any works, means to be actively engaged, whether alone or with others, in the management of the works, but a person shall not be deemed to operate works by reason only that he exercises an indirect control of the management thereof by means of the holding of shares in the operating company or otherwise;

" own ", in relation to land, includes hold on lease, and " rights of ownership ", in relation to land, means an estate in fee simple or a lease, and, in the case of property owned by a member of a partnership and held by him for the purposes of the partnership, the property shall be deemed to be owned by each of the members of the partnership;

" pension ", in relation to any person, means a pension, whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsoever payable to or in respect of him, and includes a gratuity so payable and a return of contributions to a pension fund, with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto;

" pension fund" means a fund established for the purposes of paying pensions;

" pension rights " includes, in relation to any person, all forms of right to or eligibility for the present or future payment of a pension to or in respect of that person, and any expectation of the accruer of a pension to or in respect of that person under any customary practice and includes a right of allocation in respect of the present or future payment of a pension;

" pension scheme " includes any form of arrangements for the payment of pensions, whether subsisting by

1429

Part V. —coni.

1430

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part V. —cont.

virtue of an Act, trust, contract, or otherwise and also includes any customary practice under which pensions are paid;

" products ", in relation to any activities, means the direct products of those activities and does not include any by-products thereof;

*' publicly-owned company" means a company which for the tune being qualifies for inclusion in any group of bodies corporate as respects which the following conditions are for the time being fulfilled, that is to say—

(a) every body corporate of the group is either the Corporation or a subsidiary of the Corporation; and

(b) every member of every company in the group is either the Corporation or another company in the group or a nominee of the Corporation or of a company in the group;

and " public ownership ' , in relation to any company, snail be construed accordingly;

" securities ", in relation to a company, means any shares, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, mortgages, income notes, income stock, funding certificates and securities of a like nature, but does not include

(a) any security forming part of the loan capital of the company, the terms of which enable it to be redeemed, either without notice or upon not more than one year's notice, at a price not exceeding the nominal amount of the security together with any outstanding interest, at any time after the creation of the security or the expiration of a period not exceeding one year after me creation of the security; or

(b) any security forming part of the loan capital of the company which was issued after the sixteenth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and before the first day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and the terms of which require it to be redeemed within a period of ten years and seven days after the date of issue of the security;

" share " includes stock resulting from the conversion of any share into stock;

" stockholders' representative " means, in relation to a company, the individual appointed under section seventeen of this Act to represent the holders of securities of that company;

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

" subsidiary " shall be construed in accordance with section one hundred and fifty-four of the Companies Act, 1948, and " wholly owned subsidiary " shall be construed in accordance with subsection (4) of section one hundred and fifty of that Act;

" works " means—

(a) any factory (within the meaning of the Factories Act, 1937);

(b) any mine or quarry; or

(c) any premises used by way of trade or business for the purposes of the storage, transport or distribution of any articles or for the supply of electricity or other forms of power;

together with any machinery or equipment installed in any such factory, mine, quany or premises as aforesaid and any land occupied for the purposes # thereof:

Provided that the said expression does not include any factory, mine, quarry, premises or land outside Great Britain.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, the extension, alteration or re-equipment of any works, or the replacement of any machinery or equipment therein, shall not be deemed to change the identity of the works, and, in determining whether a company is operating any works at a particular time, any temporary closing of the works at that time owing to holidays, repairs or for any other reason, shall be disregarded.

(3) For the purposes of this Act, any reference to a company which comes into public ownership under Part II of this Act shall be construed as referring to any company whose securities vest in the Corporation by virtue of this Act and any company which comes into public ownership on the date of transfer of any such company as aforesaid and in consequence of the vesting of securities of any such company.

(4) References in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

60.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect Application for the purpose of the application of this Act to Scotland. to Scotland*

(2) For any reference to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, there shall be substituted a reference to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947.

(3) The expression "mortgage" includes a heritable security, " disclaim " includes abandon, and the expression

" disclaimer " shall be construed accordingly.

1431

Part V.

—con

1432

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part V. —coni.

Short title and extent.

Section t.

(4) Any reference to a Bill in Parliament shall include a reference to an order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936.

(5) For the references in section seven of this Act to paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section five and to section nine of the Town and Countiy Planning Act, 1047, there shall be substituted references to paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section three and to section seven of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, and for the reference in section forty-eight of this Act to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, there shall be substituted a reference to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947.

(6) Subsection (5) of section thirteen of this Act shall have effect as if for any reference to the Law Reform (Frustrated

• Contracts) Act, 1943, there were substituted a reference to the common law of Scotland with regard to the frustration of contracts.

(7) An order of the arbitration tribunal may be recorded for execution in the books of Council and Session and may be enforced accordingly.

61.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Iron and Steel Act, 1949.

(2) Without prejudice to the capacity of the Corporation under section two of this Act, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain.

1. The Corporation shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal and power to hold land without licence in mortmain.

2. The Corporation may act notwithstanding a vacancy among the members thereof.

3. The quorum of the Corporation shall be such number, not being less than three, as the Corporation may from time to time determine, and, where any member is disqualified from taking part in any deliberation or decision of the Corporation with respect to any matter, he shall be disregarded for the purpose of constituting a quorum of the Corporation for deliberating on or deciding that matter; and, subject as aforesaid, the Corporation may regulate their own procedure.

4. The Corporation shall appoint a secretary and may appoint such other officers and such servants as they may determine.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1433

5. The application of the seal of the Corporation shall be authen- ist Sch.

ticated by the signatures of the chairman or some other member of —coni.

the Corporation authorised by the Corporation to authenticate the application of the seal thereof, and of the secretary of the Corporation

or some person authorised by the Corporation to act in his stead in that behalf.

6. Every document purporting to be an instrument issued by the Corporation and to be sealed as aforesaid or to be signed on behalf of the Corporation shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be such an instrument without further proof unless the contrary is shown.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Iron and Steel Activities. Sections 3, n

Activity. Minimum output qualifying for acquisition. Minimum output requiring licence.

1. The working and getting of iron ore 50,000 tons 5,000 tons

2. The smelting of iron ore in a blast furnace with or without other metalliferous materials 20,000 tons 5,000 tons

3. The production in the form of ingots of steel (including alloy steel) 20,000 tons 5,000 tons

4. The changing of the cross-sectional dimensions or cross-sectional shape of steel by hot rolling in a rolling mill 20,000 tons 5,000 tons

For the purposes of this Schedule and any provisions of this Act referring to this Schedule, where a company carries on a number of processes comprised in the activity numbered 4 above, the output of that company in carrying on that activity shall be the aggregate of the output of the products of all those processes :

Provided that, where the products produced by the company by any such process are subsequently subjected by that company to a further such process, such quantities of those products as are subjected to that further process shall be disregarded in calculating the output of the company in carrying on the first-mentioned process.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Companies which fulfil condition for vesting of their Section n.

Securities.

Arthur Lee & Sons (Hot Rolling Mills) Ltd.

Bairds & Scottish Steel Ltd.

Barrow Haematite Steel Co. Ltd.

Barrow Ironworks Ltd.

The Beckermet Mining Co. Ltd.

Birchley Rolling Mills Ltd.

1434

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

3rd Sch. The Briton Ferry Steel Co. Ltd.

—cont. . Brown Bayley's Steel Works Ltd.

Brymbo Steel Works Ltd.

Burnell & Co. Ltd.

The Byfield Ironstone Co. Ltd.

The Bynea Steel Works Ltd.

Cargo Fleet Iron Co. Ltd.

Colvilles Ltd.

Consett Iron Co. Ltd.

The Cranford Ironstone Co. Ltd.

The Crosby Ironstone Co. Ltd.

Darlington & Simpson Rolling Mills Ltd.

Darwen and Mostyn Iron Co. Ltd.

The District Iron and Steel Co. Ltd.

Dixon’s Ironworks Ltd.

Dorman, Long & Co. Ltd.

The Elba Tinplate Co. Ltd.

English Steel Corporation Ltd.

The Etna Iron & Steel Co. Ltd.

Firth Brown Steels Ltd.

Gjers, Mills & Co. Ltd.

The Glamorgan Hematite Iron Ore Co. Ltd.

The Glynhir Tin Plate Co. Ltd.

Goldendale Iron Co. Ltd.

The Gorse Galvanizing Co. Ltd.

Guest, Keen & Nettlefolds (South Wales) Ltd. Guest Keen Baldwins Iron & Steel Co. Ltd. Hadfields Ltd.

Hadfields Steels Ltd.

The Hallamshire Steel and File Co. Ltd.

The Hodbarrow Mining Co. Ltd.

Irchester Ironstone Co. Ltd.

James Pain Ltd.

J. J. Habershon & Sons Ltd.

John Bagnall and Sons Ltd.

John Baker & Bessemer Ltd.

John Lysaght’s Scunthorpe Works Ltd. Johnson’s Iron and Steel Co. Ltd.

John Summers & Sons Ltd.

The Kettering Iron and Coal Co. Ltd.

The Lanarkshire Steel Co. Ltd.

The Lancashire Steel Corporation Ltd.

The Lilleshall Iron & Steel Co. Ltd.

The Llanelly Steel Co. (1907) Ltd.

The Loddington Ironstone Co. Ltd.

London Works (Barlows) Ltd.

The Millom & Askam Hematite Iron Co. Ltd. Monks, Hall & Co. Ltd.

Naylor Benzon Mining Co. Ltd.

The Neath Steel Sheet and Galvanizing Co. Ltd. The New Cransley Iron and Steel Co. Ltd.

The New Jarrow Steel Co. Ltd.

The Oxfordshire Ironstone Co. Ltd.

The Park Gate Iron and Steel Co. Ltd*

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1435

Partridge Jones & John Paton Ltd. 3rd Sch.

The Patent Shaft and Axletree Co. Ltd. —coni.

Pease & Partners Lingdale Ironstone Mines Ltd.

Pease & Partners Normanby Iron Works Ltd.

Raine & Co. Ltd.

The Renishaw Iron Co. Ltd.

Richard Hill Ltd.

Richard Thomas & Baldwins Ltd.

Round Oak Steel Works Ltd.

Samuel Fox and Co. Ltd.

The Santon Mining Co. Ltd.

The Sheepbridge Co. Ltd.

The Sheffield Forge and Rolling Mills Co. Ltd.

Shelton Iron, Steel & Coal Co. Ltd.

The Skinningrove Iron Co. Ltd.

Smith & McLean Ltd.

South Durham Steel and Iron Co. Ltd.

The Stanton Ironworks Co. Ltd.

The Staveley Iron and Chemical Co. Ltd.

The Steel Company of Scotland Ltd.

The Steel Company of Wales Ltd.

The Steel Company of Wales (Lysaght Works) Ltd.

Stewarts & Lloyds Ltd.

Taylor Bros, and Co. Ltd.

The Templeborough Rolling Mills Ltd.

Thos. Filth & John Brown Ltd.

The Ullcoats Mining Co. Ltd.

The United Steel Companies Ltd.

The Upper Forest and Worcester Steel and Tin Plate Works Ltd.

The Wellington?’ Iron Co. Ltd.

The Whitehead Iron and Steel Co. Ltd.

The Whitehead Thomas Bar and Strip Co. Ltd.

William Beardmore & Co. Ltd.

Wolverhampton Corrugated Iron Co. Ltd.

The Wolverhampton Steel and Iron Company (1946) Ltd.

W. Wesson & Co. Ltd.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Issue of British Iron and Steel Stock in satisfaction of Sections 15 ft 33.

Compensation.

Part I.

Provisions applicable to securities with values determined before the

date of transfer.

1. This Part of this Schedule shall apply to securities in respect of which compensation is payable under Part II of this Act and the values of which are declared by order of the Minister to have been determined under the said Part II before the date of transfer. 2

2. The persons who, immediately before the date of transfer, were the holders of any securities to which this Part of this Schedule applies shall, by virtue of this Act, become instead on that date the holders of

1436

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

4th Sch. the amount of British Iron and Steel Stock to which they are entitled —cont. under this Act in satisfaction of compensation payable in respect of the securities, and the transitional provisions contained in the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall apply pending the registration of that stock under that Schedule.

3. The interest on the said stock shall begin to accrue as from the date of transfer.

4. Where the holder of any securities becomes, under this Part of this Schedule, instead the holder of British Iron and Steel Stock, he shall hold that stock in the same right and on the same trusts and subject to the same powers, privileges, charges, restraints and liabilities as those in, on or subject to which he held those securities, and any provision of any deed, will, disposition or other instrument, and any statutory provision as to what is to be done by the holder of the securities or the redemption moneys thereof, shall, with any necessary modifications, have effect in relation to the said stock as it would have had effect in relation to the securities if they had not vested in the Corporation by virtue of this Act.

5. Nothing in this Part of this Schedule affects the making of any payment or distribution, in accordance with the provisions of Part II of this Act relating to the final payment of dividends and interest, to the holders of securities to which this Part applies.

Part II.

Provisions applicable to other securities.

1. —(1) The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall apply to such of the securities in respect of which compensation is payable under Part II of this Act as are not securities to which Part I of this Schedule applies.

(2) In this Part of this Schedule, the expression " the conversion date " means, in relation to any securities, such date as may be specified in relation thereto by order of the Minister, being a date as soon as conveniently may be after the compensation payable in respect of those securities has been determined.

2. During the period beginning with the date of transfer and ending immediately before the conversion date, the persons who, immediately before the date of transfer, were the holders of securities to which this Part of this Schedule applies, shall have the following rights, namely,—

(a) the right to have the amount of British Iron and Steel Stock

to which they are entitled under this Act in satisfaction of compensation payable in respect of the securities; and

(b) the right to the payment of interest under paragraph 5 of this

Part of this Schedule;

and those rights shall be transferable in like manner as the securities were transferable, and the Corporation shall make arrangements for recording the persons who are the holders thereof; and the documents of title which before the date of transfer related to those securities shall be treated as applicable to those rights.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1437

3. The holders of any such rights shall, by virtue of this Act, become instead on the conversion date the holders of the amount of British Iron and Steel Stock to which they are entitled, and the transitional provisions contained in the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall apply pending the registration of the stock under that Schedule.

4. Interest on the said stock shall begin to accrue as from the date of transfer.

5. —(1) The Corporation shall, on such dates as the Minister may direct, make to the persons who are, at such times as may be specified in the direction, holders of any such rights as aforesaid, payments of interest not exceeding the amount which, in the opinion of the Corporation, will be found to have accrued on the British Iron and Steel Stock ultimately issued under paragraph 3 of this Part of this Schedule in satisfaction of compensation payable in respect of the securities.

(2) If the amounts paid by the Corporation under this paragraph in respect of any such rights are equal to or greater than the amount of interest which is found to have accrued, for the period beginning with the date of transfer and ending immediately before the conversion date, on the'British Iron and Steel Stock created and issued as aforesaid in satisfaction of compensation payable in respect of the securities, the interest so found to have accrued shall be treated as discharged.

(3) If the amount paid as aforesaid is less than the amount found to have accrued as aforesaid on the British Iron and Steel Stock created and issued as aforesaid in satisfaction of compensation payable in respect of the securities, the amount so found to have accrued shall be treated as discharged to the extent of the amount so paid and the balance shall be added to and treated as part of the interest (being interest accruing on and after the conversion date), which first falls to be paid after the conversion date on that stock.

(4) Any amount payable under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph which has not been paid by reason that it has not been possible to discover the person entitled thereto or that the title thereto has not been established or that a cheque or warrant issued for the purpose of making payment thereof has not been encashed shall, for the purposes of sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) of this paragraph (but not for any other purposes) be treated as paid. 6

6. Where there are conferred on the holder of any securities the rights mentioned in paragraph 2 hereof, he shall hold those rights in the same right and on the same trusts and subject to the same powers, privileges, charges, restraints and liabilities as those in, on or subject to which he held those securities, and where the person entitled to those rights becomes under this Part of this Schedule instead the holder of British Iron and Steel Stock, he shall hold that stock in the same right and on the same trusts and subject to the same powers, privileges, charges, restraints and liabilities as those in, on or subject to which he held those rights; and any provision of any deed, will, disposition or other instrument and any statutory provision as to what is to be done by the holder of the securities or the redemption

4TB SCH. —coni.

1438

4TH Sch.

—cont.

Section 17.

Appointment of stockholders’ representative.

Filling of vacancy in office of stockholders’ representative.

Notice of appointment.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

moneys thereof shall, with any necessary modifications, have effect in relation to the said rights and the said stock as it would have had effect in relation to the securities but for the provisions of this Act.

7. Nothing in this Part of this Schedule affects the making of any payment or distribution in accordance with the provisions of Part II of this Act relating to the final payment of dividends and interest to the holders of securities to which this Part applies.

8. The power conferred on the Treasury by section seventy-four of the Finance Act, 1948, to direct, in connection with any statutory scheme for the carrying on of an industry under national ownership under which provision is made for the transfer of the undertaking of a body corporate, that as from the date of the transfer of the undertaking, transfers of the securities of the body corporate shall be exempt from all stamp duties, shall extend to a direction, as respects the rights referred to in paragraph 2 of this Part of this Schedule, that, as from the date of transfer, transfers of those rights shall be so exempt.

9. The Corporation shall have, in relation to any such rights, the like power as the company which issued the securities by virtue of which those rights are conferred has, in relation to those securities, under the Forged Transfers Acts, 1891 and 1892.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Provisions as to Office of Stockholders' Representative,

Meetings of Holders of Securities and Incidental Matters. 1 2 3 *

1. A stockholders’ representative shall be appointed for each company by the holders of securities at a meeting of those holders called by the company, and shall be appointed not later than two months before the date of transfer.

Provided that, if the holders of securities fail to appoint a stockholders’ representative within the required time, the Minister shall appoint such a representative.

2. Where the office of a stockholders' representative is about to become vacant or has become vacant, otherwise than in consequence of the completion of his duties under this Act, a stockholders' representative to fill the vacancy shall be appointed at a meeting of the holders of securities called—

(a) if the office is not yet vacant, by the stockholders’ representative;

(b) if the office is vacant and the meeting is called before the date

of transfer, by the company; or

(c) in any other case, by the Minister :

Provided that if the appointment has not been made within two months after the vacancy occurred, the appointment may be made by the Minister.

3. Every stockholders' representative shall, as soon as practicable after

his appointment, give notice in writing thereof to the Minister (unless lie was appointed by the Minister) and to the registrar of companies

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

and shall, except in the case of a private company, insert an advertisement of his appointment in such one or more newspapers as in his opinion is or are best calculated to bring the appointment to the notice of the holders of securities; and the advertisement shall state the name of the company, the full name and description of the stockholders’ representative, the. address to which communications for him are to be sent and any other matters which the stockholders’ representative thinks fit to include.

4. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph,— Resignation

(a) a stockholders’ representative may resign his office by giving J^office.

not less than one month's notice in writing to the Minister and, if he was appointed by the holders of securities, to every such holder, and his office shall become vacant on the date specified in the notice;

(b) a stockholders’ representative may be removed from his office

by a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of securities, and his office shall become vacant on the passing of the resolution; and

(c) in the case of a stockholders’ representative appointed by the Minister, who becomes, in the Minister’s opinion, unfit to continue in his office or incapable of performing his duties, the Minister may, by notice in writing to the holders of securities and to the stockholders’ representative, declare his office to be vacant and his office shall become vacant on the date specified in the notice.

(2) A resolution for the removal of a stockholders’ representative shall not be moved unless fourteen days’ notice of the intention to do so has been given to every holder of securities, and any such notice may be included in the notice calling the meeting and, if not so included, may be given in like manner as the notice calling the meeting.

(3) Where a stockholders' representative resigns his office,—

(a) he shall, before his resignation takes effect, call a meeting of

the holders of securities for the appointment of his successor;

(b) if a new stockholders' representative is appointed before the _ day preceding the taking effect of his resignation, he shall,

before it takes effect, deliver all books kept by him in the performance of his duties to his successor, and in any other case he shall deliver them to the Minister on the day before his resignation takes effect; and

(e) he shall furnish such information with respect to any matters which have arisen in connection with the performance of his duties as his successor may reasonably require.

(4) When a stockholders’ representative is removed from his office, he shall deliver to the Minister, or as the Minister may direct, all books kept by him in the performance of his duties and shall furnish to the Minister such information relating to any matters which have arisen in connection with the performance of those duties as the Minister may reasonably require. 5

5. —(1) Where a stockholders' representative dies not less than Death of fourteen days before the date of transfer, the company shall forthwith

1439

5TH SCH.

—cont.

1440

5TH SCH. —coni.

Meetings of holders of securities.

Procedure for calling meetings.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

give notice thereof to the Minister and to every holder of securities, and the aforesaid books shall as soon as practicable be delivered by his legal personal representative, or, so far as any of them are in the possession or control of any other person, by that other person, to the Minister or as the Minister may direct.

(2) Where a stockholders' representative dies less than fourteen days before, or on or after the date of transfer, the appropriate person specified in the preceding sub-paragraph shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Minister, and shall as soon as practicable deliver any such books as aforesaid to the Minister or as the Minister may direct.

6. —(1) A stockholders’ representative may at any time call a meeting of holders of securities, and shall call such a meeting within twenty-one days of the service on him of such a requisition as is mentioned hereafter in this paragraph.

(2) A stockholders’ representative may at any time call a meeting of such class or classes of holders of securities as are exclusively affected by any matter dealt with by him in the performance of his duties, so, however, that the business of any such meeting shall be confined to matters affecting exclusively the class or classes summoned to that meeting.

(3) A requisition to a stockholders' representative to call a meeting of holders of securities may be made by holders of securities representing not less than

(a) one-tenth of the aggregate nominal value of the securities of

the company in respect of which compensation is payable under the Act; or

(b) one-fifth of the aggregate nominal value of any class of such

securities;

and every requisition shall state the purpose of the meeting and shall be signed by the requisitionists and deposited with the stockholders’ representative, and may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more of the requisitionists.

(4) If the stockholders’ representative does not within twenty-one days after the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to call the meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing not less than one-twentieth of the aggregate nominal value of the said securities or, as the case may be, one-tenth of the aggregate nominal value of the said class of securities, may themselves call the meeting.

(5) Any expenses reasonably incurred by the requisitionists in calling a meeting under the last preceding sub-paragraph shall be repaid to them by the stockholders' representative and shall, except to the extent of any excess over the expenses which would have been incurred by the stockholders’ representative if the meeting had been called by him, be deemed to be expenses incurred by him in the exercise of his functions.

7. —(1) A meeting of holders of securities shall be called by notice in writing served on every such holder not less than fourteen but not more than forty days before the date of the meeting.

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72 1441

Act, 1949

(2) The said notice shall state that the meeting is to be held under 5T11 Sen.

this Schedule, shall state the purpose of the meeting and the place, —cont.

date and time at which it is to be held, and shall draw attention to

the provisions of this Schedule relating to proxies and specify the address at which proxies for the meeting are to be deposited, and, if the notice is served, a form of instrument for appointing a proxy, being the form set out in the Appendix to this Schedule, shall be served therewith.

(3) If a meeting is adjourned for more than two weeks this paragraph shall apply to the adjourned meeting as it applies to the original meeting, but save as aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give notice of an adjourned meeting.

(4) The accidental omission to give notice to, or the non-receipt of such notice by any holder of securities shall not invalidate the proceedings at the meeting.

8. -— (1)An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the form set Proxies,

out in the Appendix to this Schedule or in a form as near thereto as circumstances admit, and shall be in writing under the hand of the appointer or of an attorney duly authorised by him in writing, or, if

the appointer is a corporation, shall be either under seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised by the corporation in writing.

(2) A proxy need not be a holder of securities.

(3) The appointment of a proxy shall not be valid unless the instrument of appointment, and the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed or a notarially certified copy of that power or authority, is deposited at the address specified for the purpose in the notice convening the meeting, not less than forty-eight hours before the time for holding the meeting.

(4) An appointment of a proxy may be made for one or more meetings, and any appointment for a meeting shall be deemed to apply to any adjournment thereof.

9. —(1) The holders of securities present in person at any meeting Procedure shall choose one of their number to be chairman, and for that purpose at meetin8s-the persons present in person at any meeting shall be a quorum.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, holders of securities present in person or by proxy representing not less than one-twentieth of the aggregate nominal value of the securities of the company in respect of which compensation is payable under this Act shall be a quorum.

(3) If within half an hour of the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present, the chairman shall adjourn the meeting to a place, date and time determined by him (which shall if practicable be the same place and the same day and time in the following week), and if at that adjourned meeting a quorum is not present at the appointed time or* within thirty minutes thereafter, the holders of securities present in person or by proxy shall be a quorum. 4

(4) At any meeting voting shall be by holders of securities present in person or by proxy, and a resolution put to the vote of the meeting

1442

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 6

5TH SCH.

—cont.

Voting by joint holders of securities, persons unfit to act and personal representatives.

Rights ol trustees under trust deed.

Class meetings.

Service upon holders of securities.

shall be decided on a show of hands unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded by persons present in person or by proxy representing not less than one-twentieth of the aggregate nominal value aforesaid.

(5) A poll, if so demanded, shall be taken in such manner as the chairman may direct, and on any such poll every holder voting shall be entitled to one vote for each pound by nominal value of the securities held by him.

(6) In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, the chairman of the meeting shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

(7) An entry in any minutes or record kept with respect to any meeting by the stockholders* representative, or, before the appointment of stockholders* representative or during a vacancy in that office, by a person authorised in that behalf by the chairman of the meeting, shall, if signed by the chairman of the meeting or by the chairman of a meeting at which the minutes or record were or was read, be evidence of the matter so recorded.

(8) The proceedings at any meeting of holders of securities shal not be invalidated by any defect discovered after the meeting in the qualifications to vote of any person who voted at the meeting.

10. —(i) In the case of a joint holding of securities, the vote of the senior joint holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and for this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand or stood in the relevant register or, if there is no register, in the relevant document of title.

(2) Any person who has been duly authorised to act on behalf of a holder of securities who is of unsound mind, may vote on his behalf.

11. Where any class of securities is secured by a trust deed and any trustee thereof is not a holder of securities, notice of any meeting of holders of securities held under this Schedule shall be served on him, and any such trustee may attend and speak at any such meeting, but shall not be entitled to vote.

12. The provisions of paragraphs 7 to 11 inclusive of this Schedule shall with the requisite modifications apply in relation to a meeting of a class or classes of holders of securities as they apply in relation to a meeting of holders of securities of all classes.

13. —(1) In addition to the methods of serving documents under section fifty-six of this Act, any notice or statement required under this Schedule to be served on, or given or sent to, any holder of securities who is entered in a register kept by the company or any record kept by the Corporation under Part II of the Fourth Schedule to this Act or under the Seventh Schedule to this Act, may be so served, given or sent by sending it in a prepaid letter addressed to that bolder at the address entered in the register or record and, in the case of a joint holding of securities, may be sent to the senior holder as determined for the purpose of paragraph 10 of this Schedule.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1443

(2) In the case of holders of bearer securities,' any notice required 5 Sch. under this Schedule to be given or served may be given by advertise- —com.

ment in such one or more newspapers as in the opinion of the person required to give or serve the notice is or are best calculated to bring the matter in question to the notice of those holders.

14. Any corporation who are holders of securities may by reso- Coiporations lution of their directors or other governing body authorise such person ac ting by re-as they think fit to act as their representative at any meeting ofpresen a ve#-holders of securities; and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as that corporation could exercise if they were an individual holder of securities.

15.—(1) Every stockholders’ representative shall keep proper books Minutes and in which shall appear— records.

(a) a record of every matter dealt with by him in the performance

of his duties under this Act; and

(b) minutes of the proceedings of every meeting of holders of

securities, which shall include a record of every resolution passed.

(2) All such books shall be open at any reasonable hour to inspection by any holder of securities, or by any person authorised in writing in that behalf by any such holder.

16. —(1) As soon as practicable after he has completed his duties Completion

under this Schedule, each ^stockholders’ representative shall— of duties.

(a) prepare a statement showing how he has carried out those

duties;

(b) send to the Minister and to the Corporation and to every

holder of securities copies of that statement; and

(c) call a meeting of the holders of securities.

(2) The stockholders’ representative shall present the said statement at the said meeting and shall give any explanation thereof that may reasonably be required by any holder of securities present thereat.

17. —(1) In this Schedule the expression " holder of securities ", in interpretation, relation to a stockholders' representative or the appointment of a stockholders’ representative, means any holder of securities of the

company for which he is or is to be appointed, or any holder of rights in respect of those securities under Part II of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, or any persons to whom those securities or rights are transferred. 2

(2) Expressions to which meanings are assigned by any provision of this Act shall bear the same meanings in any notice, minute or other document given, served or made under this Schedule.

1444

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

APPENDIX IRON AND STEEL ACT, 1949

Appointment of proxy for voting

[The [Company] Limited.

I/We

of in the County of

as a holder of (a) in the above named

company Hereby Appoint

of [or, failing him

of )

as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the meeting of holders of securities to be held under the Fifth Schedule to the above* mentioned Act on the day of 19....

and at any adjournment thereof, W resolution to be

submitted.

Dated this day of 19....

(a) Name the class of the company’s securities which arc held or in respect of which rights under Part II of the Fourth Schedule to the above mentioned Act are held.

(b) Delete whichever is not desired; if ^either is deleted, the proxy will vote as he thinks fit.

(c) Signature of appointer or attorney, or, in the case of a company, seal of the company, or signature of authorised officer or attorney.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Section 23. ACQUISITION OF CERTAIN ASSETS.

i. Where a notice of acquisition is served under section twenty-three ol this Act and is not withdrawn or revoked, there shall vest, by virtue of this Act, in such publicly-owned company as may be specified in the notice, on such date not earlier than the general date of transfer as may be agreed by the Corporation and the person on whom the notice is served (in this Schedule referred to as " the transferor ") or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by arbitration under this Act—

(a) the rights to which the notice relates;

(b) in a case where the vesting of those rights involves the transfer

of the operation of any works from the transferor to the company, all such property and rights of the transferor

1949

Ch. 72

1445

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

as may be agreed or determined as aforesaid to be property 6th Sch. and rights held by the transferor wholly or mainly for the —coni.

purposes of the business carried on by him at the works; and

(c) such other property and rights, being property or rights held by the transferor for the purposes of the business carried on by him, as may be so agreed or determined to be property which cannot reasonably be severed from property or rights referred to in sub-paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph (6) hereof and ought to be held in the same ownership.

2. All such agreements, whether in writing or not and whether or not of such a nature that the rights or liabilities thereunder could be assigned by the transferor, being agreements to which the transferor was a party and which are agreed by the Corporation and the transferor or, in default of agreement, determined by arbitration under this Act,—

(a) to have been entered into for the purposes of, or in connection with, the use or exercise of any property or rights which vest in pursuance of the notice of acquisition; and

(b) to be agreements which ought to be transferred with that

property or those rights;

shall have effect as from the date aforesaid as if the publicly-owned company had been a party to the agreement, and for any reference (however worded and whether express or implied) to the transferor there were substituted as respects anything falling to be done on or after the said date, a reference to the publicly-owned company, and with such other modifications as may be necessary to transfer rights, liabilities and obligations under the agreement, so far as unpeifoimed, from the transferor to the said company:

Provided that, if the arbitration tribunal are satisfied, on the application of the Corporation, that any such agreement could, if the transferor had been a company whose securities vested in the Corporation by virtue of this Act, have been disclaimed under Part II of this Act, they shall exclude that agreement from transfer under this paragraph.

3. There shall be paid by the Corporation to the transferor, by way of compensation for the property and rights vested or transferred in pursuance of the notice of acquisition, such amount as they might have been expected to realise if—

(a) they had been sold on the said date in the open market by

a willing seller to a willing buyer;

(b) in so far as they comprised a business capable of being sold

as a going concern, they had been so sold; and

(c) this Act had not been passed;

and any question as to the amount of compensation to be paid under this paragraph shall, in default of agreement between the Corporation and the transferor, be determined by arbitration under this Act. 4

4. —(1) All property and rights which vest under this Schedule shall vest free of any mortgage or other like encumbrance, but, where any such property or right was, immediately before the said date,

1446

6th Sen. —coni.

Section 33.

Issue of stock.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

subject to a mortgage or other like encumbrance (other than a floating charge which will attach to the compensation), so much of any compensation as is properly referable to that property or right shall be paid to the encumbrancer, and if the property or right was subject to two or more mortgages or other like encumbrances, the payment shall be made to the encumbrancer whose mortgage or other encumbrance has priority.

(2) Where a payment is made to an encumbrancer under this paragraph, the encumbrancer shall be liable to account therefor as if it had accrued to him as proceeds of sale of the property or right in question arising under a power of sale exercised by him immediately before the said date.

5. The compensation payable under the preceding provisions of this Schedule by the Corporation shall be satisfied by the issue to the transferor of such amount of British Iron and Steel Stock as, in the opinion of the Treasury, was on the general date of transfer of a value equal to that compensation, regard being had (in estimating the value of the stock so issued) to the market value of government securities at or about the general date of transfer; and the Corporation shall be liable to pay interest on that amount, at such rates as the Treasury may determine, from the said date (that is, the date referred to in paragraph 1 of this Schedule) until the date of payment.

6. References in this Schedule to the vesting of rights shall, in the case of rights which have been granted out of or derived from greater rights held by the publicly owned company specified in the notice of acquisition so that the surrender thereof results in their merger in those greater rights, be construed as references to the surrender of the rights so granted or derived.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE

Provisions as to British Iron and Steel Stock Issue and redemption of stock

1.—(1) All British Iron and Steel Stock (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " stock ") issued by the Corporation under this Act shall be redeemable stock and shall be created and issued in pursuance of a resolution or resolutions passed by the Corporation.

(2) The Corporation may issue such class or classes of stock as they may determine, but each class of stock shall have a distinctive title and shall be issued on the terms and subject to the conditions that all stock at any time belonging to that class shall bear the same rate of interest, shall become redeemable on the same conditions and shall in all other respects be of the same character. 3

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, stock may be issued at such date, by such method, for such amount, at such price, at such rate of interest and subject to redemption on such conditions, as the Corporation with the consent of the Minister and the approval of the Treasury may determine.

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

(4) The Corporation may, by resolution, revoke at any time, in whole or in part, any resolution passed by them for the creation of any stock, in so far as the stock has not been issued thereunder, and notice of any such revocation shall forthwith be given to the Minister.

2. —(i) Unless previously redeemed or required by this Act to be cancelled, stock shall be redeemed immediately at the expiration of such period as the Corporation with the consent of the Minister and the approval of the Treasury may determine in accordance with the preceding paragraph.

(2) Unless redeemed by means of periodical drawings, no stock (other than stock required by this Act to be cancelled) shall be liable to be redeemed before the expiration of the latest date for redemption specified in the resolution creating such stock unless at least three months’ notice of intention to redeem the same has been given.

3. —(1) For the redemption of stock there shall be carried in each year of the prescribed period applicable to the stock to an Account (in this Schedule referred to as "a Redemption Fund Account ") of the Corporation a sum or sums for redeeming or purchasing such stock.

(2) There shall be a separate Redemption Fund Account for all the stock to which each particular prescribed period relates.

(3) The sums to be carried to each Redemption Fund Account shall be either:—

(a) equal yearly or half-yearly sums sufficient without accumulations to redeem or purchase the stock to which the Account relates at the expiration of the prescribed period, or

(b) equal yearly or half-yearly sums which, if accumulated at compound interest with such rests and at such rate as the Corporation with the consent of the Minister and the Treasury may from time to time determine, would be sufficient to redeem or purchase the stock to which the Account relates at the expiration of such period, and, in addition thereto, a sum equivalent to interest on the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Account at the rate on which the aforesaid equal yearly or half-yearly sums are based.

(4) The first contribution to each Redemption Fund Account shall be made within twelve months, or, when the sums are to be carried to the Redemption Fund Account half-yearly, within six months, from the commencement of the prescribed period.

4—(1) The Corporation shall from time to time apply the whole or such part as may be necessary of any sums standing to the credit of any Redemption Fund Account in or towards the redemption, according to the terms of issue, of the stock to which the Account relates.

The Corporation may, in so far as any such sums are not required to be applied as aforesaid, from time to time apply those sums in purchasing any stock to which the Account relates, not being stock

1447

7TH SCH. —coni.

Redeemability of stock.

Redemption Fund Accounts.

Application of sums in Redemption Fund Accounts.

1448

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

7th Sch. of which the terms of issue require redemption to take place by

—cont. means of periodical drawings (whether or not such drawings are

combined with any other method of redemption).

(2) In so far as such sums have not been applied under the preceding sub-paragraph, the Corporation shall invest the said sums in statutory securities and the annual proceeds arising from every such investment shall be carried to revenue account.

(3) Where the sums to be carried to any Redemption Fund Account have been calculated in the manner provided by sub-paragraph (3) (b) of the last preceding paragraph and money standing to the credit of that Account has been applied under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, the Corporation shall carry to the credit of that Account each year an additional sum equivalent to the interest which would have been produced by the money so applied if invested at the rate on which the equal yearly or half-yearly payments to that Account are based:

Provided that, if the cost of the stock purchased (calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (1) the next but one following

paragraph) exceeds die amount payable on redemption of the stock, no such additional sum shall be carried to the credit of that Account in respect of the amount of the excess.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this paragraph, the Corporation may, with the consent of the Minister and the approval of the Treasury, employ for any of the purposes for which money may be borrowed by the issue of stock any money for the time being standing to the credit of any Redemption Fund Account and for such purposes as aforesaid sell any securities in which the last mentioned money is for the time being invested and employ the proceeds:

Provided that no money standing to the credit of a Redemption Fund Account shall be so employed unless provision is made for replacing the same, together with any loss of interest occasioned by reason of so employing such money, within the prescribed period.

Provision for 5.—(1) If it appears to the Corporation at any time that the

adjustment of amount standing to the credit of, or the investments representing, FundTccounte any Redemption Fund Account, together with the future yearly or ' half-yearly sums to be carried^ to such Account under this Schedule, will probably not be sufficient at the expiration of the prescribed period to make up a sum equal to the amount required to redeem the stock to which that Account relates, the sums to be carried to such Account shall be increased annually or otherwise to such extent as will make up the deficiency; and if it appears to the Minister that any such increase is necessary the Corporation shall increase the sums to be carried to that Account to such extent as the Minister may direct. 2

(2) If the Corporation desire to accelerate the redemption of the stock to which any Redemption Fund Account relates, they may, with the approval of the Minister and the Treasury, increase, annually or otherwise, the sums to be carried to the Account.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, .1949

Ch. 72

1449

(3) If it appears to the Corporation at any time that the amount standing to the credit of, or the investments representing, any Redemption Fund Account, together with the future yearly or half-yearly sums to be carried to that Account under this Schedule, will probably be more than sufficient at the expiration of the prescribed period to make up a sum equal to the amount required to redeem the stock to which that Account relates, the sums to be carried to that Account may be reduced, either temporarily or permanently, to such extent as the Minister may permit or the Corporation may, for so long as the Minister may permit, cease to carry any further sums to that Account.

(4) Any surplus standing to the credit of any Redemption Fund Account after the redemption or purchase of the stock and the discharge of the whole of the money to which the Account relates, shall be applied to such purpose or purposes as the Corporation, with the consent of the Minister, may determine.

6. —(1) In any year when money standing to the credit of any Redemption Fund Account is applied in the purchase of any stock to which such Account relates, the Corporation shall, during the year in which the purchase is made, effect the following adjustments:—

(a) (i) the amount of the gross accrued interest on the stock purchased to the date of purchase shall be charged to the appropriate Interest Account and carried to the Redemption Fund Account, or

(ii) if the stock purchased is transferable without a right to the next following interest payment, the amount of the gross rebate interest from <the date of purchase to the next following interest date shall be charged to the Redemption Fund Account and carried to the Interest Account; and

(b) if the cost of the stock purchased (inclusive of brokers' commission and other costs of purchase) after deduction of the amount referred to in sub-paragraph (a) (i) hereof 01 with the addition of the amount referred to in sub-paragraph (a) (ii) hereof, as the case may be, exceeds the amount payable on redemption of the stock, the amount of the difference shall be carried to the Redemption Fund Account.

(2) Where the Corporation in the exercise of a statutory borrowing power create and issue any stock for the purpose of re-borrowing money or of redeeming any stock, they shall make such adjustments (if any) as may be necessary in the Redemption Fund Accounts.

7. —(1) If at the end of a period of three years from the date at which any class of stock was redeemed, the Corporation, by reason of the holder of any stock of that class not being forthcoming or by reason of any doubt as to the ownership of any such stock, have not been able to make payment of the principal moneys which became payable on the redemption of the stock, to the person entitled to receive the same, or any warrant issued for the payment of any

3 B

7TH SCH. —cont.

Provisions as to Redemption Fund Accounts.

Unclaimed

stock

1450

7TH SCH. —cont.

Appointment of Registrar of stock.

Register of stock.

Stock

certificates.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

redemption moneys has not been encashed, the Corporation shall invest in statutory securities a sum equal to the amount required to make sufch payment, or the amount of the unencashed warrant, as the case may be.

(2) Any sum invested by the Corporation as aforesaid shall, unless realised for the purpose of satisfying any claim in respect of the stock represented by the same, be kept invested and the income therefrom shall be invested in statutory securities for a further period of three years after which time the Corporation may apply the said sum and the accumulations thereof to such purposes as the Minister and the Treasury may approve, but without prejudice to the rights of any person to recover the said sum.

Provisions as to stock registers and transfers

8.—(i) The Corporation shall appoint and thereafter keep appointed on such terms and subject to such conditions and instructions not inconsistent with this Schedule as they think expedient, any person (whether the Bank of England, an officer of the Corporation, or any other person) approved by the Minister and the Treasury (in this Schedule referred to as " the registrar "), to act as registrar of stock for the purposes of this Schedule, and different registrars may be appointed of different classes of stock.

(2) Subject to the conditions on which any stock is issued, the Corporation may at any time with the approval of the Minister and the Treasury determine the appointment of the registrar for the time being of that stock and appoint another registrar in his place.

9___(i) The registrar shall keep a register relating to each class

of stock (in this Schedule referred to as the " stock register ") in which shall be entered the name, address and description of each holder from time to time of stock of the class to which the stock register relates and the amount of stock held by him.

(2) The stock register shall be prima facie evidence of any matter entered therein in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule and of the title of the persons entered therein as holders of stock.

(3) For the purposes of the redemption of any stock, the stock register relating thereto may be permanently closed to transfers of that stock on any day not more than one month immediately preceding the date on which the redemption is to take effect.

io.—(i) Every person whose name is entered in the stock register as a holder of stock shall be entitled, without payment, to a certificate of the proprietorship thereof (in this Schedule referred to as a " stock certificate ") specifying the amount of stock to which the holder is entitled.

(2) A stock certificate shall be prima facie evidence of the title of the person therein specified to the amount of stock therein specified.

(3) If a stock certificate is worn out or damaged or is lo9f or destroyed, the registrar, on production and surrender of the worn out or damaged certificate, or, as the case may be, on proof to his

1949 Iron and Steel Ch. 72

Act, 1949

satisfaction of the loss or destruction, and on receiving such indemnity as he may require, and on payment of a fee not exceeding two shillings and six pence, may issue a duplicate stock certificate in lieu thereof.

(4) An entry of the issue of a stock certificate, and of a certificate issued as aforesaid in lieu thereof, shall be made in the stock register.

(5) If the names of two or more persons are entered in the stock register relating to any stock, nothing contained in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall be construed as requiring the registrar to issue more than one stock certificate in respect of that stock; and delivery of a stock certificate to one of the several joint holders shall be sufficient delivery to all of them.

(6) If the registrar is the Bank of England, the stock certificate shall bear a facsimile signature of the Chief Accountant of the Bank of England.

11.—(1) Stock shall be transferable by instrument in writing in any usual or common form executed by all parties to the transfer except that stock shall not be transferable in any amount which is a fraction of one penny.

The instrument of transfer and the relevant stock certificate shall be delivered to and retained by the registrar. If the relevant stock certificate cannot be delivered up, such indemnity shall be given to the registrar in respect thereof as he may require.

(2) The execution of the instrument of transfer by each party, other than a corporate body, shall be attested by a credible witness (not being a party thereto or the spouse of a party thereto) who shall append to his signature a statement of his usual place of abode or place of business and of his occupation or description.

(3) If.the execution of an instrument of transfer by a party is otherwise than by signature of that party, the registrar may require evidence to his satisfaction that the effect of the instrument was understood by that party.

(4) Not more than one class of stock shall be included in any instrument of transfer and the instrument shall relate only to the transfer and shall not contain any recital, trust, power or proviso whatsoever.

(5) An authority to execute an instrument of transfer of stock must be in writing and the execution of the instrument containing any such authority must be attested by a credible witness.

(6) The registrar before giving effect to a transfer may require evidence to his satisfaction of the right of the transferor to make the transfer.

(7) Subject as hereinafter provided, the registrar shall, after the foregoing provisions of this paragraph have been complied with, give effect to a transfer by entering in the stock register such particulars as are necessary to show the effect of the transfer; and the transferee shall be entitled to a new stock certificate in his name:

Provided that the registrar shall not be obliged to give effect to a transfer before the expiration of ten days after the day on which the instrument of transfer was delivered to him or, where he has before

3 B 2

1451

7TH SCH. —cont.

Transfer of

stock.

1452

7TH SCH. —cant.

Transmission of stock on death, etc.

Description of stockholders as trustees or by official titles.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

the expiration of the said ten days given notice to the transferor (or any one of two or more transferors) of the proposed transfer, before the expiration of three days after the day on which a reply would be delivered to the registrar in the ordinary course of post If it had been posted immediately after receipt of the notice and the notice had been received by the transferor in the ordinary course of post, whichever period is the longer.

(8) A transferor of stock shall be deemed to remain the owner thereof until the registrar has given effect to the transfer.

12.—(i) Stock standing in a stock register in the name of a deceased person shall be transferable by his personal representative; but in a case in which there are two or more personal representatives of the deceased person the registrar may decline to giv£ effect to the transfer unless the instrument of transfer is executed by all the representatives.

(2) The production to the registrar of any document which by law is sufficient evidence of probate of the wifi or letters of administration of the estate, or confirmation as executor, of a deceased holder having been granted to some person, shall be accepted by the registrar as sufficient evidence of the grant. For the purposes of this paragraph, confirmation as executor of a deceased holder may be accepted by the registrar notwithstanding that it has not been resealed in England.

(3) The production of probate or letters of administration granted by any court in the Isle of Man or in any of the Channel Islands having authority to grant probate or letters of administration, or of a certified copy of probate or letters of administration so granted, shall, subject as hereinafter provided, be sufficient authority to the registrar (notwithstanding any defect or circumstance whatsoever affecting the validity of the probate or letters of administration in question) to transfer stock entered in a stock register in the name of a deceased person to the person to whom the probate or letters of administration were granted, or as directed by that person:

Provided that the registrar shall not transfer any stock in pursuance of the provisions of this sub-paragraph except on production to him of a certificate from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue showing either that all death duties payable in Great Britain in respect of the stock have been paid or that no duty is payable m Great Britain in respect thereof.

(4) If two or more persons are registered as holders of any stock, those persons shall be deemed to be joint holders with right of survivorship between them.

13____(1) The holder of an amount of stock of any class may be

described in the stock register relating to stock of that class as trustee of a specified trust or as a trustee without specifying a trust.

(2) Except as provided by the preceding sub-paragraph, or by the subsequent provision of this Schedule relating to stock held on trust subject to the law of Scotland, no notice of any trust (express, implied or constructive) shall be entered in any stock register required to be kept by this Schedule or in a stock certificate or be receivable

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1453

by the registrar; and, notwithstanding that in relation to an amount 7TH Sch. of stock of any class standing in the stock register relating to stock —cont.

of that class on a particular account the holder thereof is described as mentioned in the said provision, or there has been furnished to the registrar any such statutory declaration as is mentioned in the said provision, it shall not be necessary for the registrar to enquire concerning the propriety of anything done in relation to that amount of stock or any part thereof.

(3) If the holder of an amount of stock of any class occupies an office or official position, his official description may be entered in the stock register relating to stock of that class in lieu of his name; and, if in relation to an amount of stock of any class any such official description is so entered, an instrument of transfer or an instrument containing directions with respect to the payment of interest on an amount of stock of any class entered in the stock register relating to stock of that class in the name of a holder of an office (whether it is so entered alone or jointly with another) or the payment or reinvestment of money attributable to any such amount or any part thereof which becomes payable by reason of the redemption (whether wholly or in part) of stock of that class shall, if executed by the person for the time being occupying that office or position, be as effectual as if his name were entered as the holder of that amount.

Payment of interest and redemption moneys

14. —(1) For the payment of the interest on stock there shall in Maintenance each year be carried to accounts kept by the Corporation (in this and l, SC of Schedule referred to as " Interest Accounts ") a sum or sums equal

in the aggregate to the amount of all interest payable or accrued due during the year.

(2) There shall be a separate Interest Account distinguished by a number or otherwise for each class of stock.

(3) Any interest paid on stock shall be charged to the appropriate Interest Account.

15. Interest on stock shall be paid at such half-yearly or other Dates lor intervals and on such days, as the Corporation with the approval payment of of the Minister and the Treasury may determine on the issue of the interest stock.

16. —(1) Interest on stock and any money becoming payable to Payment of the holder of stock by reason of the redemption thereof shall be paid interest and by the Corporation through the registrar by means of warrants sent moneys through the post to the registered address of the person registered as stock.7

the holder of the stock in respect of which the interest or other money is payable (or in the case of joint holders of stock to the registered address of that one of them whose name stands first on the stock register relating to that stock) or to such person and to such address as the holder (or in the case of joint holders all the holders) may direct in writing addressed to the registrar:

Provided that in the case of the redemption of any stock the registrar may, if he thinks fit, require the holder or the joint holders

1454

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

7th Sch. (as the case may require) of any amount of the stock to make appli-

—sont. cation in writing specifying the person to whom payment of the

money payable on the redemption of the stock is to be made and the address to which the warrant is to be sent; and upon receipt of such application the registrar shall make the payment in accordance therewith.

(2) The posting of any such warrant as aforesaid in a prepaid letter directed to such address as aforesaid shall be a good discharge to the Corporation and the registrar for such interest or other money.

(3) Every warrant as aforesaid so sent by post shall be deemed to be a cheque and the Corporation and the registrar in relation thereto shall each be deemed to be a banker within the meaning of the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882.

(4) For the purposes of this paragraph the personal representative or personal representatives of a deceased holder shall be deemed to be the holder or joint holders (as the case may require) of the amount of stock held by that holder immediately before the date of his death.

(5) Where two or more joint registered holders of any stock have given a direction as to the payment of interest thereon and one of them becomes of unsound mind, such direction shall not thereby become void.

(6) Before paying any interest on stock or any money becoming payable to the holder of stock by reason of the redemption thereof the registrar may, if the circumstances of the case appear to him to make it expedient, require the production* of such evidence of the title of any person claiming the right to receive payment thereof (which evidence may include the making of a statutory declaration by one or more competent persons) as he sees fit.

(7) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this paragraph shall be taken to prevent the Bank of England and any other banker from making special arrangements for the payment of any interest on stock or any money becoming payable to the holder of stock by reason of the redemption thereof, which is receivable by such other banker, either on his own behalf, or as nominee of the holder of stock, or otherwise.

Unclaimed interest and redemption moueys.

17 •—(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, if a warrant for the payment of interest or redemption moneys has not been encashed and has become defaced, lost or destroyed, or, if no such warrant has been issued and the interest or redemption moneys have not otherwise been paid, the registrar shall, on the application of a person who proves to his satisfaction that he is entitled to receive the payment, and furnishes to the registrar such indemnity as he may require and produces and surrenders to him the unencashed warrant (if any) concerned or proves to his satisfaction its loss or destruction, issue to that person a fresh warrant or a warrant, as the case may be.

(2) When any warrant for the payment of interest has not been encashed or the interest has not otherwise been paid for six years, the Corporation may apply the amount then accrued due, and all interest subsequently accruing due, to such purposes as they think fit, but without prejudice to the rights of any person to recover the same.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1455

(3) No interest shall be payable on any sum due in respect of 7TH Sch. interest on stock or the redemption of stock after the date on which —cont.

the interest or redemption moneys became payable.

18. The registrar may strike the balance for a payment of interest Striking the on any stock on any day not being more than thirty-seven days before balanc IoJ the day on which the interest on that stock is payable; and any on

person who is on the day on which the balance is so struck entered stock, in the stock register relating to that stock as a holder of that stock shall as between himself and any transferee of that stock be entitled to the then current payment in respect thereof.

Special provisions as to Scotland

19.—(1) Where an amount of stock of any class is transferred by or to a person under twenty-one years of age domiciled in Scotland, the requirements of paragraph n of this Schedule shall, so far as that person is concerned, be deemed to have been complied with if the instrument of transfer is executed, in the case of a pupil, on behalf of the pupil by his tutor, or, in the case of a minor, by the minor and his curator.

Stock held by persons under 21 years of age

domiciled in Scotland.

(2) The registrar may give effect to written directions with respect to the payment of interest on an amount of stock of any class entered in the stock register relating to stock of that class in the name of a person under twenty-one years of age domiciled in Scotland (whether it is so entered alone or jointly with another) or the payment or reinvestment of money attributable to any such amount or any part thereof which becomes payable by reason of the redemption (whether wholly or in part) of stock of that class, if the instrument containing the directions is executed as aforesaid.

(3) In a case where a pupil or a minor has three or more tutors or curators, the preceding provisions of this paragraph shall have effect as if for any reference therein to a tutor or a curator, there were substituted a reference to a quorum of his tutors or curators, being a quorum entitled to act by virtue of an Act of Parliament, a deed or an order of the court.

(4) The registrar may decline to give effect to an instrument purporting to be executed in accordance with this paragraph unless there is furnished to him a statutory declaration made in accordance with the preceding provisions of this paragraph that the person by or to whom the amount of stock in question is transferred, or in whose name it is entered, as the case may be, is a pupil or a minor and is domiciled in Scotland, and that any person executing the instrument for that person as his tutor or curator is his tutor or curator, and, in the case where there are three or more tutors or curators, that the persons executing the instrument in that capacity form a quorum of such tutors or curators.

(5) In this paragraph the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

*' curator ", in relation to a minor, includes an administrator at law, a curator nominate, a curator chosen by the minor

1456

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

7TH SCH. —cont.

Stock held oo trust subject to law of Scotland

with the sanction of the court or appointed by the court, and a person assumed to act as curator by virtue of an Act of Parliament;

" tutor " includes an administrator at law, a tutor by virtue of, or appointed under, an Act of Parliament, a tutor dative, a tutor nominate, a person assumed to act as tutor by virtue of an Act of Parliament and a factor loco tutoris.

20—(i) Where an amount of stock of any class is transferred by or to three or more persons who are trustees of a trust the execution of which is governed by the law of Scotland, the requirements of paragraph n of this Schedule shall, so far as those persons are concerned, be deemed to have been complied with if the instrument of transfer is executed by a quorum of those persons being a quorum entitled to act by virtue of an Act of Parliament, a deed or an order of the court; but the registrar may decline to recognise the instrument unless:—

(a) in the case of a transfer by the said persons, the amount is standing in the stock register relating to stock of that class on an account as respects which there has been furnished to the registrar a statutory declaration that the amount of stock from time to time standing thereon forms part of such a trust as aforesaid;

(b) in the case of a transfer to the said persons: —

(i) the amount is to stand as aforesaid; or

(ii) if the amount is not to stand as aforesaid, there is furnished to the registrar a statutory declaration that the amount of stock from time to time standing on the account whereon the first-mentioned amount is to stand, forms part of such a trust as aforesaid.

(2) Where there has been furnished to the registrar a statutory declaration that the amount of stock of a specified class from time to time standing on a particular account in the stock register relating to stock of that class forms part of a trust the execution of which is governed by the law of Scotland, the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) the registrar may give effect to written directions with respect to the payment of interest on that amount or the payment of money attributable to that amount or any part thereof which becomes payable by reason of the redemption (whether wholly or in part) of stock of that class, if the instrument containing the directions is executed by a quorum of the persons who are for the time being trustees of the said trust;

(b)in the event of the appointment of a new trustee by deed of assumption, or by the court, the registrar shall accept as sufficient evidence of transmission to the new trustee (whether in conjunction or not with any trustee remaining in office):—

(i) a deed of assumption executed in pursuance of section twenty-one of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921,

Ch. 72

1457

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

with a minute of acceptance by the assumed trustee, or an official or duly authenticated extract of such deed and minute; or

(ii) a certified copy of the interlocutor of the court; as the case may be; in the event of the resignation of a trustee the registrar shall accept as sufficient evidence of the divestiture of the resigning trustee a minute of resignation executed in pursuance of section nineteen of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921, with an acceptance of intimation of resignation by the continuing trustee or trustees, or an official or duly authenticated extract of such minute and acceptance;

(4) in the event of the removal of a trustee by the court, the registrar shall accept as sufficient evidence of the removal and divestiture a certified copy of the interlocutor of the court.

(3) In this paragraph the expressions " trust ", " trustee " and " the court " nave the same meanings as in the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921.

21. —(1) As respects the transfer of an amount of stock of any description, the requirements of paragraph 11 of this Schedule shall, in so far as any party to the transfer who is blind or unable to write is concerned, be deemed to have been complied with if the instrument of transfer is executed on his behalf in accordance with section eighteen of the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924.

(2) Written directions with respect to the payment of interest on an amount of stock of any description or the payment or reinvestment of money attributable to an amount of stock of any description which becomes payable by reason of the redemption (whether wholly or in part) of stock of that description may, if the instrument containing the directions is executed in accordance with the said section eighteen on behalf of a person who is blind or unable to write, be given effect to by the registrar.

Transitional provisions relating to compensation stock

22. —(1) Where by virtue of the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, any person being the holder of any securities to which the said Schedule applies, becomes instead the holder of any stock, then until the name of that person is duly entered in the stock register with respect to that stock, the provisions of this paragraph shall apply in relation to that stock notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other provisions of this Schedule.

(2) The Corporation shall cause a record to be kept of the amount of stock attributable to the said securities of which the said person becomes the holder as aforesaid, and such record shall be prima facie evidence of the title of the holder to that amount of stock.

(3) Any reference in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 11 of this Schedule or in condition (a) of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 20 of this Schedule when the provisions thereof apply by virtue ■of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 25 of this Schedule to the registrar or to a stock certificate shall be construed respectively as a reference to the Corporation or to the stock or share certificate or other doco-

3 B*

1949

(c)

7TH SCH.

—CO fit,

Execution of instruments in Scotland on behalf of blind persons or persons nnable to write.

Provision as to holders of stock whose names are not entered in the stock register.

1458

7th Sch.

—cont.

Certificates of securities.

Surrender of certificates, etc.

Declarations and directions made or given before date of transfer or conversion date.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

meat which under the provisions of paragraph 23 of this Schedule is to be treated as applicable to the stock, and any reference in paragraph 16, sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 17, paragraph 18 or sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 21 of this Schedule to the registrar or to the stock register shall be construed, in relation to the payment of interest on stock, as including respectively a reference to the Corporation or to the record kept in relation thereto under the last preceding sub-paragraph, and any reference to a registered holder of any stock or to his registered address shall be construed accordingly.

23. As from the date of transfer or the conversion date, as the case may be, the stock or share certificate or other similar document relating to any securities to which Part 1 or Part II, as the case may be, of the Fourth Schedule to this Act applies and in force immediately before that date shall be treated as applicable to so much of the stock as is attributable to the securities to which the said certificate or other document relates until a stock certificate is issued with respect to that stock.

24. Every person who on the date of transfer or the conversion date, as the case may be, becomes the holder of British Iron and Steel Stock instead of securities to which Part I of the Fourth Schedule to this Act applies or, as the case may be, instead of rights in respect of securities to which Part II of that Schedule applies or the successor in title of any such holder shall, before the issue of the stock certificate in respect of the stock to which he is entitled, surrender to the Corporation the stock or share certificate or other similar document in force immediately before that date in relation to those securities or, as the case may be, those rights:

Provided that the Corporation may authorise the issue of a stock certificate in a case where any such certificate or document cannot be surrendered on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Corporation may require.

25. —(1) Where before the date of transfer or the conversion date, as die case may be, there has been furnished to the body or person responsible for making payment of any interest, dividends or redemption moneys due in respect of any securities to which Part I or Part II, as the case may be, of the Fourth Schedule to this Act applies, a declaration (whether statutory or not) that any such securities form part of a trust the execution of which is governed by the law of Scotland, that declaration shall be taken to extend to the stock attributable to those securities and provisions (a) to (4) of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 20 of this Schedulei shall apply in relation to such stock as they apply in relation to stock in respect of which a statutory declaration has been furnished to the registrar under the said sub-paragraph (2).

(2) Where before the date of transfer or the conversion date, as the case may be, there has been furnished to such body or person as is mentioned in the preceding provisions of this paragraph a direction in writing that any interest or dividends accruing due in respect of any such securities shall be paid to any person, that direction shall be taken to extend to the payment of interest on the stock

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1459

attributable to those securities, and sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph Sch.

i6 of this Schedule shall apply to the payment of interest on such —cont. stock as it applies to the payment of interest on stock in respect of which a direction has been given tb the registrar under the said sub-paragraph (i).

Miscellaneous

26. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, if the registrar is Application of

the Bank of England, the Bank may apply their general practice in of

relation to the management of the stock. England.

27. Except as otherwise provided by the conditions on which any Registration stock is issued, the registrar shall be entitled to charge such fee, not <ees-exceeding two shillings and six pence, as the Corporation may from

time to time determine as a condition of the registration of each one of the following matters, that is to say:—

(1 a) any transfer;

(6) probate of a will, letters of administration of an estate, or confirmation as executor;

(c) certified copy of probate of a will or letters of administration of an estate granted by any court in the Isle of Man or in any of the Channel Islands having authority to grant probate or letters of administration;

(d) change of name;

(e) power of attorney;

(/) order of court;

(g) any other document affecting the registration of stock.

If any such registration affects more than one class of stock, a separate fee may be charged (except as aforesaid) in respect of each class.

28. —(1) All stock shall be deemed capital stock of a company or Application of

society within the meaning of the Forgery Act, 1913. certain Acts.

(2) Section one of the Forged Transfers Act, 1891 (except subsection (3) of that section) as amended by section three of the

Forged Transfers Act, 1892, shall apply to the Corporation in relation to the stock.

(3) The Corporation, so far as their functions under this Schedule are concerned, and the registrar shall each be deemed to be a banker within the meaning of the Bankers' Books Evidence Act, 1879.

29. The Corporation may, subject to the provisions of this Arrangement Schedule, make any arrangement with and provide for the proper with bankers* remuneration (including the payment of underwriting commission, brokerage and other expenses) of any person approved by the Minister

and the Treasury, with respect to the issue of stock, the registration and transfer thereof, the payment of interest thereon, the keeping of books, and any other matters incidental to the issue, management, redemption and payment off of stock.

3 B* 2

1460

7TH SCH.

—cont.

Protection of holders of stock.

Annual return to the Minister.

Directions of the Minister.

Savings for

certain

restrictions.

Interpretation.

Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

30. A person taking or holding any stock shall not be concerned to inquire or to take notice whether or not the Corporation or any meeting thereof was properly constituted or convened, or whether or not the proceedings at any meeting of the Corporation were legal or regular, or to see to the application of any money raised by any stock or be answerable for any loss or misapplication thereof.

31. —(1) The Corporation shall annually send to the Minister an abstract of their accounts (made up to the thirty-first day of December in each year, or such other date as the Minister may direct) relating to every class of stock, and of the Redemption Fund Accounts in respect thereof, in such form as the Minister may direct.

(2) If by any such abstract or otherwise it appears to the Minister that the Corporation have failed to comply with any requirement of this Schedule or with any direction or requirement of the Minister thereunder or with any of the terms on which any stock was issued, with respect to any payment, application or investment or otherwise in relation to any stock, or any Redemption Fund Account, the Minister may by direction require the Corporation to make good the default within the time specified ia the direction.

32. Any direction given by the Minister under this Schedule may contain such provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient for giving effect thereto.

33. —(1) So long as the borrowing or raising of money in Great Britain without the consent of the Treasury is prohibited by the provisions of an order made under the Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) Act, 1946, nothing in this Schedule shall be taken as authorising the exercise of a statutory borrowing power by the Corporation without the specific consent of the Treasury given under those provisions.

(2) Nothing in this Schedule shall be taken as relieving the Corporation of any obligations imposed by the provisions of the Exchange Control Act, 1947.

Interpretation

34.—(1) In this Schedule, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" conversion date " has the same meaning as in Part II of the Fourth Schedule to the Act;

" Interest Account" means such an Account as is referred to in paragraph 14 of this Schedule;

" prescribed period " means: —

(a) in relation to any stock issued for the purpose of satisfying any right to compensation which under any provision of this Act is to be satisfied by the issue of stock or any stock belonging to the same group of stock, the period of ninety years from the date on which the first mentioned stock was issued; and

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72

1461

(6) in relation to any other stock, the period determined by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury, within which provision is required to be made by the Corporation for the replacement of moneys borrowed (including moneys deemed to have been borrowed for the purposes of section thirty-two of this Act, and where the stock is issued at a price lower than the amount payable on redemption, the difference between the price of issue and the amount payable on redemption) by the issue of that stock and any stock belonging to the same group of stock;

" Redemption Fund Account" means such an Account as is referred to in paragraph 3 of this Schedule;

" the registrar " has the meaning assigned to it by sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 8 of this Schedule;

" statutory borrowing power" means any power of the Corporation to borrow money by the issue of stock;

" statutory security" means any security in which trustees are for the time being authorised by law to invest trust money and any security of any county council or other local authority as defined in section thirty-four of the Local Loans Act, 18^5, or section four of the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, as amended by section five of the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, Amendment Act, 1893, other than securities issued by the Corporation and annuities, rent charges and securities transferable by delivery;

" stock" means British Iron and Steel Stock created by the Corporation under this Act;

" stock certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 10 of this Schedule;

" the stock register " has the meaning assigned to it by sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 9 of this Schedule.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph, different issues of stock (whether of the same class or not) shall be deemed to constitute a group of stock if, as between any two of them, the one is issued for the purpose of redeeming the other or the one is redeemed by the proceeds of the issue of the other, and references to any stock belonging to the same group of stock shall be construed accordingly.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE Matters to be expressly stated in auditors' report

1. Whether they have obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of their knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of their audit.

2. Whether, in their opinion, proper books of account have been kept by the Corporation, so far as appears from their examination of those books, and proper returns adequate for the purposes of their audit have been received in respect of books of account not examined by them.

7TH SCH. —cant.

Section 38.

1462 Ch. 72 Iron and Steel 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

8th Sch. 3.' Whether the statement of the accounts of the Corporation —cont. prepared under Part IV of this Act is in agreement with the said

books of account and returns, and whether, in their opinion and to the best of their information and according to the explanations given them, the said statement gives a true and fair view of the state of the Corporation's affairs as at the end of their financial year, and of the profit or loss for their financial year.

4. Whether, in their opinion, the consolidated statement of accounts prepared by the Corporation under Part IV of this Act gives a true and fair view of the state of affairs and profit or loss of the Corporation and the publicly-owned companies dealt with thereby.

Section 50.

NINTH SCHEDULE

Modifications as to Constitution and Proceedings of Publicly-owned Companies

Private companies

1. A publicly-owned company shall, notwithstanding that it satisfies the conditions specified in section twenty-eight of the Companies Act, 1948, not be deemed to be a private company for the purposes of that Act:

Provided that where a company, on coming into public ownership, would be required in consequence of this paragraph to have an additional director, that requirement shall not take effect until three months after the company comes into public ownership.

Meetings

2. Notwithstanding anything in section one hundred and thirty-four of the Companies Act, 1948, or the company’s articles of association, the Corporation may call a meeting of a publicly-owned company, and there shall be deemed to be a quorum present at any meeting of such a company at which the Corporation is represented.

3. In the case of any publicly-owned company all of whose securities are held by the Corporation, the obligation of a company under the Companies Act, 1948, or under the company's articles of association or otherwise to hold an annual meeting may be discharged by the holding of a meeting of the Corporation summoned and held in such manner, and after such notice, as may be determined by the Corporation in regulating their procedure, and any power ot a company which is by the Companies Act, 1948, or by the company’s articles of association or otherwise required to be exercised by the company in general meeting (including a power required to be so exercised by special resolution, extraordinary resolution 01 a resolution requiring special notice), may be exercised by the Corporation at a meeting summoned and held as aforesaid :

Provided that—

(a) where any power is exercised by a publicly-owned company in a case where, apart from this paragraph, special notice

Ch. 72

1463

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

would be required and a copy of the notice would have to be sent to any person, the publicly-owned company shall give notice in writing to that person not less than twenty-eight days before exercising that power;

(6) section one hundred and forty-three of the Companies Act, 1948 (which provides for the registration of certain resolutions and agreements) shall apply to any resolution of a publicly-owned company which, but for this paragraph, would be a resolution to which that section applied;

(c) subsection (4) of section one hundred and sixty-two of the said Act (which entitles auditors of a company to attend and be heard at general meetings of the company and to receive notice thereof) shall apply to^meetings of the Corporation held for the purpose of exercising their powers under this paragraph with respect to the affairs of a publicly-owned company.

Directors

4. Any provision in the memorandum or articles of association of a publicly-owned company requiring a director to hold a specified share qualification shall not have effect in the case of a publicly-owned company.

5. The power conferred on a company by section one hundred and eighty-four of the Companies Act, 1948, to remove a director before the expiration of his period of office notwithstanding anything in its articles of association or in any agreement between it and him, shall, in the case of a publicly-owned company, be extended so as to be exercisable notwithstanding anything in any agreement between the company and any person other than the director, and the provfeo to subsection (1) of that section (which contains a saving for directors of private companies holding office for life on the eighteenth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-five) shall not apply to directors of publicly-owned companies

Alteration of memorandum

6. A publicly-owned company shall not, without the consent in writing of the Minister, so alter the provisions of its memorandum of association or, as the case may be, charter of incorporation or other charter as to increase the activities which it is authorised to carry on.

7. The power conferred by subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the Companies Act, 1948 (which provides that a company may alter by special resolution any conditions contained in its memorandum which could lawfully have been contained in articles of association instead of in the memorandum) shall, in the case of a publicly-owned company, not be subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of the said section twenty-three (which provides that that section shall not apply where the memorandum itself provides for or prohibits the alteration of all or any of the said conditions and shall not authorise any variation or abrogation of the special rights of any class of members).

9TH Sch. —coni.

1464

Ch. 72

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

9TB SCH —coni.

Reduction of capital

8. The power conferred by section sixty-six of the Companies Act, 1948, on a company to reduce its share capital may, in the case of a publicly-owned company, be exercised by ordinary resolution, and any reduction so made shall not be subject to confirmation by the court, and in any such case—

(a) section sixty-nine of the Companies Act. 1948, shall apply with the modification that for any reference to an order of the court confirming the reduction of the share capital of a company there shall be substituted a reference to a copy of the resolution of the company for reducing its share capital and for the reference to a minute approved by the court showing the particulars mentioned in that section there shall be substituted a reference to a minute showing those particulars to the satisfaction of the registrar of companies;

(b) subsections (3) and (4) of the said section sixty-nine shall not

apply, but notice of the registration of the resolution by the registrar of companies shall be published in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes and the registrar shall certify under his hand the registration of the resolution, and his certificate shall be conclusive evidence that the share capital of the company is such as is stated in the resolution; and

(c) sections sixty-seven, sixty-eight, seventy and seventy-one of

the Companies Act, 1948, shall not apply.

Number of members

9. No petition shall be presented for the winding-up of a publicly-owned company on the ground that the number of its members is less than the number required by law, nor shall any person be liable on that ground as a member of the company for the payment of any of its debts.

10. In this Schedule the expressions " special resolution ", *' extraordinary resolution " and " special notice " have the same meanings as in the Companies Act, 1948.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter.

Local Loans Act, 1875

Bankers' Books Evidence Act, 1879

Bills of Exchange Act, 1882

Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891 ...

Forged Transfers Act, 1891

Forged Transfers Act, 1892

Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891,

Amendment Act, 1893

Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893

Patents and Designs Act, 1907

Forgery Act, I9r3

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919

38 & 39 Vict. c. 83.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 11.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 34.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 43.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 36.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 8.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 6r.

7 Edw. 7. c. 29.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 27.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

1949

Iron and Steel

Act, 1949

Ch. 72, 73

1465

Short Title. Session and Chapter.

Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921 11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 58.

Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924 Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 27.

1936 25 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8.

Factories Act, 1937 c. 52. 1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 67.

Limitation Act, 1939 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 21.

Law Reform (Frustrated Contracts) Act, 1943 ... Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 40.

Act, 1946 Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) Act, 1946 ... National Insurance Act, 1946 Exchange Control Act, 1947 Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 58. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 14.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 42.

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53.

Companies Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

Finance Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 49.

CHAPTER 73

Nurses Act, 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Reconstitution of the General Nursing Council for England and Wales Section

1. Reconstitution of the General Nursing Council and consequential

provisions.

Training of Nurses

2. Area nurse-training committees.

3. Experimental training of nurses.

4. Expenditure on nurse-training by Hospital Management Com-

mittees, &c.

5. Contributions towards expenses of other persons in respect of

nurse-training.

6. Expenses of area nurse-training committees.

7. Reference 06 disputes to the Council.

Miscellaneous Amendments

8. The finance committee.

9. The Mental Nurses Committee.

10. Registration of nurses trained abroad.

11. Closing of parts of the register.

12. Provisions relating to the approval of training institutions.

13. Fees and contributions in respect of training institutions.

14. Admission to the register of persons included in the list, &c.

15. Registration, &c., fees.

1466

Ch. 73

Nurses Ac, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Reconstitution of the General Nursing Council and consequential provisions.

Section

16. Information with respect to nurses.

17. Penalization of acts falsely implying inclusion in the list.

18. Allowances to members of the Council and the Assistant Nurses

Committee.

19. Membership of the Council, &c., not to involve Parliamentary

disqualification.

Supplementary Provisions

20. Rules and orders.

21. Expenses of the Council.

22. Reports to the Minister.

23. Interpretation.

24. Short title, citation, extent and repeal.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—The General Nursing Council for England and Wales.

Second Schedule.—Area Nurse-Training Committees.

Third Schedule.—The Mental Nurses Committee.

Fourth Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

An Act to reconstitute the General Nursing Council for England and Wales and otherwise to amend the Nurses Acts, 1919 to 1945, and to make further provision with respect to the training of nurses for the sick.

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Reconstitution of the General Nursing Council for England and Wales

1.—(1) On the appointed day the General Nursing Council for England and Wales (in this Act referred to as " the Council ") shall cease to be constituted in accordance with the Schedule to the Act of 1919 and shall be reconstituted in accordance with the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) The Act of 1919 shall have effect as if, in paragraph 5 of the Schedule thereto (which provides that the members of the Council shall hold office for a term of five years),—

(a) in relation to the members of the Countil appointed in the year nineteen hundred and forty-seven, a reference to the period beginning with the twenty-third day of December in that year and ending with the day immediately preceding the appointed day had been substituted for the reference to a term of five years; and

(6) in relation to the members of the Council elected in the year nineteen hundred and forty-four, a reference to the period beginning with the twenty-third day of

1949

Nurses Ac, 1949

Ch. 73

1467

December in that year and ending with the day immediately preceding the appointed day had been so substituted.

(3) The members of the Assistant Nurses Committee appointed by the Council who hold office on the day immediately preceding the appointed day shall vacate office on the expiration of the first-mentioned day (without prejudice however to their eligibility for re-appointment), and the' vacancies shall be filled by the making, by the Council, of fresh appointments of members who shall hold office for the residue of the term of office then current of the other hiembers of the Committee.

(4) The supplementary provisions contained in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Council as reconstituted by this section and for the purposes of the reconstitution of the Council, and it shall be the duty of the Council as constituted in accordance with the enactments relating to the constitution thereof which are in force at the commencement of this Act to do all things requisite for securing, in accordance with that Schedule, the election of such of the members of the Council as so reconstituted as are required by that Schedule to be elected, so as to enable them to come into office on the appointed day.

Training of Nurses

2.—(1) The Minister shall by order constitute, in accordance Area with the Second Schedule to this Act, a committee (in this nurse-training Act referred to as an "area nurse-training committee") for committees, each hospital area; and before making an order under this subsection with respect to any such area the Minister shall consult with the Council.

(2) It shall be the duty of the area nurse-training committee for a hospital area—

(a) to have constant regard, as respects persons engaged in

the area in the training of nurses, to the methods employed by those persons of training nurses;

(b) to promote, with a view to securing the improvement

of methods employed in the area of training nurses, research and investigation into matters relating to the training of nurses, and to render to the Council reports of the results of research and investigation promoted by the committee;

(c) to advise and assist—

(i) Hospital Management Committees appointed by the Regional Hospital Board for the area;

(ii) Boards of Governors of teaching hospitals situated in the area; and

1468

Ch. 73

Nurses Ac, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

(in) any other authority or person engaged in the area in the training of nurses who makes a request in that behalf to the committee;

in the preparation and carrying out of schemes for the training of nurses in accordance with any requirements of the Council for the time being in force with respect to the training to be undergone by persons as a condition of their admission to the register or the roll; and

(d) to advise and, if requested by the Council so to do, to assist the Council in matters relating to the approval by the Council, for the purposes of the training rules, of institutions situated in the area.

(3) An area nurse-training committee may, if authorised by the Council so to do, conduct on their behalf any examination prescribed by rules made by the Council under section three of the Act of 1919 or section two of the Act of 1943, or specified in a scheme adopted under the next following section.

(4) The supplementary provisions contained in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to area nurse-training committees.

Experimental 3.—(1) If the Council are of opinion that it would be advan-

training of tageous that a trial should be made of a scheme of training

nurses. and examinations to be undergone and passed by persons as

a condition of their admission to the register or, as the case may be, the roll, being training and examinations differing from, but appearing to the Council to be no less efficient than, the training and examinations for the time being required by rules made by the Council to be so undergone and passed, they may, with the approval of the Minister, by resolution adopt the scheme for such period as may be specified in the resolution and in relation to such institutions situated in such hospital area as may be so specified, being institutions appearing to the Council to be suitable for the purpose of carrying out the scheme therein.

(2) A scheme of training and examinations adopted by a resolution of the Council under this section shall provide that, during the period for which it is so adopted, persons who undergo to the satisfaction of the Council, in an institution specified in the resolution adopting the scheme, the training specified in the scheme and who pass the examinations so specified shall, notwithstanding anything in any rules made by the Council, be entitled on making an application in that behalf to be admitted to the register or, as the case may be, the roll, and may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions (including provisions for charging fees in respect of the undergoing of examinations specified in the scheme) as appear to the Council to be requisite or expedient for the purposes of the scheme.

1949

Nurses Ac, 1949

Ch. 73

1469

(3) The period for which a scheme of training and examinations is adopted under this section may from time to time be extended by resolution of the Council for such period as may be specified in the resolution.

4, —(1) Expenditure by a Hospital Management Committee Expenditure

appointed by the Regional Hospital Board for a hospital area on nurse-and expenditure by the Board of Governors of a teaching Hospital Y hospital situated in a hospital area, being in each case expend!- Management ture— Committees,

(a) wholly or mainly for the purposes of, or in connection &c-

with, the training of nurses; and

(b) of such description as the Minister may specify for the

purposes of this subsection;

shall, so far as it is incurred in accordance with estimates approved by the area nurse-training committee for the area, instead of being defrayed in accordance with section fifty-four of the National Health Service Act, 1946, be defrayed by that committee.

(2) Any question arising under the foregoing subsection whether expenditure is such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) thereof shall be determined by the Minister.

5, The area nurse-training committee for a hospital area Contributions may make to any authority or person engaged in the area in towards training nurses (not being a Hospital Management Committee other^reons or the Board of Governors of a teaching hospital) contributions in respect of towards the expenses incurred by that authority or person in, nurse-training, or in connection with, the training of nurses.

6. All expenses incurred by an area nurse-training committee Expenses of with the approval of the Council shall be defrayed by thearea A .

"ST8

7. Any question arising between the area nurse-training com- Reference of mittee for a hospital area and a Hospital Management Com- disputes to mittee appointed by the Regional Hospital Board for the area the Council* or between the area nurse-straining committee for a hospital area and the Board of Governors of a teaching hospital situated in the area, being a question relating to the discharge by the area nurse-training committee of their functions under this Act, shall, in default of agreement, be determined by the Council.

Miscellaneous Amendments

8.—(1) The Council shall appoint a finance committee con-The finance sisting of such number of persons, being members of the Council, committee, as may be prescribed by rules made by the Council under subsection (1) of section three of the Act of 1919 and such persons

1470

Ch. 73

Nurses Ac, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

other than members of the Council (not exceeding two in number) as may be nominated by the Minister, after consultation with the Council, for appointment to the committee.

(2) The term of office of the members of the finance committee shall be such as may be prescribed as aforesaid.

(3) Any matter relating to the discharge by the Council of their functions with respect to the defraying of expenses incurred by area nurse-training committees shall stand referred to the finance committee and any other matter may be referred by the Council to that committee; and the committee shall consider the matter and report upon it to the Council, and the Council, before taking any action on the matter, shall, unless in the opinion of the Council the matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of the committee.

(4) The power of the Council under paragraph of subsection (1) of section three of the Act of 1919 to make rules for authorising the delegation to committees of the powers of the Council and for regulating the proceedings (including quorum) of committees shall be exercisable in relation to the finance committee.

The Mental 9.—(1) On the expiration of the period of three months

Nurses beginning with the appointed day or such longer period as the

Committee. Minister may by order specify, there shall be established a Committee of the Council, to be called the Mental Nurses Committee, constituted in accordance with the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) The following matters, namely,—

(a) any matter which wholly or mainly concerns registered mental nurses (other than a question whether a person shall be registered or shall be removed from or restored to the register or a matter arising out of any such question); and

(b) any matter relating to the training of persons for admission to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases;

shall stand referred to the Mental Nurses Committee, and any such question as aforesaid or matter arising thereout, and any other matter, may be referred by the Council to that Committee; and the Committee shall consider the matter and report upon it to the Council, and the Council, before taking any action on the matter, shall, unless in the opinion of the Council the matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of the Committee:

Provided that any matter which stands referred to the Mental Nurses Committee or is referred to them by the Council shall

1949

Nurses Ac, 1949

Ch. 73

1471

be finally dealt with by the Committee on behalf of the Council if, and in so far as, the Council expressly authorise the Committee to deal finally with it, and the Committee shall make a report to the Council as to the way they have dealt with it.

(3) The Council may pay to the members of the Mental Nurses Committee sums (to be calculated in accordance with directions to be given by the Minister) in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling diem to perform duties as members of the Mental Nurses Committee.

(4) The supplementary provisions contained in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Mental Nurses Committee and for the purposes of the establishment thereof.

10,—(1) A person who proves to the satisfaction of the Council that, in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom, he successfully completed his training either generally as a nurse or as a nurse of some special class in accordance with a scheme of training recognised by the Council as being satisfactory for the purposes of this subsection, that he underwent his training in an institution so recognised and that he is of good character shall, on making an application in the prescribed manner and on payment of such fee, if any, as may be prescribed, be entided to be registered in the part of the register appearing to the Council to be appropriate to his case.

(2) If, in the case of a person who proves to the satisfaction of the Council that he successfully completed his training either generally as a nurse or as a nurse of some special class in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom but who is unable to prove that his training was in accordance with a scheme of training recognised by the Council as being satisfactory for the purposes of the foregoing subsection and that he underwent his training in an institution so recognised, the Council are of opinion that he could properly be registered after undergoing to their satisfaction such further training in the United Kingdom as may be specified by them and passing such examinations, if any, as may be so specified, they may, if they are satisfied that he is of good character, register him if, after undergoing the specified training in the United Kingdom to their satisfaction and passing any specified examinations, he makes, in the prescribed manner, an application in that behalf and pays such fee} if any, as may be prescribed.

Registration of nurses trained abroad.

1472

Ch. 73

Nurses Ac, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Closing of parts of the register.

(3) Subsections (1) and (2) of section six of the Act of 1919 (which provide for the registration of nurses registered in any part of His Majesty's dominions outside the United Kingdom) are hereby repealed.

11.—(1) On the date on which rules made by the Council under section three of the Act of 1919 providing for the admission of male nurses to the general part of the register first come into operation, the supplementary part of the register containing the names of male nurses shall be amalgamated with the general part of the register.

(2) If, with respect to any part of the register (other than the general part or the part containing the names of male nurses), the Council at any time make a request in that behalf to the Minister, he may by order direct that, after such a date as may be specified in the order, no person shall be admitted to that part of the register.

(3) No request under the last foregoing subsection shall be made by the Council with respect to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases unless the Council are satisfied that means exist whereby members of the public can readily ascertain whether a registered nurse has been so trained, and no such request shall be so made with respect to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children unless the Council are satisfied that means exist whereby members of the public can readily ascertain whether a registered nurse has been so trained.

(4) Where a direction is given under subsection (2) of this section with respect to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases, the Minister, after consulting the Council, may by the order containing the direction or a subsequent order amend the First and Third Schedules to this Act to such extent as appears to him requisite or expedient in consequence of the giving of the direction, and where a direction is given under that subsection with respect to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children, the Minister, after consulting the Council, may by the order containing the direction or a subsequent order amend the said First Schedule to such extent as appears to him requisite or expedient in consequence of the giving of the direction.

(5) Nothing in this section shall affect the power of the Council to remove a person from, or restore a person to, the register.

1949

Nurses Ac, 1949

Ch. 73

1473

12. —(1) If the Council are of opinion that they would be Provisions justified in refusing to approve an institution for the purposes ^atin to of the training rules or in withdrawing approval given by them training for those purposes to an institution, they shall give to the per- institutions, sons responsible for the management of the institution a written

notice of that fact, stating the grounds on winch they have formed their opinion, and shall not proceed to a final determination of the question whether or not to refuse to approve the institution or to withdraw their approval thereof, as the case may be, until they have afforded to those persons an opportunity to make representations in writing to the Council and, if so required by those persons, to be heard by the Council.

(2) Any person aggrieved by the refusal of the Council to approve an institution for the purposes of the training rules or by the withdrawal of approval given by them for those purposes to an institution may, by notice in writing served on the Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor before the expiration of the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day on which notification of the determination of the Council to refuse or withdraw their approval, as the case may be, is received by the persons responsible for the management of the institution, appeal against the refusal or withdrawal, and, upon receipt of the notice, the Lord Chancellor shall nominate two persons, or more, to determine the matter of the appeal and the persons nominated shall, after considering the matter, give such directions therein to die Council as they think proper and the Council shall comply with them.

It shall be the duty of a person who serves a notice under this subsection on the Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor to serve at the same time a copy thereof on the Council.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may pay to any person nominated by him under the last foregoing subsection such fees and allowances as the Lord Chancellor may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine; and any expenses incurred by the Lord Chancellor under this subsection shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) Subsection (2) of section seven of the Act of 1919 and subsection (2) of section five of the Act of 1943 (which provide for an appeal to the Minister against such a refusal as aforesaid) are hereby repealed.

13. —(1) The Council may charge the persons responsible for Fees and the management of institutions approved by the Council for the contributions purposes of the training rules and the persons responsible for respect of the management of institutions the approval whereof by the f^thutfons. Council for those purposes is sought by them, not being, in

either case, institutions vested in the Minister, such fees

1474

Ch. 73

Nurses Ac, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Admission to the register of persons included in the list. See.

Registration, Ac., fees.

respectively, by way of contribution towards the expenses of the Council in inspecting and approving institutions for those purposes, as may be prescribed.

(2) The Minister may make to the Council, out of moneys provided by Parliament, contributions of such amounts as he may determine towards the expenses of the Council in inspecting and approving for the purposes of the training rules institutions vested in him.

14. —(1) The Council shall make rules providing for the admission to the register, on payment of such fees (if any) as may be prescribed, of—

(a) persons whose names are included in the list; and

(b) persons, other than as aforesaid, who hold certificates issued by institutions which appear to the Council to be satisfactory for the purposes of this provision stating that they completed before the beginning of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, a course of training in nursing in the institution and who satisfy the Council that they are of good character and have adequate knowledge and experience of nursing.

(2) A person whose name is included in the list shall, on being admitted to the register, cease to be included in the list, and it shall be the duty of the Council to make the requisite alterations therein.

15. —(1) There shall be paid to the Council by persons who, on such dates as may respectively be specified in relation to the register and the roll by rules made for the purposes of this subsection by the Council, are registered or enrolled, as the case may be, or whose names are, on such date as may be specified in relation to the list by rules so made, included in the list, such fees in respect of the retention without limit of time of their names on the register, the roll or the list, as the case may be, as may be prescribed by rules so made, and after the dates respectively specified in relation to the register, the roll and the list by virtue of this subsection no annual fee shall be payable by any person under section five of the Act of 1919, section four of the Act of 1943 or the Second Schedule to the Act of 1943, as the case may be, in respect of the retention of his name on the register, the roll or the list, as the case may be.

(2) Rules may be made by the Council providing for the payment, on the restoration to the register, the roll or the list after the dates respectively specified in relation thereto by virtue of the foregoing subsection of persons other than those falling within that subsection, of such fees in respect of the retention without limit of time of their names on the register, the roll or the list, as the case may be, as may be prescribed by the rules.

1949

Nurses Ac, 1949

Ch. 73

1475

(3) Rules made under subsection (1) or (2) of this section may prescribe different fees in relation to the register, the roll and die list, and rules so made in relation to the register, the roll or the list may prescribe different fees in relation to different circumstances.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the power of the Council to remove a person from the register, the roll or the list.

16. —(1) Copies of the register, the roll and the list shall be Information kept at the office of the Council and shall be open to the inspec- with respect tion of any person without charge during usual business hours. to nurses-

(2) The Council shall cease to be under an obligation to publish the register, the roll and the list, but it shall be their duty to publish in relation to successive periods, in such manner as the Minister may direct, lists of persons who have been admitted to, removed from or restored to the register, the roll or the list during those periods.

The first of such lists shall be published as soon as may be after the commencement of this Act and succeeding lists shall be published at intervals of not more than twelve months.

17. Any person who, not being a person whose name is in- Penalization

eluded in the list, takes or uses any name, title, addition or ?f acts falsely description implying that his name is so included shall be liable in

on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of |),e jjst

a first offence, ten pounds, and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, fifty pounds.

18. The Council may pay to the members thereof and to the Allowances members of the Assistant Nurses Committee sums (to be cal-to members culated in accordance with directions to be given by the Minister) of drt15ounal in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have Assistant made or any additional expenses (including travelling and sub- Nurses sistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been Committee, subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the Council or of the Assistant Nurses Committee, as the case may be.

19. A member of the Council, the Assistant Nurses Com- Membership mittee, the Mental Nurses Committee, an area nurse-training the Council, committee or a sub-committee of an area nurse-training com- to

mittee shall not, by reason of his membership, be rendered parliamentary incapable of being elected, or of sitting and voting, as a member disqualifica-of the House of Commons. tion.

1476

Rules and orders.

Expenses of the Council.

Reports to the Minister.

Interpretation.

Ch. 73 Nurses Ac, 1949 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Supplementary Provisions

20. —(1) The Council may make rules prescribing anything which by this Act is required or authorised to be prescribed.

(2) Rules made by the Council under this Act shall not come into operation unless and until they are approved by the Minister.

(3) The power conferred on the Minister by this section and any power to make an order conferred on him by this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(4) A statutory instrument by which the power conferred on the Minister by this section is exercised and a statutory instrument containing an order made under the foregoing provisions of this Act or the Second Schedule thereto shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) Any power to make an order conferred on the Minister by this Act shall be construed as including a power exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions (if any) to revoke or vary the order.

21. All expenses incurred by the Council with the approval of the Minister which are attributable to defraying expenditure incurred by area nurse-training committees (other than expenditure incurred by such committees in conducting examinations on behalf of the Council) shall be defrayed by the Minister out of moneys provided by Parliament, and all other expenses incurred by the Council under this Act and all expenses incurred by them under the Acts of 1919 and 1943 shall be defrayed by the Council.

22. The Council shall annually, at such date as the Minister may direct, make to the Minister a report as to the discharge by them during the preceding year of their functions with respect to the training of nurses, and the Minister shall lay every such report before Parliament.

23. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say: —

" the Act of 1919" means the Nurses Registration Act, 1919;

" the Act of 1943" means the Nurses Act, 1943;

" the appointed day" means the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-one or such earlier day as the Minister may by order appoint;

1949

Nurses Act, 1949 Ch. 37

1477

44 area nurse-training committee means a committee constituted by an order of the Minister under subsection

(1) of section two of this Act;

" Board of Governors ", in relation to a teaching hospital, means a Board of Governors constituted by an order of the Minister under subsection (8) of section eleven of the National Health Service Act, 1946, for the purpose of exercising functions with respect to the administration of that hospital;

" chief male nurse" means a male nurse in charge of the male nurses employed in a mental hospital;

"the Council " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section one of this Act;

" hospital " has the same meaning as in the National Health Service Act, 1946;

"hospital area" means an area for which a Regional Hospital Board is for the time being constituted under subsection (1) of section eleven of the National Health Service Act, 1946;

"the list" means the list of nurses kept by the Council under section eighteen of the Act of 1943;

"local education authority " has the same meaning as in the Education Act, 1944;

"mental hospital" means a mental hospital for the purposes of the Lunacy and Mental Treatment Acts, 1890 to 1930;

"the Minister" means the Minister of Health;

"nurse" means a nurse for the sick, and 44 nursing " shall be construed accordingly;

"prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the Council under this Act;

"the register" means the register of nurses established under the Act of 1919, and "registered" shall be construed accordingly;

"registered mental nurse" means a nurse whose name is included in the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases;

"registered sick children’s nurse" means a nurse whose name is included in the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children;

"the roll" means the roll of assistant nurses established under Part I of the Act of 1943, and 44 enrolled " shall be construed accordingly;

1478

Ch. 73

Nurses Ac, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Short title, citation, extent and repeal.

Sections 1,11.

" teaching hospital" means a hospital or group of hospitals designated by the Minister as a teaching hospital by an order in force under Part II of the National Health Service Act, 1946;

" the training rules" means rules relating to training made by the Council under section three of the Act of 1919 or section two of the Act of 1943.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a teaching hospital which consists of a group of hospitals which are situated in two or more hospital areas shall be deemed to be situated in such one of those areas as the Minister may direct.

24.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Nurses Act, 1949, and the Nurses Acts, 1919 to 1945, and this Act may be cited together as the Nurses Acts, 1919 to 1949.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the first and second columns of the Fourth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE The General Nursing Council for England and Wales New Constitution of the Council

1. The Council shall consist of—

(a) seventeen persons elected as hereinafter mentioned;

(b) twelve persons appointed by the Minister;

(c) three persons appointed by the Minister of Education; and

(d) two persons appointed by the Privy Council, of whom one

shall be appointed to represent universities in England and Wales.

2.—(1) Of the elected members of the Council—

(a) fourteen, who shall be nurses registered in the general part of the register or the supplementary part of the register containing the names of male nurses, shall be elected by persons (hereinafter referred to as "the general electors’1) who, on the date of the election, are registered elsewhere than in the supplementary parts of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases and the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children (whether or not they are also registered in either or both of those parts);

(b) two shall be registered mental nurses (of whom one shall be

a man and the other a woman) elected by persons who, on the date of the election, are registered mental nurses; and

1949

Nurses Act, 1949 Ch. 73

1479

(c) one shall be a registered sick children’s nurse elected by persons who( on the date of the election, are registered sick children's nurses.

(2) For the purposes of the election of the fourteen nurses mentioned in head (a) of the foregoing sub-paragraph, England and Wales shall be divided into fourteen areas determined by the Minister, one of those nurses shall be elected for each area and each of those nurses shall, on the date of the election, be engaged, in the area for which he is elected, in nursing or in other work for which the employment of a registered nurse is requisite or for which a registered nurse is commonly employed.

3. Of the members of the Council appointed by the Minister—

(a) two shall be registered nurses employed in services provided under Part III of the National Health Service Act, 1946, appointed by him after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of nurses so employed;

(i b) two shall be persons holding certificates given by virtue of section fourteen of the Act of 1943 (which provides for the giving of certificates to persons trained in the teaching of nursing) appointed by him after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of persons engaged in the teaching of nursing;

(c) one shall be a male nurse, whose name is included in the general

part of the register or the supplementary part containing the names of male nurses, appointed by him after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of male nurses whose names are so included;

(d) one shall be a registered nurse in charge of a ward in a hospital

which is an institution approved by the Council for the purposes of the training rules, being a nurse whose name is included in the general part of the register, appointed by him after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of nurses in charge of wards in hospitals; and

(e) three shall be persons appearing to him to have had

experience of the control and management of hospitals.

Supplementary Provisions

4. The members of the Council required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to be elected shall be elected in accordance with the prescribed scheme and in the prescribed manner, and the said scheme may provide that the system in accordance with which the election of the fourteen nurses mentioned in bead (a) of sub-paragraph

(1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall be conducted shall be either— (a) by way of assigning to each of the general electors one vote in respect of each of the areas into which England and Wales is divided under sub-paragraph (2) of that paragraph; or

1st Sch.

—cont.

1480

Ch. 73

Nurses Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

1st Sch.

—COM.

Section* 2,20.

(b) by way of assigning to each of the general electors a single vote in respect of that one of those areas that is determined in accordance with the scheme to be, in his case, the area at the election wherefor of a member of the Council it is appropriate for him to vote.

5. The members of the Council shall hold office for a term of five years :

Provided that the first members appointed as mentioned in sub-paragraphs (b) to (d) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall hold office for a term of three years.

6. —(1) If the place of a member of the Council becomes vacant before the expiration of his term of office whether by death, resignation or otherwise, the vacancy shall, if the member was appointed by the Minister, the Minister of Education or the Privy Council, be filled by a person appointed by the Minister, the Minister of Education or the Privy Council, as the case may be, and in any other case shall be filled by a person appointed by the Council.

(2) A person appointed to fill a vacancy occurring in the place of a member that was originally filled by a nurse elected for one of the areas into which England and Wales is divided under sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall be a person who would be qualified for election for that area if an election were to take place on the date on which he is appointed, and a person appointed to fill any other vacancy shall, if the place vacant was originally filled by a person required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to be a person of a particular class, himself be a person of that class.

(3) A person appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only so long as the member in whose stead he is appointed would have held office.

7. A person ceasing to be a member of the Council shall be eligible for re-appointment or re-election.

8. The Council may enter into such agreements, acquire such property and do such things, as may in the opinion of the Council be necessary or desirable for the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties, and may dispose as they think fit of any property acquired by them.

* 9. The powers of the Council may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Area Nurse-Training Committees

Constitution of Area Nurse-Training Committees

1. The area nurse-training committee for a hospital area shall consist of such number of persons of each of the following classes as may be specified in the order constituting the committee, that is to say,—

(a) persons appointed by the Regional Hospital Board for the area;

(b) persons appointed by Boards of Governors of teaching

hospitals situated in the area;

1949

Nurses Act, 1949 Ch. 73

1481

(c) persons appointed by the Council;

(d) persons appointed by the Central Midwives Board;

(e) persons appointed by the Minister after consultation with the local health authorities in the area;

(/) persons appointed by the Minister after consultation with the local education authorities in the area; and

(g) persons appointed by the Minister after consultation with such universities as he thinks fit;

and the said order may contain provisions with respect to the qualifications of members of the committee.

Supplementary Provisions

2. The Minister may by order make provision—

(a) with respect to the appointment, tenure of office and vacation of office of the members of the area nurse-training committee for a hospital area;

(b) with respect to the appointment of subcommittees of such a

committee consisting wholly or partly of the members thereof and the delegation of functions to such subcommittees;

(c) for the making by such a committee to the members thereofiand

to the members of any sub-committee thereof of such payments as may be specified in the order in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any Additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the committee or sub-committee, as the case may be;

(<d)with respect to the keeping of accounts of sums received and expended by such a committee and the making up and audit of those accounts and the times at which and the form in which estimates of their expenditure are to be submitted by them to the Council; and

(e) with respect to the procedure (including quorum) of such a committee.

3. It shall be the duty of the Regional Hospital Board for a hospital area to take, so soon as may be after the constitution of the area nurse-training committee for that area, the requisite steps to convoke the committee for the first meeting thereof.

4. —(1) It shall be the duty of the Regional Hospital Board for a hospital area to provide the area nurse-training committee for that area, on such terms as may, in default of agreement, be determined by the Minister, with the services of such of the officers and servants of the Board and with such office accommodation as the committee may reasonably require.

3 C

2nd Sch.

—cont.

12 & 13 Geo. 6

1482

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Sections 9,11.

Ch. 73 Nurses Act, 1949

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing sub-paragraph, an area nurse-training committee may, with the consent of the Minister, themselves employ officers and servants and may pay officers and servants employed by them such remuneration as they may determine.

(3) Any dispute arising under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph as to the reasonableness of any requirement shall be determined by the Minister.

5. The chairman of an area nurse-training committee shall be such one of the members thereof as may be selected by the committee.

6. The powers of an area nurse-training committee may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

THIRD SCHEDULE The Mental Nurses Committeb Constitution of the Mental Nurses Committee

1. —(1) The Mental Nurses Committee shall consist of twelve persons, of whom—

(< a)six shall be members of the Council appointed by the Council;

(b) two shall be registered mental nurses elected by persons who,

on the date of the election, are registered mental nurses; and

(c) four shall be appointed by the Minister.

(2) Of the members appointed by the Council, two shall be the registered mental nurses elected to membership thereof by registered mental nurses.

(3) The members appointed by the Minister shall respectively be a matron of a mental hospital which is an institution approved by the Council for the purposes of the training rules, a registered mental nurse engaged in the teaching of the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases, a registered medical practitioner engaged in the teaching of psychiatry and a chief male nurse of such a mental hospital as aforesaid, and the appointment of each of those persons shall be made by the Minister after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of persons of the class to which the person to be appointed belongs.

Supplementary Provisions

2. The members of the Mental Nurses Committee required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to be elected shall be elected in accordance with the prescribed scheme and in the prescribed manner.

3. The members of the Mental Nurses Committee shall hold office for a term of five years.

4. —(1) If the place of a member of the Mental Nurses Committee becomes vacant before the expiration of his term of office, whether by death, resignation or otherwise, the vacancy shall, if the member was appointed by the Minister, be filled by a person appointed by the Minister, and, in any other case, shall be filled by a person appointed by the Council.

1949

Nurses Ac, 1949

Ch. 73

1483

(2) Where a vacancy occurs in the place of a member that was 3rd Sch. originally filled by a registered mental nurse elected to membership of —cont. the Council by registered mental nurses, the person appointed to fill

the vacancy shall be the person appointed to fill the corresponding vacancy on the Council, and a person appointed to fill any other vacancy shall possess the same qualification as that by virtue whereof the person who originally filled the place vacant was qualified for appointment or election under paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

(3) A person .appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only so long as die member in whose stead he is appointed would have held office.

5. A person ceasing to be a member of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be eligible for re-appointment or re-election.

6. The powers of the Mental Nurses Committee may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

7. The chairman of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be such one of the members of the Committee who are members of the Council as may be selected by the Committee.

8. The quorum of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be four.

9 The Mental Nurses Committee may, with the approval of the Council, make standing orders regulating the summoning of meetings of the Committee and the proceedings of the Committee.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 94.

Section 24.

Short Title

The Nurses Registration Act, 1919.

Extent of Repeal

As from the appointed day, in section one, subsection (2).

As from the date of the first coming into operation of such rules as are referred to in subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act, in section two, in subsection (2), paragraph (b).

In section three, in subsection (1), in paragraph (a), the words "and publication ".

In section four, subsection (3).

As from the date specified in relation to the register by rules made under subsection (1) of section fifteen of this Act, in section five, in subsection (1), the words41 and in respect of the retention in any year of the name of any person on the register " and the proviso.

In section six, subsections (1) and (2).

In section seven, subsection (2).

As from the appointed day, the Schedule.

3 C 2

1484

Ch. 73, 74

Nurses Ac, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

4th Sch.

—cont.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 17. The Nurses Act, 1943 ... In section two, in subsection (1), in paragraph (< ), the words 11 and publication *. In section three, subsection (3). As from the date specified in relation to the roll by rules made under subsection (1) of section fifteen of this Act, in section four, in subsection (1), the words "and in respect of the retention in any year of the name of any person on the roll " and the proviso. In section five, subsection (2). Section nineteen. In the Second Schedule, in paragraph 3, the words "printed and published as and, as from the date specified in relation to the list by rules made under subsection (1) of section fifteen of this Act, the words "retention or ".

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Nurses Registration Act, 1919 9 & 10 Geo . 5. c. 94.

Nurses Act, 1943 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 17.

Education Act, 1944 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

National Health Service Act, 1946 9 & 10 Geo. . 6. c. 81.

CHAPTER 74

Coast Protection , 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Part 1 Coast Protection Coast protection authorities

Section

1. Coast protection authorities.

2. Constitution of coast protection boards.

3. Appointment of joint committees.

Execution of coast protection work

4. General powers of coast protection authorities.

5. Objections to, and approval of, proposals to carry out coast pro-

tection work.

6. Power to make schemes for carrying out work.

7. Works schemes providing for coast protection charges.

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1485

Section

8. Confirmation of works schemes.

9. Carrying out of work provided for by works schemes.

10. Recovery of coast protection charges.

11. Incidence of coast protection charges, etc.

12. General powers of maintenance and repair of works.

13. Recovery of cost of maintenance of works not constructed under works schemes.

14. Compulsory acquisition of land.

15. Provisions as to subsisting obligations to carry out coast protection

work.

General and supplementary provisions relating to Part I

16. Consent of coast protection authority required to carrying out of

coast protection work.

17. Notification to coast protection authority of coast protection work

to be carried out by certain authorities.

18. Prohibition of excavation etc., of materials on or under the sea-

shore.

19. Provisions' as to compensation.

20. Contributions towards expenses of coast protection.

21. Exchequer grants.

22. Power to use for incidental purposes land acquired for coast protection.

23. Power of coast protection authority to sell materials.

24. Provisions as to arbitrations.

25. Powers of entry and inspection.

26. Power of coast protection authorities to require information as to

ownership of land.

27. Acquisition by coast protection authority of right of passage for

facilitating coast protection work.

28. Power of Minister to facilitate coast protection work.

29. Default powers of Minister.

30. Transfer and compensation of officers, and superannuation rights.

31. Repeal or amendment of local Acts.

32. Application to the Crown.

33. Provisions as to land belonging to ecclesiastical corporations.

Part II

Provisions for Safety of Navigation

34. Restriction of works detrimental to navigation.

35. Operations excepted from s. 34.

36. Enforcement of s. 34.

Part III

Management of Crown Foreshore

37. Management of Crown foreshore transferred from Minister of

Transport to Commissioners of Crown Lands.

38. Powers of management of Commissioners.

39. Repeals and amendments consequential on Part III.

40. Interpretation of Part III.

Part IV Supplementary

41. Expenses.

42. Accounts of borough councils, coast protection boards and joint

committees.

43. Penalties for offences.

44. Regulations and orders.

1486

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Section

45. Service of notices and other documents.

46. Local inquiries.

47. Savings.

48. Repeals.

49. Interpretation.

50. Short title and extent.

Schedules :

First Schedule.—Procedure for making Orders and Provisions as to the validity of Orders.

Part I.—General Provisions.

Part II.—Certain Orders to be subject to Special Parliamentary Procedure.

Part III.—Provisions with respect to the validity of Orders not confirmed by Parliament.

Part IV.—Application to Scotland.

Second Schedule.-^Provisions as to Orders restricting excavation of materials from the seashore.

Part I.—General Provisions.

Part II.—Interim Orders.

Part III.i—Application to Scotland.

Third Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

Fourth Schedule.—Waters excluded for purposes of definitions of " sea " and " seashore ".

An Act to amend the law relating to the protection of the coast of Great Britain against erosion and encroachment by the sea; to provide for the restriction and removal of works detrimental to navigation; to transfer the management of Crown foreshore from the Minister of Transport to the Commissioners of Crown Lands; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Part I

Coast Protection

Coast Coast protection authorities

protection 1.—0) The council of each maritime county borough or

authorities. county district shall, subject to the provisions of any order under the next following section, be the coast protection authority for the county borough or county district, as the case may be.

(2) A coast protection authority shall have such powers and perform such duties in connection with the protection of land in their area as are conferred or imposed on coast protection authorities by this Act.

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74 1487

Act, 1949

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland, for Part I

references to a county borough or to a county district there —corn.

shall be substituted respectively references to a burgh or to a county, and in subsection (1) the words from " subject to " to " section " shall be omitted.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Minister Constitution may, where it appears to him expedient for the protection of of land in any area, make an order providing for the constitution ^°a^lon of a board, to be known as a coast protection board, which shall be the coast protection authority for that area.

(2) A coast protection board shall consist of representatives of the council of every maritime county borough or county district any part of which is within the area for which the board is constituted, and, if the order so provides, of representatives of such one or more as may be specified in the order of the following bodies and persons, that is to say—

(a) the council of any county any part of which is within

the area;

(b) any sea defence commissioners, river board or other

drainage authority, harbour authority, fishery board, local fisheries committee, conservancy authority or navigation authority having any powers or duties in relation to any part of the area;

(c) any local highway authority responsible for the main-

tenance of any highway within the area, being a highway likely to be injuriously affected by the action of the sea;

(<$ the British Transport Commission, in the case of any area containing any railway, canal or inland navigation vested in that Commission and likely to be injuriously affected as aforesaid;

(e) any other body or person upon whom any powers or duties relating to the protection of land in the area have been conferred or imposed by or under any enactment other than this Act.

(3) An order under this section may, if it appears expedient to the Minister, be made so as to relate only to such functions under this Act as may be specified in the order, or to the exercise of such functions only in such particular case as may be so specified.

(4) An order under this section which provides for the inclusion in a coast protection board of representatives of any body mentioned in paragraphs (b) to (e) of subsection (2) of this section shall be made jointly by the Ministers concerned, and in relation to such an order the last foregoing subsection shall have effect as if, for the reference to the Minister, there were substituted a reference to the Ministers concerned.

1488

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part I

—conf.

(5) An order made under this section may—

(a) prescribe the representation of the constituent

authorities on the board and make provision with respect to the appointment, tenure of office and vacation of office of members and officers and servants of the board, authorise the remuneration of such officers and servants, and make provision with respect to their pension rights;

(b) provide for the incorporation of the board with power

to hold land for the purposes of their powers and duties;

(c) authorise the board to defray or contribute to

expenses of carrying out coast protection work or of contributing to the cost of such work, being expenses incurred (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) by any of the constituent authorities before the making of the order;

W) make provision for the raising, by borrowing or otherwise, of any money required by the board for the purposes of their functions and, in particular, provide for the apportionment among the constituent authorities of any expenses of the board, empower the board to issue precepts to those authorities requiring payment of the amounts apportioned to them respectively and provide for the enforcement of such precepts;

ie) contain any incidental or consequential provisions which appear to the Minister, or the Ministers concerned, to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order, including, without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph, provisions as to the manner in which the expenses of a constituent authority under the last foregoing paragraph are to be defrayed and provisions applying to the board any enactment which applies to a coast protection authority, not being a coast protection board, by reason that it is a local authority as defined for the purposes of that enactment.

(6) An order revoking an order under this section may contain such provisions for the dissolution of the board constituted by the order revoked, and for the disposal of property, rights and liabilities of that board, as appear expedient to the Minister or the Ministers concerned.

(7) Any order made under this section shall be made in accordance with Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, and Parts II and III of that Schedule shall apply—

(a) as to the said Part II, for the purpose of making the order subject to special parliamentary procedure in the circumstances mentioned in that Part; and

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

14S9

(b) as to the said Part III, with respect to the validity of Part 1 the order. —cont.

(8) In this section the expression " the Ministers concerned "—

(a) in relation to a river board or other drainage authority, fishery board (other than the Tweed Commissioners) or local fisheries committee, or a harbour authority for a harbour to which the Fishery Harbours Act,

1915, applies, means the Minister and the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries;

(b) in relation to the Tweed Commissioners means the Minister and the Secretary of State;

(c) in relation to any other harbour authority, or a conservancy authority, navigation authority or highway authority, or the British Transport Commission, means the Minister and the Minister of Transport; and

(d) in relation to any other body, means the Minister and any other Minister concerned with the exercise by that body of their powers under the relevant enactment.

Any question arising under paragraph id) of this subsection shall be determined by the Treasury.

(9) Any power conferred by this section to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(10) This section shall not apply to Scotland.

3.—(1) Any coast protection authority may concur with Appointment any one or more other coast protection authorities in ofjoint appointing a joint committee of those authorities either for the committocs-aggregate of the areas of the authorities or for any part thereof, and may delegate to the committee, with or without restrictions, as they think fit, any of their functions under this Act, except any power of issuing precepts for any payments or of borrowing money.

(2) A joint committee appointed under the last foregoing subsection shall consist of such persons, being either members of the appointing authorities or persons nominated for the purpose by any one or more of the bodies and persons mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (e) of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section, as the appointing authorities may determine:

Provided that not less than one half of the members of the committee shall consist of members of the appointing authorities.

(3) The number of members of a joint committee appointed under subsection (1) of this section, the term of office of the

3 c*

1490

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Actf 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part I

members thereof, and any limitation of the area within which the committee is to exercise its authority, shall be fixed by the appointing authorities.

(4) Every member of a joint committee appointed under subsection (1) of this section, being a member of one of the appointing authorities, shall, on ceasing to be a member of that authority, also cease to be a member of the committee:

Provided that for the purposes of this subsection a person shall not be deemed to have ceased by reason of retirement to be a member of an authority, if he has been re-elected a member thereof not later than the day of his retirement.

(5) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, a coast protection authority may concur with any one or more other authorities or persons in appointing, from among their respective members or otherwise, a joint advisory committee for the purpose of advising or assisting the coast protection authority in the exercise of their functions under this Act either generally or in relation to any particular part of their area or the carrying out of any particular coast protection work; and for the purpose aforesaid any such committee may be appointed subject to such provisions with respect to its constitution and functions as the appointing authorities or persons may jointly determine.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland, for any reference to the bodies and persons mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (e) of subsection (2) of section two of this Act there shall be substituted a reference to the following bodies and persons, that is to say—

(< a) any harbour authority, fishery board, conservancy authority or navigation authority having any powers or duties in relation to any part of the area within which the joint committee is to exercise its authority;

(b) any local highway authority responsible for the maintenance of any highway within that area, being a highway likely to be injuriously affected by the action of the sea;

(c) the British Transport Commission, in the case of that

area containing any railway, canal or inland navigation vested in that Commission and likely to be injuriously affected by the sea;

(d) any other body or person on whom any powers or duties relating to the protection of land in that area have been conferred or imposed by or under any enactment other than this Act.

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949.

Ch. 74

1491

Execution of coast protection work

Part I —cont.

4.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, a General coast protection authority shall have power to carry out such powers of coast protection work, whether within dr outside their area, as may appear to them to be necessary or expedient for the pro- authorities, tection of any land in their area.

(2) A coast protection authority may enter into an agreement with any other person for the carrying out by that person or by the authority, on such terms as to payment or otherwise as may be specified in the agreement, of any coast protection work which the authority have power to carry out under this Part of this Act.

(3) A coast protection authority may acquire, whether by way of purchase, feu, lease or exchange, any land, whether within or outside their'area, being land—

(a) required by them for the purpose of carrying out thereon

any coast protection work which they have power to carry out under this Part of this Act, or

(b) for the protection of which they propose to carry out

any such work as aforesaid, not being work of maintenance or repair.

(4) Without prejudice to the powers hereinafter conferred on coast protection authorities, the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect only for the purpose of removing any limitation imposed by law on the capacity of such an authority by virtue of its constitution; and the said provisions shall not authorise any act or omission on the part of such an authority which apart from this section is actionable at the suit of any person on any ground other than such a limitation.

5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act as to works Objections to, schemes, a coast protection authority proposing to carry out any a*3d approv?1 coast protection work, other than work of maintenance or carrToS8 repair, shall publish in one or more local newspapers circulating coast in the area of the authority and in such other manner (if any) protection as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister or as work, the Minister may in any particular case direct, such notice of that proposal, including an estimate of the cost of the work and containing a sufficient indication of the effect of subsection (3) of this section, as may be so prescribed or as the Minister may so direct, and shall serve a like notice on any river board or other drainage authority in whose area any of the work is to be carried out. 2 *

(2) Where regulations made by the Minister so prescribe or

the Minister in any particular case so directs, a like notice

shall be served on such other authorities or persons as may be

specified in the regulations or direction.

3 C* 2

1492

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part I (3) Where a notice has been published by an authority under —cont. subsection (1) of this section, any person may serve on the Minister and on the authority, in the manner and within the period prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, notice of objection to the proposal.

(4) Where notice of objection has been served under the last foregoing subsection and not withdrawn, and the ground of objection is that the proposed work will be detrimental to the protection of any land specified in the notice, or will interfere -with the exercise by the objector of his functions under any enactment other than this Act, the Minister shall either cause a local inquiry to be held or shall give to the objector and to all other persons appearing to him to be affected by the proposal an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose; and after considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry or to hear objections, the Minister shall determine the objection:

Provided that—

(a) where the objection is made by a river board or other

drainage authority, fishery board (other than the Tweed Commissioners) or local fisheries committee, or by the harbour authority for a harbour to which the Fishery Harbours Act, 1915, applies, the powers of the Minister under this subsection shall be exercised jointly with the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries;

(b) where the objection is made by the Tweed Commis-

sioners, the said powers shall be exercised jointly with the Secretary of State; and

(c) where the objection is made by any other harbour

authority, or by a conservancy authority, navigation authority or highway authority, or by the British Transport Commission, the said powers shall be exercised jointly with the Minister of Transport.

(5) As soon as may be after the time for serving notices of objection under subsection (3) of this section has expired the Minister shall either approve the proposal or direct the authority not to carry out the proposed work or impose such modifications of the proposal or such conditions as to the carrying out of the work as he may think fit, having regard to the determination of objections as aforesaid.

(6) Nothing in this section shall prevent a coast protection authority from carrying out, without the provisions of this section having been complied with, any coast protection work which appears to them to be urgently necessary for the protection of any land in their area; but where work is so carried out in the area of any river board or other drainage authority and the coast protection authority is not a board on which the drainage authority are represented, the coast protection authority shall

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74

Act, 1949

give to the drainage authority, before or as soon as possible after the commencement of the work, notice of the nature of the work.

(7) In the application bf this section to Scotland, subsection

(4) shall have effect as if in the proviso for the words from " by a river board " to " any other harbour authority " there were substituted the words "by a harbour authority other than the authority for a harbour principally used by the fishing industry ", and as if for the words "the said powers " there were substituted the words "the powers of the Minister under this subsection".

6. —(1) Where a coast protection authority propose that coast Power to

protection work (not being work of maintenance or repair) make schemes should be carried out on any land, and it appears to theforcar2jn* authority— 0Ut wor*'

(a) that the work cannot be carried out except in the exercise of compulsory powers, or

(b) that persons interested in land benefited by the carrying out of the work ought to pay to the authority charges (hereinafter referred to as " coast protection charges ") in accordance with the following provisions of this Act in that behalf,

the authority may prepare a scheme (hereinafter referred to as a " works scheme ") for the carrying out of the work.

(2) A works scheme shall—

(a) indicate the nature of any work to be carried out by the authority on land vested in them or proposed to be acquired by them for the purposes of the scheme;

(b) specify the work (if any) to be carried out on land not so vested or proposed to be acquired; and

(c) specify the estimated cost of all work comprised in the

scheme.

(3) A works scheme shall not have effect unless confirmed by the Minister in accordance with the following provisions of this Act.

7. —(1) A works scheme may indicate land (hereinafter Works

referred to as " contributory land ") as land in respect of which schemes coast protection charges are to be payable under the scheme on Providin8 the ground that it will be benefited by the carrying out of the protection work provided for by the scheme. charges.

(2) Coast protection charges under a works scheme shall be levied by reference to interests in contributory land.

(3) The coast protection charge payable by reference to any such interest shall not exceed the amount by which the value of the interest immediately after the time at which the works provided for by the scheme have been completed, calculated on

1493

Part 1

—cont.

1494

Part I

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

the assumption that those works will in future be maintained without expense to the person entitled to the interest in question, is greater than the value of that interest would then be if the works had not been undertaken:

Provided that, if any of the work provided for by the scheme is carried out at the expense of the person entitled to the interest, the coast protection charge shall not exceed the said amount reduced by the reasonable cost of the carrying out thereof.

(4) A works scheme which provides for the levying of coast protection charges shall either—

(a) specify the persons by whom such charges are to be

paid, the amount of the charge to be paid by each person and the interest in land by reference to which the charge is levied upon him; or

(b) state that the authority by whom the scheme is pre-

pared will, within such period after the completion of the work as may be specified in the scheme, determine the interests in land by reference to which coast protection charges are to be levied and, in the case of each of those interests, the amount of the charge leviable in respect thereof;

and in a case falling within paragraph ( ) of this subsection a coast protection charge shall be payable by the person who, at the time of the determination of the interest by reference to which the charge is to be levied, is entitled to that interest.

(5) Where a works scheme contains such a statement as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection, the authority may, at any time within the period specified in the scheme, determine the charges to be levied thereunder as mentioned in that paragraph, and shall serve on each person upon whom a charge is leviable under the scheme a notice containing full particulars of their determination as to all the charges to be so levied.

(6) Any person aggrieved by the determination of an authority under the last foregoing subsection may appeal to the Minister on the ground that the determination is inequitable or unduly onerous; and the Minister, after giving to the appellant and the authority and any other person appearing to him to be concerned an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose, may confirm, reduce or cancel the charge levied upon the appellant as the Minister may think fit.

(7) Any dispute arising in connection with a works scheme as to whether a charge under the scheme exceeds the amount permitted by subsection (3) of this section shall be determined by arbitration; and if on any such arbitration it is determined that the charge exceeds that amount, the charge shall be reduced

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74

Act, 1949

accordingly and the scheme and any notice served thereunder shall have effect as if the amount of the charge expressed therein were the amount permitted by the said subsection (3) as determined on the arbitration.

(8) In this section—

ia) as respects England and Wales, the expression

" interest" means the fee simple or an interest under a tenancy, and the expression " tenancy " includes a tenancy under an under-lease and a tenancy under an agreement for a lease or under-lease but does not include an option to take a tenancy and does not include a mortgage;

(b) as respects Scotland, the expression " interest " means

the interest of the proprietor of the dominium utile or, in the case of land other than feudal land, of the owner, or the interestjof the tenant or sub-tenant under a lease or sub-lease; and for the purposes of this section the value of an interest which is subject to a mortgage or heritable security shall be calculated as if the interest were not subject thereto.

8.—(1) A coast protection authority by whom a works scheme is prepared shall publish, in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area of the authority and in such other manner (if any) as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister or as the Minister may in any particular case direct, a notice stating that the scheme has been prepared, naming a place where a copy thereof may be seen at all reasonable hours, and containing a sufficient indication of the effect of subsection (3) of this section, and shall serve copies of the scheme on the owner and occupier of any land, other than land vested in and occupied by the authority, on which the work provided for by the scheme is to be carried out, on any river board or other drainage authority in whose area any of the work is to be carried out, and on such other authorities or persons (if any) as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister or as the Minister may in any particular case direct.

(2) If the scheme provides for the levying of coast protection charges the persons on whom copies of the scheme are to be served shall include—

(a) where the scheme specifies the persons by whom such charges are to be paid as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of the last foregoing section, each of those persons;

(b) where the scheme contains such a statement as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection, all owners of contributory land.

(3) Where a notice has been published by an authority under subsection (1) of this section, any person may serve on the Minister and on the authority, in the manner and within the

1495

Part I

—cont.

Confirmation of works schemes.

1496 Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

, 1949

Parti period, not being less than twenty-eight days, prescribed by

—cont. regulations made by the Minister, notice of objection to the

scheme.

(4) Where notice of objection has been served under the last foregoing subsection and not withdrawn, and the ground of the objection is—

(a) that the work provided for by the scheme, or any part

thereof, is unnecessary;

(b) that the carrying out thereof in the manner provided by the scheme would cause hardship to the objector;

(c) that the land indicated by the scheme as contributory land includes land which ought not to be so indicated or does not include land which ought to be so indicated;

(d) in the case of a scheme which specifies the persons by whom coast protection charges are to be paid as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of the last foregoing section, that any other provision of the scheme as to such charges is inequitable or unduly onerous; or

(e) that the work provided for by the scheme will be detrimental to the protection of any land specified in the notice of objection, or will interfere with the exercise by the objector of his functions under any enactment, the Minister shall either cause a local inquiry to be held or give to the objector and to all other persons appearing to the Minister to be affected by the scheme an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose; and after considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry or to hear objections, the Minister shall determine the objection:

Provided that—

(a) where the objection is made by a river board or other

drainage authority, fishery board (other than the Tweed Commissioners) or local fisheries committee, or by the harbour authority for a harbour to which the Fishery Harbours Act, 1915, applies, the powers of the Minister under this subsection shall be exercised jointly with the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries;

(b) where the objection is made by the Tweed Commis-

sioners, the said powers shall be exercised jointly with the Secretary of State; and

(c) where the objection is made by any other harbour

authority, or by a conservancy authority, navigation authority or highway authority, or by the British Transport Commission, the said powers shall be exercised jointly with the Minister of Transport.

(5) As soon as may be after the time for serving notices of objection under subsection (3) of this section has expired, the Minister shall make such order either confirming the scheme, as

1949 Coast Protection Oi. 74

Act, 1949

prepared by the authority or with modifications, or quashing the scheme, as the Minister may think fit haying regard to the determination of any objections under the last foregoing subsection:

Provided that except as hereinafter mentioned the Minister shall not modify a works scheme by indicating as contributory land any land not so indicated in the scheme as prepared by the coast protection authority, or by specifying as a person upon whom a coast protection charge may be levied any person not so specified in the scheme as so prepared, or by increasing the amount of any such charge specified in the scheme as so prepared.

(6) Where it appears to the Minister that a works scheme should be modified as mentioned in the proviso to the last foregoing subsection, he shall direct the authority by whom the scheme was prepared to serve notice of the proposed modification on the owners of the land proposed to be indicated as contributory land or the persons proposed to be specified as persons upon whom coast protection charges may be levied or whose charges are proposed to be increased, as the case may be; and any person on whom notice is served as aforesaid may object to the proposed modification, and the provisions of subsections

(3) and (4) of this section as to the service of notices of objection and the determination of objections shall, so far as applicable, apply accordingly with the substitution, for references to the scheme, of references to the proposed modification.

(7) Subject to the provisions of subsection (7) of the last foregoing section, the provisions of Part III of the First Schedule to this Act as to the validity of orders shall apply to an order made by the Minister under subsection (5) of this section:

Provided that the Minister may direct in the case of any particular order that in lieu of the provisions of the said Part III as to the publication of notices there shall be substituted such provisions as, having regard to the nature of the order, the Minister considers best suited for bringing it to the notice of persons affected.

(8) As soon as may be after a works scheme indicating land as contributory land becomes operative, the scheme shall be registered in the prescribed manner in the register of local land charges by the appropriate officer of the council of each county borough or county district in which any of the contributory land is situated; and—

(a) it shall be the duty of the coast protection authority as soon as may be after the scheme has become operative to notify that feet to the appropriate officer of any other authority by whom the scheme is required to be registered as aforesaid and to furnish him with all information relating to the scheme requisite in that behalf;

1497

Part I —com.

1498

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part I

—cant.

Carrying out of work provided for by works schemes.

(6) the power conferred by subsection (6) of section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925, to make rules for giving effect to the provisions of that section shall be exercisable for giving effect to the provisions of this subsection, and in this subsection the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by rules made in exercise of that power.

(9) In the application of this section to Scotland,—

(a) subsection (4) shall have effect as if in the proviso for

the words from " by a river board " to " any other harbour authority " there were substituted the words "by a harbour authority other than the authority for a harbour principally used by the fishing industry ", and for the words "the said powers " there were substituted the words "the powers of the Minister under this subsection

(b) subsection (8) shall be omitted, but as soon as may be

after a works scheme indicating land as contributory land becomes operative, the authority by whom it was prepared shall record it in the appropriate Register of . Sasines.

9.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, where a works scheme prepared by an authority is confirmed by the Minister the authority shall have power to take all necessary steps for carrying out the work provided for by the scheme.

(2) Where a works scheme specifies work to be carried out on land neither vested in the authority nor proposed to be acquired by them for the purposes of the scheme, the owner of the land may, at any time not later than the expiration of six weeks after the confirmation of the scheme, serve a notice on the authority stating that he proposes to carry out the work; and where such a notice is served and not withdrawn, the authority shall not, except in accordance with the next following subsection, carry out that work.

(3) Where an owner by whom a notice has been served under the last foregoing subsection fails to carry out the work to which the notice relates in accordance with the scheme, the authority may give notice to him that unless the work is so carried out within such period as may be specified in the notice the authority will themselves carry out the work; and if where such a notice has been given by the authority the work is not so carried out within the said period, the authority shall have power to take all necessary steps for carrying out the work in accordance with the scheme.

(4) Section five of this Act shall not apply to any proposal of a coast protection authority to carry out work provided for by a works scheme.

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74 1499

Act, 1949

10.—(1) A coast protection charge levied upon any person Part I under a works scheme shall become due— —cont.

(a) in the case of a charge the amount of which is specified

in the scheme, on the completion of the work provided protection for by the scheme, and charges.

(b) in any other case, on the service upon him of a notice

specifying the amount of the charge:

Provided that if the charge is disputed, either by any question being required to be determined by arbitration or by an appeal to the Minister in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Act in that behalf, the charge shall not become due until the dispute is finally determined.

(2) A coast protection authority to whom a coast protection charge is payable by any person may, if he so requires, by order declare that it shall be payable by instalments over a period specified in the order not exceeding thirty years, with interest at such rate as may be determined by regulations made by the Minister.

(3) Any such instalment, or any part thereof, may, at any time after it has fallen due, be recovered from the person for the time being entitled to the interest in land by reference to which the charge was levied; and where that person is the owner the instalment, or any part thereof, may be recovered from the occupier for the time being of the land, and, if recovered from the occupier, may be deducted by him from the rent of the land:

Provided that an occupier shall not be required under this subsection to pay at any one time any sum in excess of the amount which was due from him on account of rent at, or has become due from him on account of rent since, the date on which he received a demand from the authority together with a notice requiring him not to pay rent to his landlord without deducting the sum so demanded.

(4) An order may be made under subsection (2) of this section at any time with respect to the unpaid balance of any coast protection charge, so however that the period for repayment shall not in any case extend beyond thirty years from the time when the charge first became due.

(5) The making of an order under the said subsection (2) as respects a coast protection charge shall not prevent the charge from being discharged at any time by the payment to the coast protection authority of the unpaid balance of the charge together with any accrued interest thereon.

(6) Where the interest by reference to which a coast protection charge is levied is subject to a mortgage, then, at the time while the mortgagee is in possession or in receipt of the rents or profits, the charge or any instalment in respect thereof for the time being due and remaining unpaid shall be payable by the mortgagee, and not by the person entitled to the interest.

1500

Part I

—cont.

Incidence of coast protection charges, etc.

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(7) Where at a time when a coast protection charge or any instalment in respect thereof is due and remains unpaid a person is in receipt of the rents and profits of land as agent for the person entitled to the interest by reference to which the charge is levied, the charge or instalment may, subject to the next following subsection, be recovered from the agent.

(8) Where a coast protection authority claim to recover any ' sum in respect of a coast protection charge from a person who proves that—

(a) he acts, in the capacity by reason of which the claim is

made, mefely as agent or trustee for some other person; and

(b) he has not, and since the date of the service on him of a

demand for payment has not had, in his hands on behalf of that other person sufficient money to discharge the whole demand of the authority,

his liability shall be limited to the total amount of the money which he has or has had in his hands as aforesaid; but an authority who are, or would be, debarred by the foregoing provisions of this subsection from recovering the whole of any such sum from an agent or trustee may recover the whole or any unpaid balance thereof from the person on whose behalf die agent or trustee acts.

(9) References in this section to the payment or recovery of an instalment in respect of a coast protection charge shad be construed as including references to the payment or recovery, as the case may be, of any accrued interest in respect of the charge.

11.—(1) Any amount paid by a mortgagee in respect of a coast protection charge or in respect of expenses incurred in carrying out work under a works scheme shall be treated as if it were secured by the mortgage, with the like priority and with interest at the same rate as die mortgage money:

Provided that, without prejudice to the recovery of interest, the said amount shall not be recoverable from the mortgagor personally.

(2) The following provisions shall have effect as to the raising of money in particular cases for the payment of coast protection charges and of expenses incurred in carrying out work under a works scheme, that is to say—

(a) the purposes authorised for the application of capital money by section seventy-three of the Settled Land Act, 1925, by that section as applied by section twenty-eight of the Law of Property Act, 1925, in relation to trusts for sale, and by section twenty-six of the Universities and College Estates Act, 1925, and the purposes authorised by section seventy-one of the

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1501

Settled Land Act, 1925, by that section as applied as part I aforesaid, and by section thirty-one of the Universities —cont. and College Estates Act, 1925. as purposes for which moneys may be raised by mortgage, shall include the payment of any such charge or expenses;

(b) any such charge or expenses which are payable by the Commissioners of Crown Lands in respect of lands under their management may, with the approval of the Treasury, be charged as a principal sum to the account of the capital of the land revenues of the Crown, but the Treasury may direct that any sum so charged shall be repaid out of the income of those revenues within such time and by such instalments as may be specified in the directions;

(c) the purposes authorised by section twenty-five of the Act of the fifty-seventh year of King George the Third, chapter ninety-seven, for the application of moneys arising by any such sale of annuities standing in the name or to the account of the Duchy of Lancaster as is therein mentioned shall include the payment of any such charge or expenses in respect of land belonging to the said Duchy; and id) the purposes authorised by section eight of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, as amended by section one of the Act of the thirty-first and thirty-second years of Queen Victoria, chapter thirty-five, for the advancement of parts of such gross sums as are therein mentioned shall include the payment of any such charge or expenses in respect of land forming part of the possessions of the said Duchy.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland, the last foregoing subsection shall have effect as if for paragraph (a) there were substituted the following paragraph—

" (a) for the purpose of paying any such charge or expenses, a trustee, a liferenter or an heir of entail in possession shall have power to expend capital money and to sell, or to borrow money on the security of, the estate or any part thereof, heritable as well as moveable; " and as if paragraphs (c) and id) were omitted.

12.—(1) Where it appears to a coast protection authority that General for the protection of land in their area any works are in need of powers of maintenance or repair, the authority may serve on the owner and J^Xrepair* occupier of the land on which the works are situated a notice of Works. specifying the work of maintenance or repair which the authority consider to be necessary and a period after the expiration of which die authority will carry out that work if it has not been previously completed.

1502

Part I

—cont.

Recovery of cost of maintenance of works not constructed under works schemes.

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) If at the expiration of the period specified in a notice under the last foregoing subsection the work so specified has not been completed, the authority may take all necessary steps for carrying out the work.

(3) If it appears to a coast protection authority to be urgently necessary for the protection of land in their area that any works should be repaired immediately, the authority may take all necessary steps for repairing them without having served any notice under subsection (1) of this section, or notwithstanding that the time for completing the work specified in any such notice has not expired.

(4) Nothing in this section shall authorise a coast protection authority to carry out any work of maintenance or repair on works which the British Transport Commission, or an Executive established by or under section five of the Transport Act, 1947, have for the time being power to maintain.

13.—(1) Where under the last foregoing section a coast protection authority have carried out any work of maintenance or repair on works not being works constructed, altered or improved under a works scheme and not being works in respect of which a scheme under this section has come into operation, the authority may, subject to the provisions of this section, on the completion of the work recover the reasonable cost of the carrying out of the work from the owner or occupier of the land on which the works are situated.

(2) The right of recovery conferred by the last foregoing subsection shall not be exercisable unless a notice in respect of the work in question has been served- under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section and the notice contained a statement that the works to be maintained or repaired are works to which this section applies, stated whether the authority propose to exercise their right of recovery against the owner or against the occupies and contained a sufficient indication of the effect of this section.

(3) At any time within twenty-one days after service upon an owner or occupier of such a notice, he may complain in writing to a court of summary jurisdiction on any one or more of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that having regard to all the circumstances of the case

it is equitable that the right of recovery conferred by subsection (1) of this section should be exercisable, as respects the whole or some part of the cost of carrying out the work, against whichever of the owner and the occupier is not the complainant;

(b) that having regard to all the circumstances of the case

it is equitable that the coast protection authority should bear the whole or some part of the cost of carrying out the work;

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1503

(c) that any of the work specified in the notice under sub-

section (1) of the last foregoing section is not work of maintenance or repair; or

(d) that having regard to all the circumstances of the case,

and in particular to the amount of the cost or the probability that there will be a recurrent need for maintenance or repair, the cost ought to be provided for by a scheme under this section.

(4) A summons granted on a complaint under the last foregoing subsection shall be served on the coast protection authority and, if the complaint is made on the ground specified in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection, on whichever of the owner and the occupier is not the complainant.

(5) On a complaint under subsection (3) of this section the court may, if it thinks fit, make such one or more of the following orders as may appear to the court to be appropriate, having regard to the grounds of the complaint, that is to say an order—

(a) directing that the right of recovery conferred by subsection (1) of this section shall be exercisable, as respects the whole or such part as may be specified in the order of the cost of carrying out the work, against whichever of the owner and the occupier is not the complainant;

(b) debarring the authority from recovering the cost of carrying out the work or so much of that cost as may be specified in the order;

(c) declaring that any of the work specified in the notice under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section is not work of maintenance or repair; or

(d) debarring the authority from recovering the said cost but empowering them to make a scheme under this section.

(6) Where under the last foregoing subsection the coast protection authority are empowered so to do, they may make a scheme under this section, and the provisions of sections six to eight and ten and eleven of this Act shall apply to any such scheme as they apply to a works scheme, but subject to the following modifications: —

(a) subsections (1) and (2) of the said section six shall not

apply, but the scheme shall specify the work of maintenance or repair for which provision is made by the scheme;

(b) in subsection (3) of section seven of this Act references

to the said work shall be substituted for references to the work or works provided for by the scheme;

Part I

—cont.

1504

Part I

—corn.

Compulsory acquisition of land.

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(c) in the said subsection (3) the reference to the maintenance of the works provided for by the scheme shall be construed as a reference to the maintenance of the works for whose maintenance or repair provision is made by the scheme; id) the grounds on which objection may be made to the scheme shall be that any of the work is unnecessary or that any provision of the scheme as to charges is inequitable or unduly onerous, and no other grounds, and the reference in subsection (1) of section eight of this Act to subsection (3) of that section shall be construed accordingly.

(7) The Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall apply to the proceedings on any complaint under subsection (3) of this section; and where any party to the proceedings is aggrieved by the decision of the court on any such complaint he may appeal to a court of quarter sessions.

(8) Save as expressly provided in the last foregoing subsection. the determination by the court of a complaint under paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of this section shall be conclusive, as respects any right of recovery under this section, of the matter of the complaint.

(91 In the application of this section to Scotland,—

(a) for any reference to a court of summary jurisdiction there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff, and for references to complaining, to a complainant and to a complaint there shall be substituted references to making an application, to a person making an application and to an application;

(hi in subsection (4) for the words "A summons granted on a complaint " there shall be substituted the words "Notice of an application made "; and

(c) subsection (7) shall be omitted.

14.—(1) A coast protection authority may be authorised by the Minister to acquire by compulsory purchase any land which they are authorised by section four of this Act to acquire by agreement, and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, shall apply in relation to any such compulsory purchase as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act:

Provided that, in relation to any such land as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of the said section four, the power conferred by this subsection shall be exercisable only if it appears that the value of the land immediately after the completion of the work will be greater than it would then be if the work had not been carried out; and in estimating for the purposes of this proviso the value of the land at that time it shall

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1505

be assumed, as respects the works proposed to be constructed, altered or improved, that they will in future be maintained without expense to any person entitled to an interest in the land.

(2) Any dispute arising under the proviso to the last foregoing subsection shall, on the application of any person concerned, be determined by arbitration; and for the purposes of paragraph 15 of the First Schedule to the said Act of 1946, as applied by the last foregoing subsection, the provisions of this subsection shall be deemed to be a requirement of that Act.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland, for any reference to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, and to paragraph 15 of the First Schedule thereto there shall be substituted a reference to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947, and to paragraph 15 of the First Schedule thereto.

15.—(1) No person shall be liable, by reason only that he is subject to an obligation to which this section applies, to main* tain or repair any works being either works constructed, altered or improved under a works scheme or works for whose maintenance or repair provision is made by a scheme under section thirteen of this Act.

(2) This section applies to any obligation to carry out coast protection work to which a person would be subject by reason of tenure, custom, prescription or otherwise if this Act had not been passed.

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, nothing in this Part of this Act shall operate to release any person from any obligation to which this section applies.

(4) If any person who, by reason of any such obligation as aforesaid, is liable to carry out any coast protection work fails to carry out that work, any coast protection authority in whose area the work ought to be carried out or to whom it appears that the work is necessary or expedient for the protection of any land in their area may serve a notice on the person liable to carry out the work requiring him to carry it out within such period as may be specified in the notice; and if within that period he fails to comply with the notice, the authority by whom the notice was served may carry out the work and may recover from him any expenses reasonably incurred by the authority in carrying it out.

(5) Where it is represented to the Minister by a coast protection authority that any sea defence commissioners have failed to carry out any coast protection work which the commissioners are authorised or required by their local Act to carry out and which is necessary or expedient for the protection of land in the area of the authority, the Minister may, after giving to the commissioners an opportunity of making representations to him with

Part I

—cont.

Provisions as to subsisting obligations to cany out coast protection work.

1506

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Consent of coast protection authority required to

Part 1 respect thereto, make an order authorising the coast protection —cont. authority to carry out the work and to recover from the commissioners any expenses reasonably incurred by the authority in carrying it out or such part of those expenses as the Minister may think fit.

General and supplementary provisions relating to Part I

16. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, any person who carries out any coast protection work,

____vw other than work of maintenance or repair, without the consent

carrying out of in writing of the coast protection authority in whose area the coast protec- work is to be carried out, or in contravention of any conditions tion work. subject to which that consent is granted, shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(2) Without prejudice to any proceedings under the last foregoing subsection, where any person has constructed, altered or improved any works in contravention of that subsection or of any such condition as aforesaid, the said coast protection authority may serve a notice on him requiring him, within such period (not being less than thirty days) as may be specified in the notice, to remove the works or to make such alteration therein as may be so specified.

(3) If within the period specified in a notice under the last foregoing subsection die person on whom the notice is served fails to comply therewith, the coast protection authority may

. themselves remove or alter the works, as specified in the notice, and if they do so they shall be entitled to recover the expense thereof from the person on whom the notice was served.

(4) Where for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section application is made to a coast protection authority for their consent, they shall, before determining the application, give notice thereof to any coast protection authority whose area adjoins their area and to any river board or other drainage authority whose area comprises the whole or any part of their area, and shall consider any representations made by any such authority.

(5) A coast protection authority in England or Wales shall have power to institute proceedings for a contravention of subsection (1) of this section. 17

17. —(1) Subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act shall not apply to the carrying out of work—

(a) by a coast protection authority;

(b) by any body or person upon whom any powers or duties relating to the protection of land have been conferred or imposed by or under any enactment other than this Act;

(c) by a highway authority for the protection of a highway;

Notification to coast protection authority of coast protection work to be carried out by certain authorities.

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1507

(d) by the British Transport Commission, or an Executive established by or under section five of the Transport Act, 1947, for the protection of a railway; or

(e) by a harbour authority.

(2) Work excluded from the operation of the last foregoing section by virtue only of paragraphs ib) to (e) of the last foregoing subsection shall not be carried out except in accordance with the following provisions of this section; and any body or person who contravenes the provisions of this subsection shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(3) Before carrying out any such work as aforesaid the body or person in question (in this section referred to as " the undertakers *) shall give to the coast protection authority in whose area the work is to be carried out, to any coast protection authority whose area adjoins that area, and to any river board or other drainage authority whose area comprises the whole or any part of that area, not less than twenty-eight days’ notice of their intention in that behalf, specifying the work to be carried out; and where notice is so given—

(a) the undertakers shall not carry out the work before the expiration of the notice; and

(b) if before the expiration of the notice any authority or board to whom the notice has been given serves notice of objection on the Minister and on the undertakers, the undertakers shall not (unless the objection is withdrawn) carry out the work except in accordance with any direction given under the following provisions of this section.

(4) Where notice of objection has been served under the last foregoing subsection and has not been withdrawn, the Minister and any other Minister being a Minister concerned, after affording to the undertakers and to the objectors and, if the objectors are not the coast protection authority in whose area the work is to be carried out, to that authority, an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the said Ministers for the purpose, shall determine the objection.

(5) Where an objection has been determined under the last foregoing subsection, the appropriate Minister shall either direct that the undertakers shall be at liberty to carry out the work (whether as specified in the notice given by them under subsection (3) of this section or subject to such modifications or conditions as the appropriate Minister may think fit, having regard to the determination of the objection as aforesaid) or shall direct the undertakers not to carry out the work.

(6) A coast protection authority in England or Wales shall have power to institute proceedings for a contravention of subsection (2) of this section.

Pact I

—cont.

1508

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part I —cent.

Prohibition of excavation etc., of materials on or under the seashore.

(7) Nothing in this section shall prevent any body or person from carrying out, without the provisions of this section having been complied with, any coast protection work which appears to them or him to be urgently necessary for the protection of any land; but where any work is so carried out, being work to which subsection (2) of this section applies, the undertakers shall, before or as soon as possible after the commencement of the work, give to the coast protection authority in whose area the work is carried out notice of the nature of the work.

(8) In this section the expression " the appropriate Minister " in relation to a notice of objection served under subsection (3) thereof,—

(a) if the undertakers are a body or person mentioned in

paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, means any Minister concerned with the exercise by that body or person of their or his functions under the relevant enactment;

(b) if the undertakers acre a harbour authority for a harbour

to which the Fishery Harbours Act, 1915, applies, means the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries; and

(c) in any other case, means the Minister of Transport; and any question arising under paragraph (a) of this subsection shall be determined by the Treasury.

(9) For the purposes of subsection (4) of this section, a Minister shall be deemed to be a Minister concerned if he is the appropriate Minister or, in a case where the notice of objection was served by a river board or other drainage authority and the appropriate Minister is not the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, if he is the appropriate Minister or the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(10) In the application of this section to Scotland, paragraph

(b) of the last but one foregoing subsection shall have effect as if for the words from " to which the Fishery Harbours Act " to the end of the paragraph there were substituted the words "principally used by the fishing industry, means the Minister; and

18.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, and notwithstanding anything contained in any other enactment, it shall be unlawful to excavate or remove any materials (other than minerals more than fifty feet below the surface) on, under or forming part of any portion of the seashore to which the provisions of this section are applied.

(2) The provisions of the last foregoing subsection shall not affect the excavation or removal of any materials by the Minister of Transport in the exercise of the powers conferred upon him by Part II of this Act, or the excavation or removal thereof by any other person in compliance with a notice served by that Minister under the said Part II.

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1509

(3) A coast protection authority may make an order applying the provisions of this section to any such portion of the seashore within their area or lying to seaward therefrom as may be described in the order:

Provided that the order may, as respects the whole of that portion of the seashore or any such part thereof as may be specified in the order, except from the provisions of subsection <1) of this section the carrying out of operations of any such class as may be so specified, and any such exception may be either unconditional or subject to such conditions as may be specified in the order.

(4) An order under this section shall be made in accordance with the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act, and, subject to the provisions of Part II of that Schedule as to interim orders, shall not have effect unless confirmed by the Minister as therein mentioned.

(5) The authority by whom an order has been made under subsection (3) of this section may grant to any person a licence, as respects any portion of the seashore described in the order, to do anything which would otherwise be a contravention of subsection (1) of this section, and any such licence may be granted subject to such conditions as the authority may determine:

Provided that a licence granted under this subsection shall not render lawful anything which would be unlawful if subsection (1) of this section had not been enacted.

(6) An order under subsection (3) of this section may provide that this subsection shall have effect as respects any part specified in the order of the area to which the order relates, being a part of the area with which any drainage authority so specified is particularly concerned; and where an order so provides, the coast protection authority shall consult with the drainage authority before granting a licence under the last foregoing subsection relating to land in that part of the area.

(7) Any person who, without such a licence as aforesaid, excavates or removes any materials in contravention of subsection (1) of this section, or fails to comply with any condition subject to which any such licence was granted, shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(8) It shall be the duty of a coast protection authority to enforce the provisions of this section as respects any portion of the seashore to which those provisions are applied by an order made by them.

(9) The Coast Protection Act, 1939, shall cease to have effect.

(10) Notwithstanding the repeal of the said Act of 1939, any order made, or deemed for the purposes of that Act to have been made, under section one of that Act, if in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, shall continue in

Part I —cont.

1510

Part I —cont.

Provisions as to

compensation.

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

force and have effect as if it had been made under this section by the appropriate coast protection authority and confirmed by the Minister in accordance with the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act, or, if it is an interim order made by virtue of the proviso to subsection (1) of section one of the said Act of 1939, as if it had been made by the appropriate coast protection authority as an interim order in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the said Second Schedule; and any brder continued in force as aforesaid may be amended or revoked accordingly.

In this subsection the expression " the appropriate coast protection authority" means the coast protection authority for the area which includes the portion of the seashore specified in the order continued in force, or, if that portion of the seashore includes the areas or parts of the areas of two or more coast protection authorities, means, as to so much of that portion of the seashore as falls within the area of any of the authorities, that authority.*

(11) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising a coast protection authority in Scotland to institute proceedings for any offence under this Act.

19.—(1) Where on a claim being made under this section it is shown—

(a) that the value of an interest of any person in land has been depreciated, or that any person has suffered damage by being disturbed in his enjoyment of land, in consequence of the carrying out of coast protection work by a coast protection authority in the exercise of the powers% conferred by this Part of this Act, or

(b) that the value of such an interest as aforesaid has been depreciated in consequence of the refusal of consent for which application has been made under section sixteen of this Act, or in consequence of the granting of such consent subject to conditions, the coast protection authority shall pay to that person compensation equal to the amount of the depreciation or damage:

Provided that a person shall not be entitled to compensation under paragraph (a) of this subsection unless the act or omission causing the depreciation or disturbance would have been actionable at his suit if it had been done or omitted otherwise than in the exercise of statutory powers.

(2) A claim for compensation under this section shall be made to the coast protection authority within twelve months of the completion of the work, the refusal of consent, or the imposition of conditions, giving rise to the claim.

(3) Any dispute arising under this section shall be determined by arbitration.

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1511

(4) Where any interest in land is subject to a mortgage,— Part I

(a) any compensation under this section which is payable in

respect of depreciation of the value of that interest shall be assessed as if the interest were not subject to the mortgage;

(b) a claim for any such compensation may be made by any

mortgagee of the interest, but without prejudice to the making of a claim by the person entitled to the interest;

(c) a mortgagee shall not be entitled to claim any such

compensation in respect of his interest as such; and

(d) the compensation payable in respect of the interest sub-

ject to the mortgage shall be paid by the coast protection authority to the mortgagee or, where there is more than one mortgagee, to the first mortgagee, and shall in either case be applied by him as if it were proceeds of sale.

(5) In this section the expression " interest " includes any estate in or right over land.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland,—

(a) for references to a mortgage, to a mortgagee and to the

first mortgagee there shall be substituted respectively references to a heritable security, to a creditor in a heritable security, and to the creditor whose heritable • security has priority over any other heritable securities secured on the land; and

(b) any reference to land shall include a reference to salmon

fishings.

20.—(1) Where the Minister undertakes to make, or makes. Contributions a grant under the next following section towards expenditure towards incurred under this Act by the council of a county district in expenses England or Wales, the council of the county within which the 2JJ[on county district is situated shall pay to the council of the county p district a contribution towards that expenditure of such amount and payable at such time as may be agreed between the two councils, or as, in default of agreement, may be determined by the Minister subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) The amount determined by the Minister under the last foregoing subsection of a contribution towards any expenditure shall not without the consent of the county council—

(a) exceed the amount of the grant which the Minister has

made, or has undertaken to make, under the next following section towards that expenditure, or

(b) be such that the amount of the contribution, together

with the amount of any other contributions which, by virtue of any agreement or determination made under the last foregoing subsection, the county council have paid or have become liable to pay (whether to the same

1512 Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

1949

Part I county district council or to any other such council) in

—coni. the same financial year, exceeds the product of a rate of

one penny in the pound levied over the whole county:

Provided that in the case of a contribution determined by the Minister to be of a capital nature, paragraph ib) of this subsection shall apply as if the amount thereof were the amount so determined to be the annual amount which would have to be provided for the payment of principal and interest in respect of a loan made by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the council and repayable by twenty equal annual instalments of principal and interest combined, being a loan of an amount equal to the actual amount of the contribution; and where this proviso has effect, then for the purposes of the said paragraph (b) (but not for any other purpose) the council shall be deemed to have become liable as aforesaid to pay, in each of the next nineteen financial years, a contribution of the amount determined as aforesaid.

(3) So much of any contribution as is agreed between the county council and the county district council to be attributable to the protection of any highway for which the council was the highway authority when the relevant expenditure was incurred, or in default of such agreement so much thereof as is determined

* jointly by the Minister and the Minister of Transport to be so attributable, shall be disregarded for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection.

(4) The council of a county in England or Wales may pay such contributions as they think fit towards any expenses incurred by any person other than the council of a county district within the county in respect of coast protection work carried out within the county or appearing to the council to be work for the protection of any land in the county.

(5) The council of a county borough in England or Wales or the council of a burgh in Scotland, not being a coast protection authority or a constituent authority of a coast protection board, may if they think fit defray, or contribute towards, the cost of carrying out any coast protection work which appears to the council to be necessary or expedient for the protection of any land in their area.

(6) A coast protection authority may defray, or contribute towards, the cost of carrying out any coast protection work, whether within or outside their area, which appears to the authority to be necessary or expedient for the protection of any land in their area.

(7) The council of a county in Scotland shall pay towards the expenses incurred under this Act by the council of a small burgh in the county in respect of coast protection work carried out, in whole or in part, for the protection of a road for the maintenance and management of which the council of the county

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1513

are responsible such contributions as may be agreed between the Part l two councils or as, in default of agreement, may be determined by the Minister.

21. —(1) Subject to such conditions as the Treasury may Exchequer determine, the Minister may make grants towards any expendi- grants, ture—

(a) incurred under this Act by a coast protection authority; or

(b) incurred by the council of a county in the carrying out of coast protection work under the enactments relating to highways; or

(c) incurred, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, by the council of a county, county borough or county district in respect of any coast protection work begun since the fourteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-five, being work carried out by that council and approved by the Minister for the purposes of this paragraph, or carried out by some other person under an agreement so approved whereby the council undertook to defray or contribute towards the expenses thereof.

(2) Subject to such conditions as aforesaid the Minister may make grants to the Seaford Urban District Council for the provision of funds for meeting expenditure incurred by the Commissioners for the Newhaven and Seaford Sea Defence Works.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section for the

words " incurred by the council of a county " there shall be substituted the words "incurred by a local highway authority and

(b) in paragraph (c) thereof for the words "county borough

or county district " there shall be substituted the words "or of a burgh 22

22. —(1) The provisions of the Local Government Act, 1933, Power to use as to the disposal and appropriation of land by a local authority, for incidents and those provisions as applied by order under section two 0^ac^Sford this Act, shall have effect in relation to land acquired by a coast t protection authority, whether by agreement or compulsorily, protection, being land falling within paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of

section four of this Act, as the said provisions have effect in relation to land of a local authority which is not required for the purpose for which it was acquired or is being used.

(2) It is hereby declared that any power of the council of a county borough or county district in England or Wales, or the council of a burgh or county in Scotland, under any other enactment to provide concert halls, entertainment rooms, reading

3 D

1514

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part I

—cont.

Power of coast protection authority to sell materials.

Provisions as to arbitrations.

rooms, pavilions, restaurants or other places for the provision of meals or refreshments, bandstands, public conveniences or other buildings on land belonging or let to them, to lay out public parks, pleasure grounds or recreation grounds on such land, or to adapt or use land for any other public purpose, shall be exercisable in relation to any land acquired by them under this Part of this Act for the purpose of carrying out thereon any coast protection work, notwithstanding that the land continues to be required for that purpose or for works constructed in the course of carrying out the work; but the said power shall not be exercised so as to interfere with the use of the land for the said purpose, or with the maintenance or repair of such works, so long as it is required for the said purpose or so long as such works are required to be maintained.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland, subsection

(1) shall have effect as if for the reference to the Local Government Act, 1933, there were substituted a reference to the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, and as if the words "and those provisions as applied by order under section two of this Act " were omitted.

23. —(1) A coast protection authority may sell any materials which have been severed by them from any land when carrying out work in the exercise of powers conferred by this Part of this Act and which are not before the expiration of fourteen days from the date of their severance claimed by the person to whom they belong.

(2) Where a coast protection authority sell any materials under this section, Jhey shall pay the proceeds to the person to whom the materials belonged.

24. —(1) In arbitrations as to any question which under this Part of this Act is expressly required to be determined by arbitration, the reference shall be to the Lands Tribunal.

(2) Rules 2 to 4 of the Rules set out in section two of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, (which provides rules for valuation on a compulsory acquisition) shall apply for the purposes of any such arbitration.

(3) For the purposes of any such arbitration, section five of the said Act of 1919 (which relates to costs) shall have effect with the substitution for the references to the acquiring authority of references to the coast protection authority.

(4) This section shall apply to Scotland with the substitution for the words "the Lands Tribunal " in subsection (1) thereof of the words "the Lands Tribunal for Scotland ":

Provided that until sections one to three of the Lands Tribunal Act, 1949, come into force as respects Scotland the expression " the Lands Tribunal for Scotland " shall be construed as meaning an official arbiter appointed under the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and the following

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74 1515

Act, 1949

provisions of the said Act of 1919 that is to say, section three parti thereof (which relates to procedure), section five thereof (which —com. relates to costs) as modified by sections five and ten of the said Act of 1949, but with the substitution for references to the acquiring authority of references to the coast protection authority, and section six thereof (which relates to the statement of special cases) as modified by section ten of the said Act of 1949, shall apply for the purposes of the arbitration.

25.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any person Powers of authorised by a coast protection authority shall, on producing, entry and if so required, some duly authenticated document showing h inspection, authority, have a right at all reasonable hours—

(a) to enter upon any land on which a power to carry out

work is conferred on the authority by the provisions of this Act other than section four thereof;

(b) to enter upon any land to which entry is reasonably

necessary in order to obtain access to any land on which a power to carry out work is conferred on the authority by any of the provisions of this Act;

(c) for the purpose of determining whether, and if so in

what manner, any functions of the authority under this Act are to be exercised, or whether any provision of any enactment (including this Act) relating to such functions or any notice, order, direction or byelaw served, given or made under any such enactment is being op has been complied with, to enter upon any land and inspect or survey the land;

(d) without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing

paragraph, to enter upon any land in order to estimate, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, the amount of any compensation payable thereunder or the value of any interest in the land.

(2) Section nineteen of this Act shall apply to depreciation and disturbance caused by the exercise of the powers conferred by paragraphs (a) and (b) of the last foregoing subsection as it applies to depreciation and disturbance arising as mentioned in the said section nineteen.

(3) Admission to any land used for residential purposes shall not be demanded as of right under this section unless twenty-four hours' notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(4) If it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace, or in Scotland a justice of the peace or the sheriff, on sworn information in writing—

(a) that admission to any land which any person is entitled to enter under this section has been refused to that person, or that refusal is apprehended, or that the land is unoccupied, or that the occupier is temporarily absent, or that the case is one of urgency; and

3 D 2

1516

Part 1

—co

Power of coast protection authorities to require infor« mation as to ownership of land.

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(b) that there is reasonable ground for entry on the land for the purpose for which entry is required,

the justice or sheriff may by warrant under his hand authorise that person to enter on the land, if need be by force:

Provided that such a warrant shall not be issued, unless the justice or sheriff is satisfied either that notice of the intention to apply for a warrant has been given to the occupier, or that the land is unoccupied, or that the occupier is temporarily absent, or that the case is one of urgency.

(5) Any person entitled to enter upon any land by virtue of any right of entry under this section may take with him such other persons as may be necessary, and on leaving any unoccupied land which he has entered by virtue of such right shall leave it as effectually secured as he found it.

(6) Any power of entry conferred by paragraph (a) or ( of subsection (1) of this section shall include power to authorise the entry or passage of such persons, vehicles, plant and materials as may be necessary, and to authorise the carrying out of work for facilitating their passage.

(7) Every warrant granted under this section shall continue in force until the purpose for which the entry is necessary has been satisfied.

(8) Any person who wilfully obstructs a person exercising a

right conferred by or under this section shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(9) If—

(a) any person who in compliance with the provisions of this Act or of a warrant issued thereunder is admitted into a factory or workplace discloses, otherwise than in the performance of his duty, to any person any information obtained by him in the factory or workplace with regard to any manufacturing process or trade secret; or

(b) any member or officer of a coast protection authority to whom by reason of his official position any information obtained as aforesaid is disclosed, discloses, otherwise than in the performance of his duty, that information to any person;

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

26.—(1) A coast protection authority may, for the purpose of enabling them to perform any of their functions under this Part of this Act, require the occupier of any land, and any person who either directly or indirectly receives rent in respect of any land, to state in writing the nature of his own interest therein and the name and address of any other person known to

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74

Act, 1949

him as having an interest therein, whether as freeholder, mortgagee, owner, creditor in a heritable security, lessee or otherwise.

(2) Any person who having been required by a coast protection authority in pursuance of this section to give to them any information foils to give that information or knowingly makes any misstatement in respect thereof shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

27.—(1) Where, for providing convenient access to land on which any coast protection work has been or is proposed to be carried out, it appears to a coast protection authority necessary to obtain a right of passage over other land, the authority may, by agreement or compulsorily, secure the creation of such a right in their favour either in perpetuity or for such term (whether fixed or determinable by notice) as they consider requisite.

(2) In this section the expression " right of passage" means a right of passage for persons, vehicles, plant and materials, and includes a right to carry out work for facilitating their passage.

(3) The provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts as to the acquisition of land by agreement or compulsorily, the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, and the Lands Tribunal Act, 1949, and the provisions of this Act relating to the acquisition of land, shall with such adaptations, exceptions and modifications as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister apply to securing the creation of such rights as aforesaid as they apply to the acquisition of land.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection, regulations thereunder may provide—

(a) in the case of rights created for a term, for the payment of compensation either in one sum or periodically, or partly in one way and partly in the other;

(fi) for authorising or requiring the coast protection authority to carry out such measures for reinstating the land as may be specified by or under the regulations, and for adjusting compensation accordingly.

(5) A coast protection authority may acquire by agreement, whether by way of purchase, feu, lease or exchange, any land required by them for providing convenient access to land on which any coast protection work has been or is proposed to be carried out, or may purchase any land required by them as aforesaid compulsorily in accordance with the provisions of subsection (1) of section fourteen of this Act.

1517

Part I

— con

Acquisition by coast protection authority of right of passage for facilitating coast protection work.

1518

Part I

—cant.

Power of Minister to facilitate coast protection work.

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland, for any reference to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, there shall be substituted a reference to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947.

28.—(1) Where a person, not being a coast protection authority, desires to carry out any coast protection work in accordance with a works scheme or with a notice served under section twelve of this Act, and the work cannot be carried out by reason of any covenant or other restriction affecting his power to carry out the work, or of the objection, absence or disability of any person whose land it is reasonably necessary to enter for the purpose of carrying it out or across whose land it is reasonably necessary, in order to obtain access to the land on which it is to be carried out, to exercise the like rights as can be created in favour of a coast protection authority under the last foregoing section he may apply to the Minister for an order under this section authorising him to carry out the work or to exercise such rights, as the case may be.

(2) Where a coast protection authority desire to carry out any coast protection work on land belonging to the authority, and the work is work which they are empowered to carry out by section four of this Act but are prevented from canying out by reason of any covenant or other restriction affecting their enjoyment of the land, the authority may apply to the Minister for an order under this section authorising them to carry out the work.

(3) An application under this section shall contain particulars of the proposed work and of any land required to be entered or across which the rights in question are required to be exercised and any such further particulars as the Minister may in any particular case require; and the applicant shall serve notice of the application on any person known to him to be entitled to enforce any such covenant or restriction as aforesaid, and, in the case of an application under subsection (I) of this section, on the occupier of any land required to be entered or across which the rights in question are required to be exercised and on any other person by reason of whose objection the application is made.

(4) Any person on whom notice of an application is served under tins section, may, within four weeks after the service thereof, serve notice of objection on the applicant and on the Minister; and where such notice of objection is served and not withdrawn, the Minister shall give to the objector and the applicant an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose.

(5) At any time after the Minister is satisfied that the time for serving notice of objection to an application under this section

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1519

has expired and that every objector has had an opportunity of Part I

being heard as aforesaid, he may, after considering die report of —com.

any person appointed by him to hear objections, make an order authorising the applicant to carry out the work or enter on the land or exercise the said rights, as the case may be, subject to such conditions, if any, as may be specified in the order; and any such order may require the applicant to pay to any person affected such compensation as may be provided for in the order.

29.—(1) If complaint is made to the Minister that a coast pro- Default tection authority have failed to take sufficient measures for the powers of protection of any land in their area, or he is of the opinion that Minister* an investigation should be made into the need for any such measures or the sufficiency of any measures so taken, he may cause a local inquiry to be held into the matter.

(2) If after a local inquiry has been held under this section the Minister is satisfied that there has been such a failure on the part of a coast protection authority, he may make an order declaring them to be in default and directing them to exercise such of their powers under this Act as may be specified in the order in such manner and within such time as may be so specified.

(3) If the authority declared to be in default by an order made under this section fail to comply with any requirement thereof, the Minister, in lieu of enforcing the order by mandamus or otherwise, may make an order transferring to himself such of the powers of the authority as he thinks fit, or may make an order transferring those powers to the council of the county in which, according to the nature of the default, they ought to be exercised:

Provided that this subsection shall not, as respects anything to be done within the area of a county borough, authorise the transfer to a county council of any powers of a coast protection authority being either the council of the borough or a coast protection board on which the council of the borough is represented.

(4) Where any functions are transferred to a county council under this section—

(a) the expenses incurred by the county council in dis-

charging those functions shall, except in so far as they may be met by any contribution made by the county council, be a debt due from the authority in default to the county council, and shall be defrayed as part of the expenses of that authority under this Act, and the authority shall have the like power of raising the money required as they have of raising money for defraying expenses incurred directly by them;

(b) the county council, for the purpose of the functions

transferred to them, may on behalf of the authority in default borrow money subject to the like conditions.

1520

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part i in the like manner, and on the security of the like

—com. revenues as that authority might have borrowed for the

purpose of those functions;

(c) the county council may charge the said revenues with the payment of the principal and interest of the loan, and the loan, with the interest thereon, shall be paid by the authority in default in like manner, and the charge shall have the like effect, as if the loan were lawfully raised and charged on those revenues by that authority; and

(d) the county council shall keep separate accounts of all receipts and expenditure in respect of the transferred functions.

(5) Where the Minister has transferred any functions to himself under this section, any expenses incurred by him in discharging those functions shall be paid in the first instance by him, but the amount of those expenses as certified by the Minister shall on demand be paid to him by the authority in default and shall be recoverable by him from them, and that authority shall have the like power of raising the money required as they have of raising money for defraying expenses incurred directly by them.

(6) Any order made under subsection (3) of this section may provide for the transfer to the Minister or the county council, as the case may be, of such of the property and liabilities of the authority in default as, in the opinion of the Minister, may be necessary or expedient; and when any such order is revoked the Minister may, either by the revoking order or by a subsequent order, make such provision as appears to him to be desirable as to any property or liabilities held by him or by the county council for the purposes of the functions transferred.

(7) In the application of this section to Scotland, subsection (3) shall have effect as if for the reference to mandamus there were substituted a reference to proceedings under section ninety-one of the Court of Session Act, 1868, and as if for the words from "or may make an order" to the end of the subsection there were substituted the words "or, if the authority declared to be in default are the council of a small burgh within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, may make an order transferring those powers to the council of the county in which the burgh is situated."

Transfer and 30.—(1) An order constituting or dissolving a coast protec-

comg^tion tion board, an order under the last foregoing section transferring suDeraS"’ and or retransferring functions of a coast protection authority, and nuation rights. an agreement setting up or dissolving a joint committee under section three of this Act, shall make such provision (if any) as the Minister may require as to the transfer, compensation and pension rights of officers and servants of the authorities concerned.

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74

Act, 1949

(2) References in the last foregoing subsection to an order constituting a coast protection board and to an agreement setting up a joint committee shall be construed respectively as including references to an order and an agreement varying the constitution of such a board or committee, as the case may be.

(3) In this section the expression " the authorities concerned " means—

ia) in relation to an order constituting a coast protection board or an agreement setting up a joint committee, the constituent or appointing authorities;

(b) in relation to an order or agreement varying the constitution of such a board or committee, the board or committee, the constituent or appointing authorities, and any authority which on the variation taking effect will be one of the constituent or appointing authorities;

(c) in relation to an order or agreement dissolving such a board or committee, the board or committee and the constituent or appointing authorities;

(d) in relation to an order under the last foregoing section, the coast protection authority and, where the order transfers or retransfers functions to or from a county council, that council.

31.—(1) If it appears to the Minister that any provision of a local Act in force at the commencement of this Act is inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Part of this Act, or is no longer required, or requires to be amended, having regard to the powers and duties conferred and imposed by this Part, he may by order repeal or amend that provision as he may consider appropriate; and any order under this section may contain such incidental, consequential or supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister expedient for the purposes of the order.

(2) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to orders made under this section:

Provided that the provisions of Part II of that Schedule shall not apply so as to make an order under this section subject to special parliamentary procedure by reason of any objection thereto if—

(a) the order, or so much of the order as is the subject of

the objection, relates only to the constitution or functions of any sea defence commissioners, or provides for the dissolution of any such commissioners; and

(b) the order is made on the application of the commissioners, or on the application of a coast protection authority with the concurrence of the commissioners.

3 D*

1521

Part I

—cont.

Repeal or amendment of local Acts

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

1949

(3) Any order under this section made after the expiration of two years from the passing of this Act shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(4) The power to make orders conferred by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

Application to 32.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, this Part of the Crown. this Act shall be binding on the Crown and shall apply in relation to any Crown land as it applies in relation to any other land.

(2) Except with the consent of the appropriate authority, no interest in Crown land shall be acquired by compulsory purchase under this Part of this Act.

(3) Except with the consent of the appropriate authority, nothing in this Part of this Act shall operate so as to require the Crown or that authority to pay any coast protection charge in respect of any land, or authorise any person to enter upon any Crown land.

(4) An order under section eighteen of this Act shall not bind the Crown if the order has effect without being confirmed by the Minister.

(5) In this section the expression " Crown land" means land an interest in which belongs to His Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or to the Duchy of Cornwall, or land an interest in which belongs to a government department or is held in trust for His Majesty for the purposes of a government department; and the expression "the appropriate authority " in relation to any land means—

(a) in the case of land belonging to His Majesty in right of

the Crown, the Commissioners of Crown Lands or other government department having the management of that land;

(b) in the case of land belonging to His Majesty in right

of the Duchy of Lancaster, the Chancellor of the Duchy;

(c) in the case of land belonging to the Duchy of

Cornwall, such person as the Duke of Cornwall, or the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, appoints; and

(d) in the case of land belonging to a government depart-

ment or held in trust for His Majesty for the purposes of a government department, the Minister in charge of that department;

and, if any question arises as to the authority which is the appropriate authority in relation to any land, die question shall be determined by the Treasury.

1522

Part I —cont.

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1523

33.—(1) Where under the foregoing provisions of this Part Part I of this Act any coast protection charge or instalment of such —cont. a charge, or any cost recoverable under subsection (1) of section ProviMons as thirteen of this Act, is payable or recoverable in respect of land [°g to ^1?" belonging to an ecclesiastical corporation, the Church astical corpor-Commissioners may— ations.

(a) apply any moneys or securities held by them for the corporation in discharging the whole or any part of the sums payable or recoverable;

(b) if the land belongs to a benefice, make grants out of their corporate funds in or towards the discharge of any such sum, or make a loan in or towards the discharge thereof as if the discharge thereof were included in the purposes for which such a loan can be made under die provisions of the Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776, and the Acts or Measures amending that Act.

(2) In this section the expression " ecclesiastical corporation" means any ecclesiastical corporation within the meaning of the Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851, and includes the incumbent of a benefice; and the expression "benefice" has the meaning assigned to it by section forty-seven of the Tithe

Act, 1936.

Part II

Provisions for Safety of Navigation

34.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following Restriction section, no person shall without the consent in writing of the of works Minister of Transport carry out any of the following operations, detrimental_to that is to say,— navigation.

(a) construct, alter or improve any works on, under or over any part of the seashore lying below high water mark of ordinary spring tides,

(b) deposit any object or any materials on any such part of the seashore as aforesaid, or

(c) remove any object or any materials from any part of the seashore lying below low water mark of ordinary spring tides,

so that obstruction or danger to navigation is caused or is likely to result.

(2) The said Minister may, as a condition of considering an application for consent under this section, require to be furnished with such plans and particulars of the proposed operation as he may consider necessary; and on receipt of any such application he may cause notice of the application, and of the

3 d* 2

1524

Part II

—cont.

Operations

excepted from restriction imposed by subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, *• that is to say—

(a) anything done on, under or over a part of the seashore

lying within any area closed by a lock or other artificial means against the regular action of the tide;

(b) the carrying out of any coast protection work approved by the Minister as mentioned in the next following subsection;

(c) the carrying out of any dredging operations (includ-

ing the deposit of dredged materials) authorised by any local Act in accordance with the provisions thereof;

(d) the construction, alteration or improvement of any works more than fifty feet below the surface in connection with the getting of minerals;

(e) any work to which the consent of the Admiralty, either alone or jointly with any other government department, is required by virtue of any local Act, or by virtue of such Act and any notice given and published by the Admiralty under section nine of the Harbours Transfer Act, 1862;

(/) any work which a conservancy authority or a harbour authority or a navigation authority is empowered to

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act; 1949

time within which and the manner in which objections thereto may be made, to be published in such manner as he may consider appropriate for informing persons affected thereby, and, before granting his consent, may, if he thinks fit, direct a local inquiry to be held.

(3) If the Minister of Transport is of opinion that any operation in respect of which application is made to him under this section will cause or is likely to result in obstruction or danger to navigation, he shall either refuse his consent or give his consent subject to such conditions as he may think fit, having regard to the nature and extent of the obstruction or danger which it appears to him would otherwise be caused or be likely to result.

(4) A consent of the Minister of Transport under this subsection may be given so as to continue in force, unless renewed, only if the operation for which the consent is given is begun or completed within such period as may be specified in the consent; and any renewal of such a consent may be limited in the like manner.

(5) The Public Harbours Act, 1806 (which, as amended by section fifteen of the Harbours Transfer Act, 1862, and other enactments, prohibits the erection of certain works in public harbours without notice to the Minister of Transport) shall cease to have effect.

35.—(1) The following operations shall be excepted from the

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1525

carry out for the removal of any vessel sunk or stranded Part ll

or of anything causing or likely to cause obstruction —com.

or danger to navigation;

(#) any work carried out by, or in accordance with a licence or permission granted by, such an authority in pursuance of any Act, where—

v (i) the Act requires that if the approval of the Minister of Transport is not previously obtained to the work other conditions must be complied with, and

(ii) the said approval has been so obtained or the said conditions are complied with.

(2) For the purposes of paragraph ( of the last foregoing subsection, any coast protection work shall be deemed to have been approved by the Minister—

(a) if an objection to the proposal to carry out the work was determined under the provisions of Part I of this Act and the work does not contravene any directions given or modifications or conditions imposed by the Minister under those provisions, or if the work is carried out in accordance with a works scheme;

(b) if the Minister has made, or agreed to make, a grant under the said Part I towards expenditure incurred or to be incurred in carrying out the work or has consented to the borrowing of money by a coast protection authority for the purpose of defraying or contributing to expenditure so incurred or to be incurred.

36.—(1) Any person who— Enforcement

(a) carries out any operation in contravention of the pro- ofs* 34'

visions of subsection (1) of section thirty-four of this Act, or

(b) fails to comply with any condition subject to which any

consent of the Minister of Transport has been given under that section,

shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(2) Without prejudice to any proceedings under the last foregoing subsection, where any person has constructed, altered or improved any works or deposited any object or materials on the seashore in contravention of the said section thirty-four or has failed to comply with any condition subject to which any consent of the Minister of Transport has been given under that section, the said Minister may serve a notice on that person requiring him, within such period (not being less than thirty days) as may be specified in the notice, to remove the works or to make such alterations therein as may be so specified or to remove the object or materials, as the case may be, or, if it

1526

Part II

—cent.

Management of Crown foreshore transferred from Minister of Trans* port to Commissioners of Crown Lands.

Powers of management of Commissioners.

Ch. 74 , Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

appears to the said Minister urgently necessary so to do, may himself remove or alter the works or remove the object or materials.

(3) If within the period specified in any notice under the last foregoing subsection the person upon whom the notice is served fails to comply therewith, the said Minister may himself remove or alter the works or remove the object or materials as specified in the notice.

(4) Where under either of the two last foregoing subsections the said Minister himself removes or alters any works or removes any object or materials, he shall be entitled to recover the expense thereof, as certified by him, from the person by whom the works were constructed, altered or improved, or the object or materials was or were deposited.

(5) A harbour authority in England or Wales shall have power to enforce the provisions of section thirty-four of this Act.

Part III

Management of Crown Foreshore

37. So much of the Crown foreshore as immediately before the appointed day was under the management of the Minister of Transport is, as from the appointed day, hereby transferred to the management of the Commissioners of Crown Lands. 38

38. —(1) The enactments relating to the Commissioners of Crown Lands shall apply to the management of foreshore the management whereof is transferred to them by the last foregoing section, and to the application of moneys received by those Commissioners in the management thereof, as those enactments apply to the management of foreshore which was under the management of those Commissioners immediately before the appointed day and to the application of moneys received in the management of such foreshore.

(2) All property, rights and liabilities held or enjoyed by or incumbent on the Minister of Transport immediately before the appointed day in connection with the management of foreshore the management of which is transferred to the said Commissioners by the last foregoing section shall on the appointed day be transferred to the said Commissioners.

(3) Anything commenced by or under the authority of the Minister of Transport before the appointed day, so far as it relates to the management of foreshore the management of which is transferred to the said Commissioners by the last foregoing section, may on and after the appointed day be carried on and completed by the said Commissioners.

(4) In any instrument, contract or legal proceedings made or commenced before the appointed day the said Commissioners

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1527

shall be substituted, in relation to the management of foreshore the management of which is transferred to them by the last foregoing section, for the Minister of Transport.

39.—(1) The provisions of the Crown Lands Act, 1866, and of the Crown Lands Act, 1906, specified in the Third Schedule to this Act shall cease to have effect on the appointed day.

(2) Section twenty-two of the said Act of 1866 (which confers on persons interested in certain mines and quarries power, on giving notice, to make use of the foreshore in order to carry out certain operations) shall as from the appointed day be amended by the substitution—

(a) for the words "under the management of the Board of

Trade," of the words "the management of which was transferred to the Commissioners of Crown Lands by the Coast Protection Act, 1949 ";

(b) for the words "to the Board of Trade," of the words

" to the Commissioners of Crown Lands."

(3) Any notice given under the said section twenty-two before the appointed day shall thereafter have effect as if it had also been given to the Commissioners of Crown Lands.

46.—(1) In this Part of this Act:—

the expression " the appointed day" means such date as the Minister of Transport may by order appoint;

the expression " Crown foreshore" means so much of the bed and shore of the sea as belongs to His Majesty in right of the Crown, and includes any right or interest in Crown foreshore.

(2) The power conferred by the last foregoing subsection to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument

Part IV Supplementary

41. —(1) Save as expressly provided in this Act, any expenses incurred by the Minister or by the Minister of Transport or any other Minister or government department under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(2) Any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under Parts I and II of the Local Government Act, 1948, shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

42. —(1) The following authorities, that is to say—

(a) the council of every borough in England or Wales having

functions under this Act,

(b) every coast protection board, and

Part III -conf.

Repeals and amendments consequential on Part m.

Interpretation of Part III.

Expenses.

Accounts of borough councils, coast protection boards and joint committees.

1528

Part IV

—cont.

Penalties for offences.

Regulations and orders.

Service of notices and other

documents.

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(c) every joint committee appointed under subsection (1) of section three of this Act, not being a committee in whose case all the appointing authorities are authorities in Scotland,

shall keep accounts of the sums received and expended by them in the exercise of functions under this Act, and those accounts shall be made up and audited in like manner as the accounts of a council specified in section two hundred and nineteen of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which provides for district audit) and, in the case of a borough council, shall be kept separately from their other accounts.

(2) The enactments relating to the audit of accounts by a district auditor and to the matters incidental to such audit and consequential thereon shall have effect in relation to the accounts required to be kept under this section as they have effect in relation to the accounts of the councils specified in the said section two hundred* and nineteen.

43. Save as hereinbefore expressly provided, any person committing an offence under any provision of this Act shall be liable on summary conviction, in the case of a first offence under that provision, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds and, in the case of a second or any subsequent offence thereunder, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

44. —(1) Any power conferred on the Minister by this Act to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and every such instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(2) Any power conferred by this Act on the Minister or on Ministers or on a coast protection authority to make an order or give any directions shall include a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions, to revoke or vary the order or directions.

45. —(1) Any notice or other document which is required or authorised by or under this Act to be served on any person may be served either—

(a) by delivering it to that person, or leaving it or send-

ing it in a prepaid letter to him at his usual or last-known address; or

(b) in the case of the council of a county, county borough, county district or burgh, or an incorporated company or body, or a coast protection board, river board or other drainage authority, fishery board, local fisheries committee, conservancy authority, highway authority, navigation authority, harbour authority or sea defence commissioners, not being an incorporated body, by

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1529

delivering it to their clerk or secretary at their registered or principal office, or by sending it in a prepaid letter addressed to him at that office; or

(c) in the case of a notice or document to be served on an/ person as having any interest in land, if it is not practicable after reasonable inquiry to ascertain his name and address, by addressing it to him by the description of the person having that interest in the land (naming it), and delivering it to some responsible person on the land or affixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous object on the land.

(2) The provisions of this section shall not apply to the service of any notice required or authorised to be served under the First Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, or the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947, as applied by or under this Act to the compulsory purchase of land by a coast protection authority or to the creation of such rights as are mentioned in section twenty-seven of this Act.

46.—(1) The Minister or the Minister of Transport may cause a local inquiry to be held in any case where it appears to him to be advisable to do so in connection with any matter arising under this Act.

(2) Notice of any such inquiry shall be given in such manner as the Minister, or the Minister of Transport, as the case may be, may direct, and all persons interested shall be permitted to attend (he inquiry and to be heard thereat.

(3) The provisions of subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relate to evidence at local inquiries and to defraying the costs thereof) shall apply to all inquiries held under this Act:

Provided that subsection (4) of that section (which requires the Minister’s costs of such an inquiry to be defrayed by the parties thereto) shall not apply in relation to any inquiry unless it is so directed by the Minister or Ministers at whose instance the inquiry is held.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, there shall be substituted for any reference to subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933, a reference to subsection (2) and subsections (4) to (9) of section three hundred and fifty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, and the proviso to subsection (3) of this section shall be omitted.

(5) Any inquiry in relation to an order under this Act affecting Scotland only, and which becomes in certain circumstances subject to special parliamentary procedure, shall, if the Minister

Part IV

—cont.

Local

inquiries.

1530

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part IV

—cont.

Savings.

Repeals.

or the Minister of Transport so directs, be held by Commissioners under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936, and where any direction is so given—

(a) it shall be deemed to have been given under section two,

as read with section ten, of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945;

(b) if publication of notice in accordance with paragraph 1

of the First Schedule to this Act or paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule thereto, as the case may be, has been made, the provisions, of subsection (1) of the aforesaid section two with regard to advertisement of notice shall be deemed to have been complied with; and

(c) the provisions of subsection (3) of this section shall not

apply to such inquiry.

47. Nothing in this Act or in any order made thereunder shall—

(a) affect the powers conferred on the Admiralty under the Dockyard Ports Regulation Act, 1865;

(b) affect any powers or duties of the Postmaster-General

under the provisions of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1943;

(c) authorise or require any person—

(i) to cany out any work of alteration, improvement, repair, maintenance, demolition or removal on any works constructed or maintainable by a river board or other drainage authority, or

(ii) to carry out any work on land on which the sowing or planting of vegetation is carried out or vegetation is maintained by a river board or other drainage authority,

unless the board or authority consents or the work is to be done by, or under a scheme prepared by, a coast protection board on which the board or authority is represented and is to be carried out in the area of that coast protection board; id) authorise or require any person to carry out any work or do anything in contravention of the Ancient Monuments Acts, 1913 and 1931; or

(e) authorise or require any person to carry out any work of alteration, improvement, repair, maintenance, demolition or removal on any works constructed for the drainage of agricultural land in Scotland, unless the Secretary of State consents.

48. The enactments specified in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule, but as respects any enactment so specified which is contained in the Crown Lands Act, 1866, or the

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1531

Crown Lands Act, 1906, only as from the appointed day for the Part IV purposes of Part III of this Act. —cont.

49,—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise Interpretation, requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

"catchment board" and "drainage authority" have the same meanings as in the Land Drainage Act, 1930;

" coast protection authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

" coast protection charge " has the meaning assigned to it by section six of this Act;

"coast protection work" means any work of construction, alteration, improvement, repair, maintenance, demolition or removal for the purpose of the protection of any land, and includes the sowing or planting of vegetation for the said purpose;

" conservancy authority " and " harbour authority " have the same meanings as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894;

" constituent authority," in relation to a coast protection board, means a body or person represented on the board by virtue of an order made under section two of this Act;

" fishery board" means any such fishery board as is referred to in section forty-four of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923, and includes the Tweed Commissioners;

" functions " includes powers and duties;

" land " includes land covered by water;

" local Act " includes a provisional order confirmed by Parliament and also includes any enactment in a public general Act, being an enactment which amends a local Act;

" local fisheries committee" means a committee constituted under the Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888;

"local highway authority" means a highway authority other than the Minister of Transport;

"maritime county borough or county district" means a county borough or county district any part of which adjoins the sea;

" materials " includes minerals and turf, but does not include seaweed;

"minerals" includes coal and stone and any metallic or other mineral substance;

1532

Part IV

—corn.

20 & 21 Vict, c. cxlviii.

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

" Minister" means the Minister of Health;

" mortgage " includes any charge or lien for securing money or money’s worth, and " mortgagee " shall be construed accordingly;

" navigation authority" means any person or body of persons having powers under any enactment or statutory order to work or maintain a canal or other inland navigation, including a navigation in tidal water;

" owner " in relation to any land means the person for the time being receiving the rackrent thereof, whether on his own account or as agent or trustee for any other person, or who would so receive that rent if the land were let at a rackrent;

" protection" means protection against erosion or encroachment by the sea;

" river board " has the same meaning as in the River Boards Act, 1948;

subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, " sea " includes the waters of any channel, creek, bay or estuary and of any river so far up that river as the tide flows;

" sea defence commissioners" means a body established by or under a local Act wholly or mainly for the purpose of carrying out coast protection work;

subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, " seashore" means the bed and shore of the sea, and of every channel, creek, bay or estuary, and of every river as far up that river as die tide flows, and any cliff, bank, barrier, dune, beach, flat or other land adjacent to the shore;

" surface," in relation to land covered by water, means the surface of the land;

" Tweed Commissioners" means the Commissioners appointed under the Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857;

" works scheme " has the meaning assigned to it by section six of this Act.

(2) For the purposes of Part I of this Act the expression " sea " shall not include any of the waters specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act and the expression " seashore " shall not include the bed or shore of any of those waters.

(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment including this Act.

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1533

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the Part IV

definitions of the expressions "fishery board", "maritime —com.

county borough or county district ", " Minister " and " owner " there shall be substituted respectively the following definitions : —

" ‘ fishery board ’ means the district board for a fishery district within the meaning of the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862, and includes the Tweed Commissioners ";

" ‘ maritime burgh or county means a burgh or county any part of which adjoins the sea ";

" Minister means the Secretary of State and

" ‘ owner includes in relation to any land any person who under the Lands Clauses Acts would be enabled to sell and convey the land to the promoters of an undertaking

and after the definition of the expression "functions" there shall be inserted the following definition: —

" ‘ heritable security ’ has the same meaning as in the Con-' veyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924, and includes a security constituted by ex facie absolute disposition, but does not include a security by way of ground annual or a real burden ad factum praestandum ".

50.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Coast Protection Act, Short title 1949. and extent.

(2) Parts I and II of this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Sections 2, 8

and 31.

Procedure for making Orders and Provisions as to the validity

of Orders

Part I

General Provisions

1. Before making an order the Minister shall prepare a draft order and shall cause notice of the intention to make the order and of the place where copies of the draft order may be inspected, and of the time (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which, and the manner in which, objections to the draft order may be made, to be published in the London Gazette and in such other manner as he may think best adapted for informing persons affected, and to be served;—

(a) on the council of every county, county borough or county district wholly or partly included in the area affected by the order;

le

1534

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 &13 Geo. 6

1st Sch. —cant.

(b) on any sea defence commissioners, coast protection board, river board or other drainage authority, harbour authority, fishery board, local fisheries committee, conservancy authority or navigation authority known to the Minister to be exercising jurisdiction within that area;

(c) on any local highway authority known to him to be responsible

for the maintenance of any highway in the area; and

(d) on the British Transport Commission, if the area contains any railway, canal or inland navigation vested in that Commission.

2. —Before making an order the Minister shall consider any objections which may be duly made to the draft order and may in any case cause a local inquiry to be held with respect to any objections to the draft order.

3. —(1) In the case of an order which by virtue of the provisions of this Act is required to be made jointly by the Ministers concerned, references in the foregoing paragraphs to the Minister shall be construed as references to the Ministers concerned.

(2) Where, in the case of an order not falling within the last foregoing sub-paragraph, objection to the draft order is duly made by a body mentioned in paragraphs (b) to (d) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the last foregoing paragraph shall have effect as if it required the objection to be considered, and authorised a local inquiry to be promoted, by the Ministers concerned instead of by the Minister.

4. In this Part of this Schedule the expression " the area affected by the order "—

(a) in the case of an order providing for the constitution of a coast

protection board, means the area for which the board will be the coast protection authority;

(b) in the case of an order varying the constitution of a coast protection board, but not altering the area for which the board is the coast protection authority, means that area;

(c) in the case of an order altering the area of a coast protection

board, means that area and any other area proposed by the order to be included in the area of the board; and

(d) in the case of an order repealing or amending any provision of

a local Act, means any area in relation to which any power or duty conferred or imposed by that provision is exercisable;

and the expression " the Ministers concerned " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (8) of section two of this Act and the power of determination conferred on the Treasury by that subsection shall apply accordingly.

Part II

Certain Orders to be subject to Special Parliamentary Procedure

5. After an order has been made, the Minister shall, if an objection has been made under Part I of this Schedule by any body on whom notice is required to be served under that Part and has not been withdrawn, give notice of the making of the order and the effect

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74

Act, 1949

thereof to every such body who have made such an objection which has not been withdrawn, and in that case the order shall not have effect before the expiration of twenty-eight days from the date of the said notice; and if within that period any such body give notice to the Minister that they object to the order and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

Part HI

Provisions with respect to the validity of Orders not confirmed by Parliament

6. After the making of an order the Minister shall publish in the London Gazette, and in such other manner as he thinks best adapted for informing persons affected, a notice stating that the order has been made, and naming a place where a copy thereof may be seen at all reasonable hours:

Provided that in the case of an order to which Part II of this Schedule applies the said notice shall not be published until the expiration of the period of twenty-eight days referred to in that Part, and the notice shall state whether or not the order is to be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

7. If any person aggrieved by an order desires to question its validity on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act or that any requirement of this Act has not been complied with, he may, within six weeks after the date of the first publication of the said notice, make an application for the purpose to the High Court, and if any such application is duly made the court, if satisfied that the order is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act not having been complied with, may quash the order either generally or in so far as it affects the applicant; but except as aforesaid the order shall not at any time be questioned by prohibition or certiorari or in any proceedings whatsoever:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to an order which is confirmed by Act of Parliament under section six of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, and shall have effect in relation to any other order which is subject to special parliamentary procedure by virtue of Part II of this Schedule as if for the reference to the date of the publication of the notice there were substituted a reference to the date on which the order becomes operative under the said Act

Part IV Application to Scotland

8. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland—

(a) for references to the High Court there shall be substituted references to the Court of Session;

(b) for references to the London Gazette and to a county borough or county district there shall be substituted respectively references to the Edinburgh Gazette and to a burgh; and

1535

1st Sch. —cont.

1536

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

(c) for sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 3 there shall be substituted

the following sub-paragraph—

" (2) Where, in the case of an order not falling within the last foregoing sub-paragraph, objection to the draft order is duly made by a conservancy authority or a navigation authority or by a harbour authority, other than the authority for a harbour principally used by the fishing industry, or by a body mentioned in paragraph (c) or (d) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the last foregoing paragraph shall have effect as if it required the objection to be considered, and authorised a local inquiry to be promoted, by the Minister and the Minister of Transport, instead of by the Minister; " and

(d) for the words 44 section six of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945 ", there shall be substituted the words 44 subsection (4) of section two, as read with section ten, of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, or under section six of that Act

SECOND SCHEDULE

Provisions as to Orders restricting Excavation of Materials from the Seashore

Part I

General Provisions

Before making an order under section eighteen of this Act, the coast protection authority shall prepare a draft order and shall cause notice of their intention to make the order, and of the place where copies of the draft order may be inspected at all reasonable hours, and of the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to the draft order may be made, to be published, in two successive weeks, in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the locality.

2. Where the coast protection authority cause notice to be published under the foregoing paragraph, they shall serve a like notice on any catchment board, external drainage board, conservancy authority, harbour authority, navigation authority or river board whose area comprises land to which the draft order relates.

3. In this Schedule the expression 44 external drainage board" means a drainage board whose area, or any part of whose area, is not comprised in the area of any catchment board and is not for the time being comprised in the area of any river board.

4. If no objection is duly made, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Minister, on being satisfied that the proper notices have been published, may confirm the order with or without modifications.

1st Sch. —cont.

Section 18.

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74

Act, 1949

5. —(1) If an objection duly made is not withdrawn, the Minister shall, before the order is confirmed, either cause a local inquiry to be held or afford to any person by whom objection has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose.

(2) Where the objection is made by any such body as is mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, references in the last foregoing sub-paragraph to the Minister shall be construed—

(a) in the case of an objection made by a catchment board,

external drainage board or river board, or by the harbour authority for a harbour to which the Fishery Harbours Act, 1915, applies, as references to the Minister and the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, and

(b) in the case of an objection made by any other harbour

authority, or by a conservancy authority or navigation authority, as references to the Minister ana the Minister of Transport.

6. If any person by whom an objection has been made avails himself of the opportunity of being heard, the Minister or Ministers concerned shall afford to the coast protection authority, and to any other persons to whom it appears to him or them expedient to afford it, an opportunity of being heard on the same occasion.

7. If objection is duly made—

(a) by any person on the ground that th£ order would interfere

with the exercise of his functions under any enactment other than this Act, or

(b) by any person having an interest, right or privilege conferred

on him by any local or private Act, on the ground that any such interest, right or privilege of his specified in the objection would be affected by the order,

and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

8. Subject to the last foregoing paragraph, the Minister may confirm the order with or without modifications as he may think fit having regard to the determination of any objections and to the report of any person appointed to hold an inquiry or to hear objections.

9. As soon as may be after the order has been confirmed the coast protection authority shall publish in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the locality a notice stating that the order has been confirmed and naming a place where a copy thereof as confirmed may be inspected at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice on any board or authority on whom a notice was required to be served by paragraph 2 of this Schedule. 10

10. If any person aggrieved by the order desires to question its validity on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act or that any requirement of this Act has not been complied with, he may, within six weeks after the date on which notice of the confirmation

1537

2nd Sch. —cont.

1538

Ch. 74

Coast Protection '

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

2nd Sch. of the order is published in accordance with the last foregoing

—cent. paragraph, make an application for the purpose to the High Court;

and if any such application is duly made the court, if satisfied that the order is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act not having been complied with, may quash the order either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant; but except as aforesaid the order shall not at any time be questioned by prohibition or certiorari or in any proceedings whatsoever:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to an order which is confirmed by Act of Parliament under section six of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, and shall have effect in relation to any other order which is subject to special parliamentary procedure by virtue of paragraph 7 of this Schedule as if for the reference to the date of the publication of the notice there were substituted a reference to the date on which the order becomes operative under the said Act

Part n

Interim Orders

11. Where it appears to a coast protection authority that by reason of emergency it is urgently necessary for the protection of any land that an order should be made applying the provisions of section eighteen of this Act to any portion of the seashore in their area or lying to seaward therefrom, the authority may make an interim order applying those provisions accordingly.

12. As soon as maybe after the making of an interim order under the last foregoing paragraph the authority shall in two successive weeks publish in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the locality a notice stating that the order has been made, and naming a place where a copy thereof may be inspected at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice on any catchment board, external drainage board, conservancy authority, harbour authority, navigation authority or river board whose area comprises land to which the interim order relates.

13. Any person who objects to an interim order may serve notice of objection on the Minister and on the authority by whom the order was made; and the Minister, after holding a local inquiry or affording to the objector and the authority and any other persons appearing to him to be concerned an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose, may, if he thinks fit, revoke the order.

14. Subject to the last foregoing paragraph an interim order shall remain in force until the expiration of a period of six months after the making thereof and no longer:

Provided that if before the expiration of that period an order under section eighteen of this Act is made and confirmed in accordance with Part I of this Schedule with respect to the portion of the seashore to which the interim order applies, the interim order shall cease to have effect on the coming into operation of that order.

15. The provisions of paragraph 10 of this Schedule, other than the proviso to that paragraph, shall apply to an interim order as they apply

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1539

to an order made in accordance with Part I of this Schedule, with the 2nd Sch. substitution of a reference to the date of the first publication of the —corn.

notice under paragraph 12 of this Schedule for the reference to the date of publication of the notice of the confirmation of the order.*

Part EU Application to Scotland

16. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland—

(a) for references to the High Court and to the London Gazette

there shall be substituted respectively references to the Court of Session and to the Edinburgh Gazette;

(b) for sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 5 there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph-—

"(2) Where the objection is made by a conservancy authority or a navigation authority or by a harbour authority, other than the authority for a harbour principally used by the fishing industry, any reference in the foregoing sub-paragraph to the Minister shall be construed as references to the Minister and the Minister of Transport; " and

(c) for the words "section six of the Statutory Orders (Special

Procedure) Act, 1945 ", there shall be substituted the words "subsection (4) of section two, as read with section ten, of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, or under section six of that Act

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 48.

Enactments Repealed

session ana Chapter Short title Extent of Repeal

46 Geo. 3. c. 153 The Public Harbours Act, 1806. The whole Act.

25 & 26 Vict, c. 69. The Harbours Transfer Act, 1862. Section fifteen.

29 & 30 Vict, c. 62. The Crown Lands Act, 1866. Sections seven to fifteen; sections seventeen to twenty-one.

6 Edw. 7. c. 28 The Crown Lands Act, 1906. Section two; in section three, in subsection (1) the words "the Board of Trade" and "the Board of Trade or" and in subsection (2) the words "the Board of Trade or "; in section ten the words "the Board of Trade".

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 39. The Coast Protection Act, 1939. The whole Act.

1540

Section 48.

Ch. 74 Coast Protection 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Waters excluded for purposes of definitions of "Sea* and

" Seashore "

1. The River Tweed, above a line drawn from the north end of Spittal Point to the seaward end of the Harbour Breakwater.

2. The River Ain, above the bridge carrying the road from Alnmouth to Alnmouth railway station.

3. The River Coquet, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the north breakwater to the seaward end of the south breakwater at Amble.

4. The River Wansbeck, above the ferry between Cambois and North Seaton.

5. The River Blyth (Northumberland), above a line drawn from the seaward end of the eastern pier to the seaward end of the western pier at the harbour entrance.

6. The River Tyne, above a line drawn across the Narrows from Lloyd’s Hailing Station to the Commissioners’ Staiths.

7. The River Wear, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the Roker Pier to the seaward end of the South West Breakwater Pier.

8. The River Tees, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the North Gare breakwater to the seaward end of the South Gare break* water.

9. The River Esk (Yorkshire), above a line drawn from the seaward end of the West Pier to the seaward end of the East Pier at Whitby.

10. The River Humber, above a line drawn from Hawkins Point to the point where the north-western boundary of the Borough of Cleethorpes crosses high water mark of ordinary spring tides.

11. The Wash, south-west of a line drawn through the point where the northern boundary of the parish of Wainfleet Saint Mary in the County of Lincoln, Parts of Lindsey, crosses high water mark of ordinary spring tides and the north comer of Beach House in the parish of Snettisham in the rural district of Docking.

12. The River Yare above a line drawn between the seaward ends of the piers at the entrance to the Haven at Great Yarmouth.

13. Oulton Broad and Lake Lothing, above a line drawn between the seaward end of the old north pier and the seaward end of the south pier at Lowestoft.

14. The River Blyth (Suffolk), above the seaward end of the northern breakwater and the seaward end of the southern breakwater at the Harbour, Walberswick.

15. The River Aide, above Slaughden Ferry.

16. The River Deben, above a line drawn due east from the ferry quay at Felixstowe Ferry.

17. The Rivers Orwell and Stour, above the ferry between Felixstowe Pier and Harwich Landing Stage.

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74

Act, 1949

18. The River Colne, above a line drawn between St. Osyth Point and Mersea Point

19. The River Blackwater, above Longitude 0° 55' East.

20. The Rivers Crouch and Roach, above Longitude 0° 47' East.

21. The River Thames, above a line drawn from the London Stone, North Level, Isle of Grain, to the westernmost point of the boundary of the County Borough of Southend.

22. The River Medway, above a line drawn from the fixed green navigation light at the extreme north-west corner of Queenborough Railway Pier to Horseshoe Point, Isle of Grain.

23. The River Swale, above the Harty Ferry.

24. The River Stour (Kent), above the confluence of Stonar Cut and Flagstaff Reach.

25. The River Rother, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the eastern breakwater to the seaward end of the western breakwater.

26. The River Cuckmere, above the point where it passes through the sea wall between the cliff near the Coastguard Station and Cliff End.

27. The River Ouse (Sussex), above a line drawn from the seaward end of the western breakwater to the seaward end of the eastern pier at Newhaven Harbour.

28. The River Adur, above the Old Shoreham Bridge.

29. The River Arun, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the eastern pier to the seaward end of the western pier at Littlehampton.

30. Chichester Harbour, above Latitude 50° 47' 30* North.

31. Langstone Harbour, above Latitude 50° 47' 30* North.

32. Portsmouth Harbour, above the Ferry at Portsmouth Harbour Station.

33. Southampton Water, north of Latitude 50° 50' North.

34. The Beaulieu River, above Latitude 50° 47' 30* North.

35. The Lymington River, above the railway bridge south-west of Lymington Station.

36. The River Yar (Eastern), above the road bridge on the Toll Road at the west end of Brading Harbour in the Isle of Wight.

37. The River Medina, above the Medina Road Ferry in the Isle of Wight

38. The River Yar (Western), above the road bridge between Yarmouth and Totland in the Isle of Wight.

39. The River Stour (Hampshire), above a line drawn due west from Grimbury Point.

40. The River Wey, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the north pier to the seaward end of the south pier at the mouth of the river.

1541

4th Sch.

—cont.

1542

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

4th Sch. 41. The River Brit, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the —cont. west pier to the seaward end of the east pier at the harbour entrance.

42. The River Axe, above the Axmouth Bridge.

43. The River Sid, above the Alma Bridge.

44. The River Otter, above the road bridge south of" The Warren ".

45. The River Exe, above a line drawn due west from the westernmost end of The Point, Exmouth.

46. The River Teign, above the road bridge at the west end of "The Salty".

47. The River Dart, above a line drawn from the Kingswear Station ferry landing stage to the ferry pier at Dartmouth.

48. Salcombe Harbour, above the ferry between Salcombe and East Postlemouth.

49. The River Avon (Devon), above the ferry nearest to the sea at Bantham.

50. The River Erme, above the ford near Efford House.

51. The River Yealm, above the ferry at Warren Point.

52. Plymouth Sound. The Hamoaze, above the Cremyll Ferry. The Cattewater, above the ferry between Phoenix Wharf and Mount Batten landing stage.

53. The River Fowey, above the ferry between Fowey and Polruan.

54. The River Porthcuel, above a line drawn east from Polvarth Point.

55. The River Fal, above a line between Pill Point and Turnawdre Point.

56. Restronguet Creek, above the ferry near Restronguet Point.

57. The River Penryn, above the easternmost ferry between Falmouth and Flushing.

58. The River Helford, above the ferry at Helford.

59. The River Camel, above Longitude 4° 54' West.

60. The River Torridge, above the ferry between Appledore and the quay at Instow.

61. The River Taw, above a line drawn due north from Penhill Point.

62. The River Parrett, above a line drawn due west from Island Farm Point.

63. The River Broe, above Longitude 2° 59' 45' West

64. The River Yeo, above a line drawn from the south-eastern end of the Wick Sea Wall to the south-eastern end of the Kingston Seymour Sea Wall.

65. The River Avon (Bristol), above Latitude 51° 29' 40' North.

66. The River Severn, above the railway bridge at Sharpness.

67. The River Wye, above a line drawn due west from Ewens Rock.

68. The River Usk, above Latitude 51° 33' 10' North.

69. The River Ebbw, above Latitude 51° 33' 10' North.

1949

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

Ch. 74

1543

70. The River Taff, above Clarence Bridge.

4th Sch.

—cont.

71. The River Ely, above the line of the subway at Penarth Dock.

72. The River Avan, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the North Pier to the seaward end of the breakwater at the south of the river.

73. The River Neath, above Latitude 51° 38' North.

74. The River Tawe, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the west pier to the seaward end of the east pier at the river mouth.

75. The River Loughor, above the railway bridge, north-west of •Loughor Station.

76. The Gwendraeth Fawr, above the railway bridge between Burry Port and Kidwelly.

77. The Gwendraeth Fach, above the railway bridge near Kidwelly Station.

78. The River Towy, above the ferry near Ferryside Station.

79. The River Taf, above the Ferry at Black Scar Point.

80. The Daucleddau, above Pembroke Ferry.

81. The River Gwaun, above the road bridge between Fishguard and Lower Town.

82. The River Nevern, above the road bridge between Newport and Berry Hill.

83. The River Teifi, above the ferry north of St. Dogmells.

84. The River Aeron, above the westernmost road bridge at Aberayron.

85. The River Dovey, above the railway bridge near Dovey Junction.

86. The River Dwyryd, above the railway bridge south-east of Penrhyndeudraeth Station.

87. The River Glaslyn, above the road bridge at Portmadoc.

88. The River Conway, above Talycafn Bridge.

89. The River Clwyd, above the Foryd Road Bridge, Rhyl.

90. The River Dee, above a line drawn through the points where the southern boundary of the Borough of Flint and the north-western boundary of the Neston Urban District cross high-water mark of ordinary spring tides.

91. The River Mersey, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the New Brighton Ferry pier to the point where the southern boundary of the Borough of Crosby crosses high-water mark of ordinary spring tides.

92. The Rivers Ribble and Douglas, above a line drawn due south from the Naze.

93. The River Wyre, above a line drawn from the Fleetwood ferry pier to the Knott End ferry pier.

94. The River Lune, above a line drawn due north from the northernmost part of Fishnet Point.

1544

Ch. 74

Coast Protection

Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

4th Sch.

—corn.

95. The River Kent, above the railway viaduct at Arnside.

96. The River Leven, above the railway viaduct between Cark and Ulverston.

97. The River Duddon, above the railway viaduct between Foxfield Station and Green Road Station.

98. The River Esk, South, (Cumberland), above the railway bridge north of Eskmeals Station.

99. The River Mite, above the railway bridge north-west of Ravenglass Station.

100. The River Irt, above the railway bridge, south-east of Drigg Station.

101. The River Calder, above the railway bridge south-east of Sellafield Station.

102. The River Derwent, above a line drawn from the seaward end ‘of the New Pier and. the seaward end of the North Jetty at Workington Harbour.

103. The River Ellen, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the southern pier and the seaward end of the northern pier at Maryport Harbour.

104. The River Waver, above Latitude 54° 52' North.

105. The River Wampool, above the ford at Anthom.

106. The Rivers Eden and Esk, above Longitude 3° 5' West.

107. The River Clyde, above a line drawn from the seaward or western end of the Princes Pier, Greenock, to the seaward end of Craigendoran Pier.

108. The River Dee (Aberdeenshire), above a line joining the seaward end of the south breakwater and the seaward end of the north pier at Aberdeen Harbour.

109. The River Forth, above a line drawn between Hound Point on the south bank and Hopeward Point on the north bank.

110. The Water of Leith, above a line drawn from the seaward end of the east biyakwater to the seaward end of the west breakwater at the entrance to the harbour and docks of Leith.

111. The River Tay, above a line drawn from the northern end of the east pier at Tayport Harbour to the point where the centre line of Strips of Craigie Road, Dundee, produced in a southerly direction crosses high-water mark of ordinary spring tides.

112. The waters of any river flowing into the waters specified in the foregoing paragraphs of this Schedule above the limits therein specified.

113. The Minister may by regulation vary the foregoing provisions of this Schedule either by the inclusion of any waters not for the time being specified therein or by the exclusion of any waters for the time being so specified.

1949 Coast Protection Ch. 74

Act, 1949

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776

Public Harbours Act, 1806

Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851

Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857

Harbours Transfer Act, 1862

Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862

Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863

Dockyard Ports Regulation Act, 1865

Crown Lands Act, 1866

Court of Session Act, 1868

Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

Crown Lands Act, 1906

Fishery Harbours Act, 1915

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation)

Act, 1919

Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923

Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924

Settled Land Act, 1925

Law of Property Act, 1925

Land Charges Act, 1925

Universities and College Estates Act, 1925

Land Drainage Act, 1930

Local Government Act, 1933

Tithe Act, 1936

17 Geo. 3. c. 53.

46 Geo. 3. c. 153.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. 20 & 21 Vict. c. cxlviii. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 69.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 49.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 125.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 62.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 100. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 54.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

6 Edw. 7. c. 28.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 48.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 16.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 27.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 18. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 20. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 22. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 24. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 44. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 26 Geo. 5. &1 Edw. 8.

c. 43.

Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936

Coast Protection Act, 1939

Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945 ... Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

Act, 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

(Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Transport Act, 1947

Local Government Act, 1948

River Boards Act, 1948

Lands Tribunal Act, 1949

26 Geo. 5. &1 Edw. 8. c. 52.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 39. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 18.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 42. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 32.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 42.

3 E

1545

1546

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

CHAPTER 75

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Meaning of "agricultural "

Section

1. Meaning of " agricultural holding."

Provisions as to leases

2. Restriction on letting agricultural land for less than from year

to year.

3. Tacit relocation.

4. Provisions for securing written leases and for the revision of

certain leases.

5. Respective liabilities of landlord and tenant for provision and

maintenance of fixed equipment and for payment of insurance premiums.

6. Provisions supplementary to s.4 and s.5.

7. Variation of rent.

8. Increases of rent in respect of certain improvements carried out

by landlord.

9. Variation of terms of tenancy as to permanent pasture.

10. Leases to continue in force notwithstanding variation of terms,

etc.

Miscellaneous provisions affecting the relationship of landlord and tenant

11. Certain agreements by incoming tenant to pay compensation due

to outgoing tenant to be void.

12. Freedom of cropping and disposal of produce.

13. Prohibition of removal of manure, etc., after notice to terminate

the tenancy.

14. Tenant's right to remove fixtures and buildings.

15. Compensation for damage by game.

16. Restriction of landlord’s right to penal rent or liquidated damages.

17. Making of record of condition, etc., of holding.

18. Power of landlord to enter on holding.

19. Removal of tenant for non-payment of rent.

20. Bequest of lease.

21. Right of landlord to object to heir-at-law of tenant succeeding to

holding.

22. Provisions as to payment for implements, etc., sold on quitting

holding.

23. Application of sums recovered under fire insurance policy.

Provisions as to notices to quit

24. Provisions as to giving of notices to quit.

25. Restrictions on operation of notices to quit.

26. Provisions as to consents for purposes of preceding section.

27. Provisions supplementary to s.25 and s.26.

28. Applications for certificates of bad husbandry.

29. Prevention of deterioration of holding after grant of certificate

of band husbandry.

30. Provisions as to breach of condition attached to consent to opera-

tion of notice to quit.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1547

Section

31. Provisions as to notices to quit where holding agreed to be sold.

32. Notices to quit part of holdings not to be invalid in certain cases.

33. Tenant’s right to treat notice to quit part of holding as notice

to quit entire holding.

34. Reduction of rent where tenant dispossessed of part of holding.

Compensation to tenant for disturbance

35. Right to, and measure of, cdmpensation for disturbance:

Compensation to tenant, on termination of tenancy, for improvements begun before 1st November, 1948

36. Application of sections 37 to 46.

37. Right of tenant to compensation for old improvements.

38. Amount of compensation for old improvements.

39. Compensation for certain old improvements conditional on con-

sent of landlord.

40. Compensation for certain old improvements conditional on notice

to landlord.

41. Conditions attaching to right to compensation for repairs to

buildings.

42. Agreements as to compensation for old improvements specified in

Part III of Second or Third Schedule.

43. Compensation in respect of temporary pasture.

44. Reduction in amount of, or exclusion of right to, compensation

for old improvements in certain cases.

45. Provision as to change of tenancy.

46. Right to compensation for old improvements of tenant who has

paid compensation therefor to outgoing tenant.

Compensation to tenant, on termination of tenancy, for improvements begun on or after ljf November, 1948

47. Application of sections 48 to 55.

48. Tenant’s right to compensation for new improvements.

49. Amount of compensation for new improvements.

50. Compensation for Sch. I, Pt. I, improvements conditional on

consent of landlord.

51. Compensation for Sch. I, Pt. II, improvements conditional on

notice to landlord.

52. Compensation for Sch. I, Pt. II, improvements conditional on

approval of Secretary of State in certain cases.

53. Compensation in respect of temporary pasture.

54. Provision as to change of tenancy.

55. Right to compensation for new improvements of tenant who has

paid compensation therefor to outgoing tenant.

Compensation to tenant, on termination of tenancy, for continuous adoption of special standard of farming

56. Compensation for continuous adoption of special standard of

farming.

Compensation to landlord, on termination of tenancy, for deterioration of holding

57. Compensation to landlord for deterioration, etc., of particular

parts of holding.

58. Compensation to landlord for general deterioration of holding.

59. Provisions supplementary to s.57 and s.58.

3 E 2

1548

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Supplementary provisions with respect to compensation

Section

60. Compensation provisions of this Act to apply to parts of holdings

in certain cases.

61. Determination of claims for compensation where holding is

divided.

62. Adjustment of compensation in respect of ploughing grants.

63. Compensation not to be payable for things done in compliance

with this Act.

64. Extent to which compensation recoverable under agreements.

Special provisions affecting market gardens as regards compensation and fixtures

65. Effect of agreement to let or treat an agricultural holding as a

market garden.

66. Power of Secretary of State in default of agreement to treat an

agricultural holding as a market garden.

67. Agreements as to compensation relating to market gardens.

Settlement of claims between landlord and tenant on termination of tenancy

68. Settlement of claims by arbitration.

Recovery of sums due under this Act

69. Recovery of compensation and other sums due.

70. Power of tenant to obtain charge on holding in respect of com-

pensation.

Supplementary provisions

71. Representations to the Secretary of State.

72. References to the Land Court.

73. Proceedings of the Land Court.

74. Matters to be referred to arbitration.

75. Provisions as to arbitrations.

76. Constitution of panel of arbiters, and provisions as to remunera-

tion of arbiter.

77. Appointment of arbiter in cases to which the Secretary of State is

a party.

78. Determination of questions by Land Court in lieu of arbitration.

79. Power of Secretary of State to vary First and Fourth Schedules

to this Act.

80. Power of limited owners to give consents, etc.

81. Power of heir of entail to apply entailed moneys for improvements.

82. Power of landlord to obtain charge on holding in respect of com-

pensation, etc., paid by him.

83. Power of land improvement companies to advance money.

84. Appointment of guardian to landlord or tenant in certain cases.

85. Validity of consents, etc.

Provisions as to Crown land

86. Application of Act to Crown land.

87. Determination of matters relating to holdings of which the Secre-

tary of State is landlord or tenant.

General

88. Expenses and receipts.

89. Provisions as to entry and inspection

90. Service of notices, etc.

91. Prohibition of appeal from sheriff substitute.

92. Revocation and variation of orders.

93. Interpretation.

94. Amendments of other Acts.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1549

Section

95. Construction of references in other Acts to holdings as defined by

the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923.

96. Improvements carried out before 1909.

97. Repeal of enactments.

98. Provisions as to tenants quitting before commencement of this

Act, or thereafter in consequence of notice given, etc., before

1st November, 1948.

99. General savings.

100. Saving for other rights, etc.

101. Short title and extent.

SCHEDULES

First Schedule: Improvements begun on or after 1st November, 1948, for which compensation is payable.

Second Schedule: Improvements begun before 31st July, 1931, for which compensation is payable.

Third Schedule: Improvements begun on or after 31st July, 1931, and before 1st November, 1948, for which compensation is payable.

Fourth Schedule: Market garden improvements for which compensation may be payable.

Fifth Schedule: Matters for which provision is to be made in written leases.

Sixth Schedule: Provisions as to arbitrations.

Seventh Schedule: Amendments of other Acts.

Eighth Schedule: Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, Part II of the Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931, Part I of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, and certain other enactments relating to agricultural holdings, save, with respect to rights to compensation, in their application to certain cases determined by past events.

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Meaning of " agricultural holding "

1.—(1) In this Act the expression "agricultural holding " Meaning of means the aggregate of the agricultural land comprised in a uai?j^!?,ral lease, not being a lease under which the said land is let to the no tenant during his continuance in any office, appointment or employment held under the landlord.

(2) For the purposes of this and the next following section, the expression " agricultural land" means land used for agriculture which is so used for the purposes of a trade or business, and includes any other land which, by virtue of a designation of the Secretary of State under subsection (1) of section eighty-six of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, is agricultural land within the meaning of that Act.

1550

Restriction on letting agricultural land for less than from year to year.

Tacit

relocation.

Provisions for securing written leases and for the revision of certain leases.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Provisions as to leases

2. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where under a lease entered into on or after the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, any land is let to a person for use as agricultural land for a shorter period than from year to year, and the circumstances are such that if he were a tenant from year to year he would in respect of that land be the tenant of an agricultural holding, then, unless the letting was approved by the Secretary of State before the lease was entered into, the lease shall take effect, with the necessary modifications, as if it were a lease of the land from year to year:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in relation to a lease of land entered into (whether or not the lease expressly so provides) in contemplation of the use of the land only for grazing or mowing during some specified period of the year, or in relation to a lease of land granted by a person whose interest in the land is that of a tenant under a lease which i£ for a shorter period than from year to year and which has not by virtue of this section taken effect as a lease from year to year.

(2) Any question arising as to the operation of the foregoing subsection in relation to any lease shall be determined by arbitration.

3. —(1) The tenancy of an agricultural holding shall, instead of coming to an end on the termination of the stipulated endurance of any lease, be held to be continued in force by tacit relocation for another year and thereafter from year to year, unless such notice to terminate the tenancy as is mentioned in section twenty-four of this Act has been given by either party to the other.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection shall have effect notwithstanding any agreement or any provision in the lease to the contrary.

4. —(1) Where in respect of the tenancy of an agricultural holding—

(a) there is not in force a lease in writing embodying the

terms of the tenancy, or

(b) there is in force such a lease, being either—

(i) a lease entered into on or after the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, or

(ii) a lease entered into before that date, the stipulated period of which has expired and which is being continued in force by tacit relocation,

and such lease contains no provision for one or more of the matters specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act or contains a provision inconsistent with that Schedule or with the next following section.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1551

the landlord or the tenant may give notice in writing to his tenant or his landlord requesting him to enter into such a lease containing provision for all of the said matters or a provision not inconsistent with the said Schedule or the said section, as the case may be; and if within the period of six months after the giving of such notice no such lease has been concluded, the terms of the tenancy shall be referred to arbitration.

(2) On any such reference the arbiter shall by his award specify the terms of the existing tenancy, and, in so far as those terms make no provision for all the matters specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act or make provision inconsistent with that Schedule or with the next following section, make such provision for those matters as appears to the arbiter to be reasonable.

(3) On any such reference the arbiter may include in his award any further provisions not inconsistent with die provisions of this Act relating to the tenancy which may be agreed between the landlord and the tenant.

5.—(1) Where a lease has been entered into for the letting of an agricultural holding, a record of the condition of the fixed equipment on the holding shall be made forthwith, and on being so made shall be deemed to form part of the lease; and the provisions of section seventeen of this Act shall apply to the making of such a record and to the cost thereof as they apply to a record made under that section.

Respective liabilities of landlord and tenant for provision and maintenance of fixed equipment and for

(2) There shall be deemed to be incorporated in every lease payment of for the letting of an agricultural holding— insurance

(a) an undertaking by the landlord that, at the commence- premiums‘ ment of the tenancy or as soon as is reasonably possible - thereafter, he will put the fixed equipment on the holding into a thorough state of repair, and will provide such buildings and other fixed equipment as will enable an occupier reasonably skilled in husbandry to maintain efficient production as respects both the kind of produce specified in the lease, or (failing such specification) in use to be produced on the holding, and the quality and quantity thereof, and will during the tenancy effect such replacement or renewal of the buildings or other fixed equipment as may be rendered necessary by natural decay or by fair wear and tear; and

(b) a provision that the liability of the tenant in relation to the maintenance of fixed equipment shall extend only to a liability to maintain the fixed equipment on the holding in as good a state of repair (natural decay and fair wear and tear excepted) as it was in immediately after it was put in repair as aforesaid or, in the

1552

Provisions supplementary to s. 4 and s. 5.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

case of equipment provided, improved, replaced or renewed during the tenancy, as it was in immediately after it was so provided, improved, replaced or renewed.

(3) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall be deemed to prohibit any agreement made after the lease has been entered into between the landlord and the tenant whereby one of the parties undertakes to execute on behalf of the other party, and wholly at his own expense or wholly or partly at the expense of the other party, any work which the other party is required to execute in order to fulfil his obligations under the lease.

(4) Any provision in a lease requiring the tenant to. pay the whole or any part of the premium due under a fire insurance policy over any fixed equipment on the holding shall be null and void.

(5) Any question arising as to the liability of a landlord or of a tenant under this section shall be determined by arbitration.

(6) This section shall not apply to any lease entered into before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

6.—(1) Where by virtue of section four of this Act the liability for the maintenance or repair of any item of fixed equipment is transferred from the tenant to the landlord, the landlord may within the prescribed period beginning with the date on which the transfer takes effect require that there shall be determined by arbitration, and paid by the tenant, the amount of any compensation which would have been payable under section fifty-seven of this Act or in accordance with subsection

(3) of that section, in respect of any previous failure by the tenant to discharge the said liability, if the tenant had quitted the holding on the termination of his tenancy at the date on which the transfer takes effect.

(2) Where by virtue of section four of this Act the liability for the maintenance or repair of any item of fixed equipment is transferred from the landlord to the tenant, any claim by the tenant in respect of any previous failure by the landlord to discharge the said liability shall, if the tenant within the prescribed period beginning with the date on which the transfer takes effect so requires, be determined by arbitration, and any amount directed by the award to be paid by the landlord shall be paid by him to the tenant.

(3) Where it appears to the arbiter—

(a) on any reference under section four of this Act that, by reason of any provision which he is required by that section to include in his award, or

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1553

(b) on any reference under subsection (5) of section five of this Act that, by reason of any provision included in his award,

it is equitable that the rent of the holding should be varied, he may vary the rent accordingly.

(4) The award of an arbiter under section four or five of this Act shall have effect as if the terms and provisions specified and made therein were contained in an agreement in writing entered into by the landlord and the tenant and having effect as from the making of the award or, if the award so provides, from such later date as may be specified therein.

7.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section the landlord Variation of or the tenant of an agricultural holding may, whether the tenancy rent* was created before or after the commencement of this Act, by notice, in writing served on his tenant or his landlord demand a reference to arbitration of the question what rent should be payable in respect of the holding as from the next ensuing day on which the tenancy could have been terminated by notice to quit given at the date of demanding the reference, and the matter shall be referred accordingly.

(2) On any reference under the last foregoing subsection the arbiter—

(a) ' shall not take into account any increase in the rental

value of the holding which is due to improvements which have been executed thereon in so far as they were executed wholly or partly at the expense of the tenant (whether or not that expense has been or will be reimbursed by a grant out of moneys provided by Parliament) without any equivalent allowance or benefit made or given by the landlord in consideration of their execution, and have not been executed under an obligation imposed on the tenant by the terms of his lease, or to improvements which have been executed thereon by the landlord in so far as the landlord has received or will receive grants out of moneys provided by Parliament in respect of the execution thereof, or fix the rent at a higher amount than would have been properly payable if these improvements had not been so executed;

(b) shall not take into account the relief in respect of rates

to occupiers of agricultural lands and heritages effected by the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, nor the amounts recoverable by occupiers from owners under section forty-seven of that Act, nor any benefit that may accrue to the tenant from the operation of the Agricultural Marketing Act, 1931; and

3 E*

1554

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Increases of rent in respect of certain improvements carried out by landlord.

(c) shall not fix the rent at a lower amount by reason of any dilapidation or deterioration of, or damage to, fixed .equipment or land caused or permitted by the tenant.

Subject as aforesaid, the arbiter shall determine what rent should properly be payable in respect of the holding as from the day mentioned in the last foregoing subsection.

(3) A reference to arbitration under subsection (1) of this section shall not be demanded in such circumstances that any increase or reduction of rent made in consequence thereof would take effect as from a date earlier than the expiration of five years from the latest in time of the following dates, that is to say—

(a) the commencement of the tenancy, or

(b) the date as from which there took effect a previous

increase or reduction of rent (whether made under this section or otherwise), or

(c) the date as from which there took effect a previous

direction under this section that the rent should continue unchanged:

Provided that there shall be disregarded for the purposes of this subsection—

(i) an increase or reduction of rent under subsection (3) of

the last foregoing section;

(ii) an increase of rent under subsection (1) of the pext

following section or such an increase as is referred to in subsection (2) of that section;

(iii) a reduction of rent under section thirty-four of this Act, or under subsection (7) of section thirty-two of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948.

(4) The continuous adoption by the*tenant of a standard of farming or a system of farming more beneficial to the holding than the standard or system required by the lease or, in so far as no system of farming is so required, than the system of farming normally practised on comparable holdings in the district, shall be deemed, for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, to be an improvement executed at his expense.

8.—(1) Where the landlord of an agricultural holding has, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, carried out on the holding an improvement (whether or not one for the carrying out of which compensation is provided under the following provisions of this Act) being either an improvement carried out—

(a) at the request of, or in agreement with, the tenant; or

(b) in pursuance of an undertaking given by the landlord

under subsection (3) or paragraph (b) of subsection (6) of section three of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, or under subsection (3) of section fifty-two of this Act; or

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1555

(c) in compliance with a direction given by the Secretary of State under powers conferred on him by or under any enactment; or

(d) in accordance with a provision in that behalf included in a hill farming land improvement scheme approved under the Hill Farming Act, 1946, being a provision so included at the instance or with the consent of the tenant;

or works for the supply of water to the holding executed in pursuance of directions given by the Agricultural Executive Committee under Defence Regulations or of a scheme approved by the Agricultural Executive Committee, then, subject to the provisions of this section, the rent of the holding shall, if the landlord by notice in writing served on the tenant within six months from the completion of the improvement so requires, be increased as from the completion of the improvement or, where the improvement was completed before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, as from that day, by an amount equal to the increase in the rental value of the holding attributable to the carrying out of the improvement:

Provided that where any grant has been made to the landlord in respect of the improvement out of moneys provided by Parliament, the increase in rent provided for by the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall be reduced proportionately.

(2) No increase of rent shall be made under the foregoing subsection if before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, the landlord and the tenant agreed on any increase in rent or other benefit to the landlord in respect of the improvement, or if before that day any sum became payable under subsection (3) of section three of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, or section nine of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1943, or section nine of the Hill Farming Act, 1946, in respect of the cost of executing it.

(3) Where interest on the cost of works for the supply of water, or rent in respect of such an improvement as is mentioned in paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section, became payable under the provisions of* section nine of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1943, or of subsection (3) of section nine of the Hill Farming Act, 1946, as the case may be, before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, or became payable under the said provisions after that day by virtue of an agreement between the landlord and the tenant entered into before that day, it shall continue to be recoverable notwithstanding that the said provisions are by virtue of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, no longer in force.

3 E* 2

1556 Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotla Act, 1949

(4) Any question arising between the landlord and the tenant of the holding under this section shall be determined by arbitration.

(5) In this section the expression "Agricultural Executive Committee" means the Agricultural Executive Committee for

' any area to whom the Secretary of State has delegated any of his powers under Defence Regulations.

Variation of terms of tenancy as to permanent pasture.

9. Where under the lease of an agricultural holding, whether entered into before or after the commencement of this Act, provision is made for the maintenance of specified land, or a specified proportion of the holding, as permanent pasture, and it appears to the Secretary of State, either on the application of the landlord or the tenant or otherwise,—

(a) that it is expedient in order to secure the full and efficient farming of the holding that the amount of land required to be maintained as permanent pasture should be reduced, and

(b) where there has been an application under this section

by the landlord or the tenant, that the landlord or the tenant has requested his tenant or his landlord to agree to the appropriate reduction but no agreement has been reached thereon, the Secretary of State, after affording to the landlord and to the tenant an opportunity of- making representations to the Secretary of State, whether in writing or on being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State, may—

(i) direct that the lease shall have effect subject to such

modifications of the provisions thereof as to the land which is to be maintained as permanent pasture or is to be treated as arable land, and as to cropping, as appear to the Secretary of State expedient as aforesaid and are specified in the direction; and

(ii) if he gives a direction reducing the area of land which

under the lease is to be maintained as permanent pasture, order that the lease shall have effect as if it provided that on quitting the holding on the termination of the tenancy the tenant should leave as permanent pasture, or should leave as temporary pasture sown with a seeds mixture of such kind as may be specified in the order, such area of land (in addition to the land required by the lease, as modified by the direction, to be maintained as permanent pasture) as may be so specified, so however that the area required to be left as aforesaid shall not exceed the area by which the land required by the lease to be maintained as permanent pasture has been reduced by virtue of the direction.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1557

10. The lease of an agricultural holding shall not be deemed to have been brought to an end, and accordingly neither the landlord nor the tenant of the holding shall be entitled to bring proceedings to terminate the lease or, except with the consent of the other party, to treat it as at an end, by reason only that any new term has been added to the lease or that any of the terms of the lease (including the rent payable thereunder) have been varied or revised in pursuance of any of the foregoing provisions of this Act in that behalf.

Miscellaneous provisions affecting the relationship of landlord

and tenant.

11. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any agreement made after the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, by the incoming tenant of an agricultural holding with his landlord whereby the incoming tenant undertakes to pay to an outgoing tenant any compensation payable by the landlord under of in pursuance of this Act or the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 to 1948, in respect of improvements or to refund to the landlord any compensation payable as aforesaid which has been paid by the landlord to an outgoing tenant, shall be null and void.

(2) This section shall not apply to an agreement in writing entered into by the incoming tenant of a holding with his landlord whereby the incoming tenant undertakes to pay to an outgoing tenant, up to such maximum amount as may be specified in the agreement, any compensation payable by the landlord under or in pursuance of this Act or the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 to 1948, in respect of the whole or part of any improvement of the kind specified in Part III of the First Schedule to this Act, or to refund to the landlord, up to such maximum amount as aforesaid, any compensation so payable which has been paid by the landlord to an outgoing tenant. 12

12. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the tenant of an agricultural holding shall, notwithstanding any custom of the country or the provisions of any lease or of any agreement respecting the disposal of crops or the method of cropping of arable lands, have full right, without incurring any penalty, forfeiture or liability,—

* (a) to dispose of the produce of the holding, other than

manure produced thereon;

(b) to practise any system of cropping of the arable land on the holding:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect unless, before exercising his rights thereunder or as soon as may be after exercising them, the tenant makes suitable and adequate provision, in the case of an exercise of the right to dispose of produce, to return to the holding the full equivalent manurial value to the

Leases to continue in force notwithstanding variation of terms, etc.

Certain agreements by incoming tenant to pay compensation due to outgoing tenant to be void.

Freedom of cropping and disposal of produce.

1558

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

holding of all crops sold off or removed from the holding in contravention of the custom, contract or agreement, and, in the case of an exercise of the right, to practise any system of cropping, to protect the holding from injury or deterioration.

(2) If the tenant of an agricultural holding exercises his rights under the foregoing subsection in such a manner as to injure or deteriorate, or to be likely to injure or deteriorate, the holding, the landlord shall have the following remedies, but no other, that is to say,—

(a) should the case so require, he shall be entitled to obtain

an interdict restraining the exercise of the tenant's rights under that subsection in that manner;

(b) in any case, on the tenant quitting the holding on the

termination of the tenancy the landlord shall be entitled to recover damages for any injury to or deterioration of the holding attributable to the exercise by the tenant of his rights under that subsection.

(3) For the purposes of any proceedings for an interdict brought under the last foregoing subsection, the question whether a tenant is exercising, or has exercised, his rights under subsection (1) of this section in such a manner as to injure or deteriorate his holding, or to be likely to injure or deteriorate

* his holding, shall be determined by the Secretary of State after affording to the landlord and to the tenant an opportunity to make representations to the Secretary of State, whether in writing or on being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State; and a certificate of the Secretary of State as to his determination of any such question as aforesaid shall, for the purposes of any proceedings (including an arbitration) brought under this section, be conclusive proof of the facts stated in the certificate.

(4) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply—

(a) in the case of a tenancy from year to year, as respects the year before the tenant quits the holding or any period after he has given or received notice to quit which results in his quitting the holding; or

(b) in any other case, as respects the year before the expira-

tion of the lease.

(5) In this section the expression " arable land " does not include land in grass which, by the terms of a lease, is to be retained in the same condition throughout the tenancy.

In this subsection any reference to the terms of a lease shall, in a case where the Secretary of State has directed under section twelve of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, or under section nine of this Act that the lease shall have effect subject to modifications, be construed as a reference to the terms of the lease as so modified.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

0Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1559

13. Where notice to terminate the tenancy of an agricultural Prohibition of

holding is given, either by the tenant or by the landlord, the ?£.

tenant shall not, subject to any agreement to the contrary, at after to any time after the date of the notice, sell or remove from the terminate the holding any manure or compost, or any hay or straw or roots tenancy, grown in the last year of the tenancy, unless and until he

has given the landlord or the incoming tenant a reasonable opportunity of agreeing to purchase on the termination of the tenancy at their fair market value, or at such other value as is provided by the lease, the said manure, compost, hay, straw or roots.

14. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section— Tenant’s right

(a) any engine, machinery, fencing or other fixture affixed and

to an agricultural holding by the tenant thereof; and buildings.

(b) any building (other than one in respect of which the tenant is entitled to compensation under this Act or otherwise) erected by him on the holding;

not being a fixture affixed or, as the case may be, a building erected, in pursuance of some obligation in that behalf or instead of some fixture or building belonging to the landlord, as the case may be, shall be removable by the tenant at any time during the continuance of the tenancy or before the expiration of six months, or such longer period as may be agreed, from the termination of the tenancy and shall remain his property so long as he may remove it by virtue of this subsection.

(2) The right conferred by the foregoing subsection shall not be exercisable in relation to a fixture or building unless the tenant—

(a) has paid all rent owing by him and has performed or satisfied all his other obligations to the landlord in respect of the holding; and

(b) has, at least one month before both the exercise of the right and the termination of the tenancy, given to the landlord notice in writing of his intention to remove the fixture or building.

(3) If, before the expiration of the notice aforesaid, the landlord gives to the tenant a counter-notice in writing electing to purchase a fixture or building comprised in the notice, subsection

(1) of this section shall cease to apply to that fixture or building, but the landlord shall be liable to pay to the tenant the fair value thereof to an incoming tenant of the holding.

(4) In the removal of a fixture or building by virtue of subsection (I) of this section, the tenant shall not do to any other building or other part of the holding any avoidable damage, and immediately after the removal shall make good all damage to doqe that is occasioned by the removal.

1560

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Compensation for damage by game.

Restriction of landlord’s right to penal rent or liquidated damages.

15. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the tenant of an agricultural holding has sustained damage to his crops from game, the right to kill and take which is vested neither in him nor in anyone claiming under him other than the landlord, and which the tenant has not permission in writing to kill, he shall be entitled to compensation from his landlord for the damage if it exceeds in amount the sum of one shilling per acre of the area over which it extends:

Provided that compensation shall not be recoverable under this section unless—

(a) notice in writing is given to the landlord as soon as

may be after the damage was first observed by the tenant, and a reasonable opportunity is given to the landlord to inspect the damage—

(i) in the case of damage to a growing crop, before the crop is begun to be reaped, raised or consumed; and

(ii) in the case of damage to a crop reaped or raised, before the crop is begun to be removed from the land; and

(b) notice in writing of the claim, together with the particu-

lars thereof, is given to the landlord within one month after the expiration of the calendar year, or such other period of twelve months as by agreement between the landlord and the tenant may be substituted therefor, in respect of which the claim is made.

(2) The amount of compensation payable under this section shall, in default of agreement made after the damage has been suffered, be determined by arbitration.

(3) Where the right to kill and take the game is vested in some person other than the landlord, the landlord shall be entitled to be indemnified by that other person against all claims for compensation under this section; and any question arising under the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall be determined by arbitration.

(4) In this section the expression "game" means deer, pheasants, partridges, grouse and black game. 16

16. Notwithstanding any provision in a lease of an agricultural holding making the tenant thereof liable to pay a higher rent or other liquidated damages in the event of a breach or non-fulfilment of any of the terms or conditions in the lease, the landlord shall not be entitled to recover any sum in consequence of any breach or non-fulfilment in excess of the damage actually suffered by him in consequence of the breach or non-fulfilment

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949

CH.75

1561

17.—(1) The landlord or the tenant of an agricultural hold- Making of ing may, at any time during the tenancy, require the making rcc°T<J.of of a record of the condition of the fixed equipment on, and of the ofon* cultivation of, the holding; and the tenant may, at any time holding, during the tenancy, require the making of a record of—

(a) existing improvements carried out by him or in respect

of the carrying out of which he has, with the consent in writing of his landlord, paid compensation to an outgoing tenant; and

(b) any fixtures or buildings which, under section fourteen

of this Act, he is entitled to remove.

(2) Any record under this section shall be made by a person to be appointed by the Secretary of State, and shall be in such form as may be prescribed.

(3) The cost of making a record under this section shall, in default of agreement between the landlord and the tenant, be borne by them in equal shares.

(4) Any record made under this section shall show any consideration or allowances which have been made by the landlord to the tenant or by the tenant to the landlord.

(5) Subject to the provisions of section five of this Act, a record may, if the landlord or the tenant so requires, be made under this section relating to a part only of the holding or to the fixed equipment only.

(6) Any question or difference between the landlord and the tenant arising out of the making of a record under this section shall, on the application of the landlord or the tenant, as the case may be, be referred to the Land Court, and the Land Court shall determine such question or difference accordingly.

(7) The remuneration of the person appointed by the Secretary of State to make a record under this section shall be such amount as the Secretary of State may fix, and any other expenses of and incidental to the making of the record shall be subject to taxation by the auditor of the sheriff court, but that taxation shall be subject to review by the sheriff.

(8) The remuneration of the person appointed by the Secretary of State to make a record under this section shall be recoverable by that person from either the landlord or the tenant, but any amount paid by either of those parties in respect of that remuneration, or of any other expenses of and incidental to the making of the record, in excess of the share payable by him as aforesaid of the cost of making the record shall be recoverable by him from the other party.

1562

Power of landlord to enter on holding.

Removal of tenant for non-payment of rent.

Bequest of lease.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(i Scotland) A, 1949

18. The landlord of an agricultural holding or any person authorised by him may at all reasonable times enter on the holding for any of the following purposes, that is to say—

{at viewing the state of the holding;

(b) fulfilling the landlord's responsibilities to manage the holding in accordance with the rules of good estate management;

(c) providing, improving, replacing or renewing fixed equip-

ment on the holding otherwise than in fulfilment of his said responsibilities.

19. —(1) When six months' rent of an agricultural holding is due and unpaid, the landlord shall be entitled to raise an action of removing in the sheriff court against the tenant, concluding for his removal from the holding at the term of Whitsunday or Martinmas next ensuing after the action is raised, and the sheriff may, unless the arrears of rent then due are paid or caution is found to his satisfaction for them, and for one year's rent further, decern the tenant to remove, and may eject him at the said term in like manner as if the lease were determined and the tenant had been legally warned to remove.

(2) A tenant of a holding removed under the foregoing subsection shall have the rights of an outgoing tenant to which he would have been entitled if his tenancy had terminated naturally at the term of Whitsunday or Martinmas aforesaid.

(3) The provisions of section five of chapter XV of Book L of the Codifying Act of Sederunt of the fourteenth day of June, nineteen hundred and thirteen, anent removings shall not apply in any case where the procedure under this section is competent. 20

20. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the tenant of an agricultural holding may, by will or other testamentary writing, bequeath his lease of the holding to any person.

(2) A person to whom the lease of a holding is bequeathed as aforesaid (in this section referred to as " the legatee ") shall, if he accepts the bequest, give notice of the bequest to the landlord of the holding within twenty-one days after the death of the tenant, or, if he is prevented by some unavoidable cause from giving such notice within that period, as soon as possible thereafter. The giving of such notice shall import acceptance of the lease and, unless the landlord gives a counter-notice under the next following subsection, the lease shall be binding on the landlord and on the legatee, as landlord and tenant respectively, as from the date of the death of the deceased tenant.

(3) Where notice as aforesaid has been given to the landlord he may within one month after the giving of the notice give to the legatee a counter-notice intimating that he objects to receive him as tenant under the lease.

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75 1563

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(4) If the landlord gives a counter-notice under the last foregoing subsection, the legatee may make application to the Land Court for an order declaring him to be tenant under the lease as from the date of the death of the deceased tenant.

(5) If, on the hearing of such application, any reasonable ground of objection stated by the landlord is established to the satisfaction of the Land Court, they shall declare the bequest to be null and void, but in any other case they shall make an order in terms of the application.

(6) Pending any proceedings under this section, the legatee shall, unless the Land Court on cause shown otherwise direct, have possession of the holding.

(7) If the legatee does not accept the bequest, or if the bequest is declared nuU and void as aforesaid, the right to the lease shall devolve upon the heir-at-law of the tenant as if the bequest had not been made.

21. —(1) Within three months after the right to the lease of Right of an agricultural holding devolves upon the heir-at-law of the tenant la°^Jrtd to the landlord, if he objects to receive the heir-at-law as tenant heir-at-law under the lease, may make application to the Land Court for an of tenant order terminating the interest of the heir-at-law in the holding. succeeding

(2) If on the hearing of such application any reasonableto holding, ground of objection is established to the satisfaction of the Land

Court, they shall make an order terminating the interest of the heir-at-law in, and requiring him to give up his occupation of, the holding.

(3) The termination of the interest of the heir-at-law under this section shall be treated, for the purposes of the provisions of this Act with respect to compensation, as the termination of his tenancy of the holding; but nothing in this section shall be construed as entitling him to any compensation for disturbance.

(4) The Land Court may, on cause shown, direct that while proceedings are pending under this section the heir-at-law shall not have possession of the holding.

22. —(1) Where a tenant of an agricultural holding has entered Provisions as into an agreement, or it is a term of the lease of the holding, that to payment the tenant will, on quitting the holding, sell to the landlord or ^kfonDtS* to the incoming tenant any implements of husbandry, fixtures, qujtting farm produce or farm stock on, or used in connection with, the holding, holding, it shall be deemed, notwithstanding anything in the agreement or in the lease to the contrary, to be a condition of

the agreement or of the lease, as the case may be, that the property in the goods shall not pass to the buyer until the price is paid and that payment of the price shall be made within one month after the tenant has quitted the holding or, if the price of the goods is to be ascertained by a valuation, within one month after the delivery of the award in the valuation.

1564

Application of sums recovered under fire insurance policy.

Provisions as to giving of notices to quit.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(2) Where payment of the price is not made within one month as aforesaid the outgoing tenant shall be entitled to sell or remove the goods and to receive from the landlord or the incoming tenant, as the case may be, by whom the price was payable, compensation of an amount equal to any loss or expense unavoidably incurred by the outgoing tenant upon or in connection with such sale or removal, together with any expenses reasonably incurred by him in the preparation of his claim for compensation.

(3) Any question arising as to the amount of compensation payable under the last foregoing subsection shall be determined by arbitration.

23, Where the tenant of an agricultural holding is liable in payment of the whole or any part of the premium due under a fire insurance policy in the name of the landlord over any buildings or other subjects included in the lease of the holding and the landlord recovers any sum under such policy in respect of the destruction of, or damage to, the buildings or other subjects by fire, he shall be bound, unless the tenant otherwise agrees, to expend such sum on the rebuilding, repair, or restoration of the buildings or subjects so destroyed or damaged in such manner as may be agreed or as may be determined, failing agreement, by the Secretary of State.

Provisions as to notices to quit

24. —(1) Notwithstanding the termination of the stipulated endurance of any lease of an agricultural holding, the tenancy shall not come to an end unless, not less than one year nor more than two years before the termination of the lease, written notice has been given by either party to the other of his intention to bring the tenancy to an end.

The provisions of this subsection shall have effect notwithstanding any agreement or any provision in the lease to the contrary.

(2) In the case of a lease continued in force by tacit relocation the period of notice required to terminate the tenancy shall be not less than one year nor more than two years.

(3) The provisions of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907, relating to removings shall, in the case of an agricultural holding to which this section applies, have effect subject to the provisions of this section.

(4) Notice by the landlord to the tenant under this section shall be given either—

(a) in the same manner as notice of removal under section

six of the Removal Terms (Scotland) Act, 1886; or

(b) in the form and manner prescribed by the Sheriff Courts

(Scotland) Act, 1907; and such notice shall come in place of the notice required by the said Act of 1907.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949

1565

Ch. 75

(5) Nothing in this section shall affect the right of the landlord of an agricultural holding to remove a tenant whose estate has been sequestrated under the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913, or who by failure to pay rent or otherwise has incurred any irritancy of his lease or other liability to be removed.

(6) The provisions of this section relative to notice shall not apply—

(a) to a notice given in pursuance of a stipulation in a lease entitling the landlord to resume land for building, planting, feuing or other purposes; or

(b) to subjects let under a lease for any period less than a year, not being a lease which by virtue of section two of this Act takes effect as a lease from year to year.

25.—(1) Where notice to quit an agricultural holding or part of an agricultural holding is given to the tenant thereof, and not later than one month from the giving of the notice to quit the tenant serves on the landlord a counter-notice in writing requiring that this subsection shall apply to the notice to quit, then, subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, the notice to quit shall not have effect unless the Secretary of State consents to the operation thereof.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply where—

(a) the Secretary of State has consented under this section

to the operation of the notice to quit before the giving thereof, and that fact is stated in the notice;

(b) the notice to quit relates to land being permanent pasture which the landlord has been in the habit of letting annually for seasonal grazing or of keeping in his own occupation and which has been let to the tenant for a definite and limited period for cultivation as arable land on the condition that he shall, along with the last or waygoing crop, sow permanent grass seeds;

(c) the notice to quit is given on the ground that the land

is required for a use, other than for agriculture, for which permission has been granted on an application made under the enactments relating to town and country planning, or for which (otherwise than by virtue of any provision of those enactments) such permission is not required, and that fact is stated in the notice;

(d) the Secretary of State, on an application in that behalf made to him not more than nine months before the giving of the notice to quit, was satisfied in relation to die holding that the tenant was not fulfilling his responsibilities to farm in accordance with the rules of good husbandry, and certified that he was so satisfied, and that fact is stated in the notice;

Restrictions on operation of notices to quit.

1566

Provisions as to consents for purposes of preceding section.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(e) at the date of the giving of the notice to quit the tenant had failed to comply with a demand in writing served on him by the landlord requiring him within two months from the service of the demand to pay any rent due in respect of the holding, or within a reasonable time to remedy any breach by the tenant, which was capable of being remedied* of any term or condition of his tenancy which was not inconsistent with the fulfilment of his responsibilities to farm in accordance with the rules of good husbandry, and it is stated in the notice that it is given by reason of the matter aforesaid;

if) at the date of the giving of the notice to quit the interest of the landlord in the holding had been materially prejudiced by the commission by the tenant of a breach, which was not capable of being remedied in reasonable time and at economic cost, of any term or condition of the tenancy which was not inconsistent with the fulfilment by the tenant of his responsibilities to farm in accordance with the rules of,good husbandry, and it is stated in the notice that it is given by reason of the matter aforesaid;

(g) at the date of the giving of the notice to quit the tenant was a person who had become notour bankrupt or had executed a trust deed for behoof of his creditors, and it is stated in the notice that it is given by reason of the matter aforesaid.

(3) Nothing in this section shall apply to a notice to terminate a tenancy of an agricultural holding subsisting under a lease in writing entered into before the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-seven; where—

(a) immediately before the creation of the tenancy the holding had been for a period of not less than twelve months in the occupation of the landlord; and

(b) the holding is let upon the express terms that, if the

landlord desires to resume that occupation before the expiration of a specified period not exceeding seven years, the landlord shall be entitled to give notice U> quit without becoming liable to pay to the tenant any compensation for disturbance; and

(c) the notice to terminate the tenancy is given so as to enable the landlord to resume occupation of the holding within the specified period.

26.—(1) Without prejudice to the discretion of the Secretary of State in a case falling within paragraphs (a) to (e) of this subsection, the Secretary of State shall withhold his consent under the last foregoing section to the operation of a notice to quit

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75

(Scotland) Act, 1949

an agricultural holding or part of an agricultural holding unless he is satisfied—

(a) that the carrying out of the purpose for which the landlord proposes to terminate the tenancy is desirable in the interests of efficient farming, whether as respects good estate management or good husbandry or otherwise; or

(b) that the carrying out thereof is otherwise desirable for the purposes of agricultural research, education, experiment or demonstration or for the purposes of the enactments relating to smallholdings or such holdings as are mentioned in section sixty-four of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, or allotments; or

(c) where the tenancy was created on or after the thirteenth

day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, that the landlord proposes to terminate the tenancy for a purpose, specified in the lease, for which the interest of the landlord was held immediately before the creation of the tenancy, and that greater hardship would be caused by the Secretary of State’s withholding than by his granting his consent to the operation of the notice; or

(d) where the tenancy was created before the said thirteenth

day of July, and the same person was landlord at the beginning of that day as at the time when the notice to quit was given or, if the application for the consent of the Secretary of State is made before giving the notice to quit, at the time of the application, that greater hardship would be caused by the Secretary of State's withholding than by his granting his consent to the operation of the notice; or

(e) that the landlord proposes to terminate the tenancy

for the purpose of the land being used for a use, other than for agriculture, not falling within paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section.

(2) The Secretary of State shall not give or withhold his consent under the last foregoing section to the operation of a notice to quit an agricultural holding or part of air agricultural holding except after affording to the landlord and to the tenant an opportunity of making representations to the Secretary of State, whether in writing or on being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State.

(3) Forthwith after the giving or withholding of his consent as aforesaid the Secretary of State shall give notice thereof in writing to the landlord and to the tenant.

(4) If the landlord or the tenant is dissatisfied with the Secretary of State’s decision to withhold or to give his consent as aforesaid, the landlord or the tenant may, within twenty-one days after notice has been given to him under the last foregoing subsection, appeal to the Land Court against the decision;

1567

1568

Provisions supplementary to s. 25 and

s. 26.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

and, where an appeal has been so taken, subsection (1), and paragraph (a) of subsection (2), of the last foregoing section and subsection (1) of this section shall have effect with the substitution (except in so much of paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section as relates to the application for the consent of the Secretary of State) for references to the Secretary of State of references to the Land Court.

(5) Where the Secretary of State or the Land Court consents under the last foregoing section to the operation of a notice to quit the Secretary of State or the Court may impose such conditions as appear to the Secretary of State or the Court requisite for securing that the land to which the notice relates will be used for the purpose for which the landlord proposes to terminate the tenancy.

(6) Where, on an application by the landlord in that behalf, the Secretary of State is satisfied that by reason of any change of circumstances or otherwise any condition imposed under the last foregoing subsection ought to be varied or revoked, he shall vary or revoke the condition accordingly.

27.—(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations—

(a) for requiring any question arising under subsection (2)

of section twenty-five of this Act to be determined by arbitration under this Act, for limiting the time within which any such arbitration may be required or any proceedings for the purposes thereof may be taken, and for extending the period within which a counter-notice may be given by the tenant under subsection (1) of that section where any such arbitration is required;

(b) as to the time within which and the manner in which

applications for the Secretary of State’s consent to the operation of notices to quit may be made under the said section twenty-five;

(c) for suspending the operation of notices to quit until the

issue of the arbiter’s award or the decision of the Land Court under the last foregoing section;

(d) for postponing the date at which a tenancy is to be

terminated by a notice to quit which has effect in consequence of any such award or decision as aforesaid;

(e) for excluding the application of subsection (1) of the

said section twenty-five in relation to sub-tenancies in such cases as may be prescribed, and for making such provision as appears to the Secretary of State expedient for the purpose of safeguarding the interests of sub-tenants, including provision enabling the Secretary of State or the Land Court, where the interest of a tenant is terminated by notice to quit, to secure that a sub-tenant will hold from the landlord on the like terms as he held from the tenant.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1569

(2) The power conferred on the Secretary of State by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

28.—(1) For the purposes of paragraph id) of subsection (2) of section twenty-five of this Act, the landlord of an agricultural holding may, in the prescribed manner and after giving notice in writing to the tenant of the holding of the proposed application, apply to the Secretary of State for a certificate that the tenant is not fulfilling his responsibilities to farm in accordance with the rules of good husbandry:

Provided that such an application shall not be made at any time while a warning notice is in force under section twenty-seven of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948 (whether served in pursuance of that section or of this section) in relation to the tenant’s farming of the holding.

(2) Where such an application is made the Secretary of State shall, after affording to the landlord and to the tenant an opportunity of making representations to the Secretary of State, whether in writing or on being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State, either—

(a) give notice in writing to the landlord and to the tenant

that he proposes to grant or to refuse the certificate, or

(b) serve a warning notice under section twenty-seven of the

Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, on the tenant in relation to the farming of the holding to which the application relates;

and if before the expiration of the prescribed period from the making of the application the Secretary of State has not given or served one or other of such notices as aforesaid, he shall be deemed to have given notice in writing to the landlord and to the tenant that he proposes to refuse the certificate.

(3) Within one month of notice of a proposal being given or being deemed to have been given under the last foregoing subsection the landlord may require that the Secretary of State’s proposal to refuse a certificate shall be referred to the Land Court or the tenant may require that the Secretary of State’s proposal to grant a certificate shall be so referred.

(4) Where a holding forms part only of an agricultural unit, an opportunity of making representations shall be afforded under subsection (2) of this section to every person who for any of the purposes of Part II of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, is the owner of land comprised in the unit, and paragraph ( ) of that subsection shall have effect with the substitution for the reference to the holding of a reference to the unit.

Applications for certificates of bad husbandry.

1570

Prevention of deterioration of holding after grant of certificate of bad husbandry,

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

29.—(1) If, while a certificate under paragraph id) of subsection (2) of section twenty-five of this Act is in force, the landlord within nine months from the application for the certificate gives notice to quit to the tenant, the Secretary of State shall have power, after affording to the tenant an opportunity of making* representations to the Secretary of State, whether in writing or on being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State, to give to the tenant by notice in writing such directions as appear to the Secretary of State necessary for securing that the holding shall not further deteriorate before the determination of the tenancy.

(2) Where the tenant contravenes or fails to comply with a direction given under the foregoing subsection—

(a) he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds; and (ft) the Secretary of State may order that the tenancy shall terminate by virtue of the notice to quit at such date earlier than the date specified in that notice as may be specified in the order, being a date not less than three months later than the service on the tenant of notice in writing of the making of the order, and such order shall provide for the reference to arbitration under this Act of any question or difference arising between the landlord and the tenant by reason of the earlier termination of the tenancy.

(3) Without prejudice to the bringing of proceedings under the last foregoing subsection, where a direction under this section to carry out any work is not complied with and the Secretary of State is satisfied that an adequate opportunity has been afforded to the tenant to carry out the direction, any person authorised by the Secretary of State in that behalf may enter upon the land to which the direction relates and any other land farmed in conjunction therewith, and carry out the work required by the direction; and the reasonable cost of carrying out work in the exercise of powers conferred by this subsection' shall be recoverable by the Secretary of State from the tenant.

Any question arising under this subsection as to what is the reasonable cost of any work shall be determined by an arbiter appointed, in default of agreement, in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(4) Any person who obstructs a person acting in the exercise of powers conferred by the last foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(5) Where a direction under this section provides for the doing of anything within a specified time and (whether before or after the expiration of the said time) the Secretary of State is satisfied

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75 1571

(Scotland) Act, 1949

that it is reasonable that the said time should be extended, he may extend it accordingly.

(6) Without prejudice to the general provisions of this Act as to the service of notices, a notice under subsection (1) of this section giving directions shall, where an agent or servant of the tenant is responsible for the control of the farming of the holding, be duly served if served on that agent or servant

30.—(1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that, within a Provisions as reasonable time after a notice to quit an agricultural holding to breach of or part of an agricultural holding has expired, any condition0?^11 imposed under subsection (5) of section twenty-six of this Act consent to° in connection with consent to the operation of the notice has operation of not been complied with, the Secretary of State may take posses- notice to quit, sion of the land for the purpose of farming it, and—

(a) on the Secretary of State taking possession of the land any tenancy thereof granted without the approval of the Secretary of State and since the imposition of the condition shall be deemed to have terminated by reason of a notice to quit duly given by the landlord, and

(b) the Secretary of State may by order require the tenant whose tenancy is deemed to have terminated as aforesaid to give up his occupation of the land.

A certified copy of an order under this subsection requiring a tenant to give up his occupation of any land shall be a sufficient warrant for ejection against the tenant or any party in his right in the event of non-compliance with such order.

(2) While the Secretary of State is in possession of land under this section it shall be his duty to secure that it is farmed in accordance with the rules of good husbandry either—

(a) by a person acting under the direction of the Secretary of State, or

• (b) by a person entrusted by the Secretary of State with the farming thereof on such terms, being terms which in the opinion of the Secretary of State would be appropriate to a letting thereof to a tenant from year to year, as may be agreed between the Secretary of State and the said person; and subject to the provisions of this section the Secretary of State and the person who, apart from any tenancy deemed to have terminated under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, for the time being would be entitled to possession of the land but for the exercise by the Secretary of State of his powers under this section (hereafter in this section referred to as " the owner ") shall have the like rights against and liabilities to each other as if the Secretary of State were a tenant of the land under a tenancy from year to year beginning on the date on which the Secretary of State took possession of the

1572

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(iScotland) Act, 1949

land and granted by the owner under a lease containing such provisions (other than provisions as to rent or any such payment as is mentioned in the next following subsection) as may be agreed between the Secretary of State and the owner, and providing for the making of payments by the Secretary of State of such amounts at such times as a tenant under such a lease might reasonably be expected to make by way of rent.

(3) On the Secretary of State taking possession of land under this section there shall be ascertained—

(a) the amount (if any) in addition to rent which might reasonably have been expected to be payable by an incoming tenant, under the lease referred to in the last foregoing subsection, in respect of things previously done for the purposes of the farming of the land, and in respect of seeds, tillages, growing crops and other matters;

(b) the cost of the carrying out of any work which under the rules of good husbandry or under the lease ought to have been carried out on the land by the occupier before the Secretary of State took possession thereof, being work which is necessary for putting the land into good tenantable condition; and if the said amount is greater than the said cost the difference shall be recoverable from the Secretary of State by the owner, and if less the difference shall be recoverable from the owner by the Secretary of State.

(4) Where the Secretary of State has taken possession of land under this section, the owner shall, without prejudice to his responsibilities under the rules of good estate management, be liable to the Secretary of State to carry out any work which under the lease with the tenant to whom notice to quit was given he was liable to carry out, being work which is necessary for putting the land into good tenantable condition; and any such liability shall be enforceable by the Secretary of State* in like manner as if it were imposed by the lease referred to in subsection (2) of this section.

(5) The Secretary of State shall be entitled to continue in possession of land under this section—

(a) where it is being farmed by a person acting under the direction of the Secretary of State, and it is shown to the Secretary of State that the owner has made arrangements satisfactory to the Secretary of State for the farming of the land by himself or by a person approved by the Secretary of State, until the next twenty-eighth day of May or twenty-eighth day of November as may be specified in a notice in writing served on the Secretary of State by the owner not later than two months before the said day;

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1573

(b) where it is being farmed by a person to whom the Secretary of State has entrusted the farming thereof, until that person is entitled to possession of the land as tenant thereof under an agreement with the owner approved by the Secretary of State.

(6) Nothing in subsection (2) of this section shall entitle the Secretary of State, on giving up possession of land, to compensation for disturbance; but save as aforesaid that subsection shall apply as if when the Secretary of State gives up possession he were quitting the land on the termination of the tenancy referred to in that subsection by notice to quit duly given by the owner.

(7) The enactments relating to income tax, and in particular such of those enactments as relate to the deduction of tax from rent and to the taxation of excess rents, shall apply—

(a) in relation to payments made under subsection (2) of this section by the Secretary of State to the owner, as if the Secretary of State were a tenant and the owner were a lessor of the land under such a lease as is mentioned in the said subsection (2) and the payments were rent paid thereunder;

(b) in relation to payments made by any such person as is

mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection to the Secretary of State, as if the said person were a tenant and the Secretary of State were a lessor of the land under such a letting as is mentioned in the said paragraph (b) and the payments were rent paid thereunder.

(8) Any question arising under subsections (2) to (6) of this section between the Secretary of State and the owner shall, in default of agreement, be determined by arbitration.

31.—(1) The provisions of the two following subsections shall Provisions as have effect where, after the commencement of this Act, notice to notices to to quit land being or comprised in an agricultural holding has Su{dwhcre d been given to the tenant and at any time while the notice is tobewkT^ current a contract is made for the sale of the landlord’s interest in the land or any part thereof.

(2) Unless within the period of three months ending with the making of the contract the landlord and the tenant have agreed in writing whether on the making of such a contract the notice shall continue in force or be of no effect,—

(a) the landlord shall, within the period of fourteen days from the making of the contract, or, where the notice to quit expires within the last mentioned period, before the expiration of the notice to quit, give notice in writing to the tenant of the making of the contract, and

1574

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Notices to qui part of holdings not t< be invalid in certain cases.

(b) the tenant may before the expiration of the notice to quit notify the landlord in writing that the tenant elects that the notice to quit shall continue in force, so however that the tenant shall not give a notification under this paragraph after the expiration of one month from the receipt by him of a notice under the last foregoing paragraph of the making of the contract.

(3) In default of any such agreement or notification as aforesaid the notice to quit shall be of no effect unless the landlord has failed duly to give notice of the making of the contract and the tenant quits the holding in consequence of the notice to quit

(4) A notice to quit shall not be invalid by reason only that under any such agreement as aforesaid the operation of the notice is conditional.

32.—(1) A notice to quit part of an agricultural holding held on a tenancy from year to year given by the landlord of the holding shall not be invalid on the ground that it relates to part only of the holding if it is given—

(a) for the purpose of adjusting the boundaries between

agricultural units or amalgamating agricultural units or parts thereof, or

(b) with a view to the use of the land to which the notice relates for any of the purposes mentioned in the following subsection,

and the notice states that it is given for that purpose or with a view to any such use, as the case may be.

(2) The purposes referred to in paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection are the following, that is to say—

(a) the erection of farm labourers' cottages or other houses with or without gardens;

(b) the provision of gardens for farm labourers' cottages or other houses;

(c) the provision of allotments;

(d) the provision of small holdings under the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1931, or of such holdings as are mentioned in section sixty-four of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948;

(e) the planting of trees;

(f) the opening or working of any coal, ironstone, lime-

stone, brick-earth, or other mineral, or of a stone quarry, clay, sand, or gravel pit, or the construction of any works or buildings to be used in connection therewith;

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1575

(g) the making of a watercourse or reservoir;

(h) the making of any road, railway, tramroad, siding, canal or basin, or any wharf, pier, or other work connected therewith.

33. Where there is given to the tenant of an agricultural Tenant’s right holding a notice to quit part of the holding, being such a notice j° tre*t

as is rendered valid by the last foregoing section, then, if the hoidingPas ° tenant, within twenty-eight days after the giving of the notice, notice to quit or, in a case where the operation of the notice depends on any entire holding, proceedings under the foregoing provisions of this Act, within twenty-eight days after the time when it is determined that the notice has effect, gives to the landlord a counter-notice in writing to the effect that he accepts the notice to quit as a notice to quit the entire holding given by the landlord to take effect at the same time as the original notice, the notice to quit shall have effect accordingly.

34. Where— Reduction of

(a) the tenancy of part of an agricultural holding terminates [°^herc

by reason of such a notice to quit as is rendered valid dispossessed by section thirty-two of this Act; or of part of

(b) the landlord of an agricultural holding resumes posses- holding, sion of part of the holding in pursuance of a provision in that behalf contained in the lease;

the tenant shall be entitled to a reduction of rent, of an amount to be determined by arbitration, proportionate to that part of the holding and in respect of any depreciation of the value to him of the residue of the holding caused by the severance or by the use to be made of the part severed:

Provided that, in a case falling within paragraph ( of this section, the arbiter, in determining the amount of the reduction, shall take into account any benefit or relief allowed to the tenant under the lease in respect of the land possession of which is resumed by the landlord.

Compensation to tenant for disturbance

35. —(1) Where the tenancy of an agricultural holding termi- Right to, and

nates by reason either— measure of,

(a) of a notice to quit the holding given by the landlord; or ^P61^011

(b) of a counter-notice given by the tenant under section disturbance.

thirty-three of this Act after the giving to him of such a notice to quit as is mentioned in that section;

and in consequence of the notice or counter-notice, as the case may be, the tenant quits the holding, then, subject to the provisions of this section, compensation for the disturbance shall be payable by the landlord to the tenant in accordance with the provisions of this section;

1576

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Provided that compensation shall not be payable under this subsection where the operation of subsection (1) of section twenty-five of this Act in relation to the notice to quit the holding or part, as the case may be, is excluded by virtue of paragraph (b), (d), (e), (f) or (g) of subsection (2) of that section or of subsection (3) thereof.

(2) The amount of the compensation payable under this section shall be the amount of the loss or expense directly attributable to the quitting of the holding which is unavoidably incurred by the tenant upon or in connection with the sale or removal of his household goods, implements of husbandry, fixtures, farm produce or farm stock on or used in connection with the holding, and shall include any expenses reasonably incurred by him in the preparation of his claim for compensation (not being expenses of an arbitration to determine any question arising under this section):

Provided that—

(a) the compensation payable under this section shall be

an amount equal to one year's rent of the holding at the rate at which rent was payable immediately before the termination of the tenancy without proof by the tenant of any such loss or expense as aforesaid;

(b) the tenant shall not be entitled to claim any greater amount than one year's rent of the holding unless he has given to the landlord not less than one month's notice of the sale of any such goods, implements, fixtures, produce or stock as aforesaid and has afforded him a reasonable opportunity of making a valuation thereof;

(c) the tenant shall not in' any case be entitled to compen-

sation in excess of two years' rent of the holding.

In this subsection the expression " rent" means the rent after deduction of such an amount as, failing agreement, the arbiter may find to be equivalent to the aggregate of the following amounts, that is to say—

(i) the amount payable by the landlord in respect of the

holding for the year in which the tenancy was terminated by way of owners' rates or of any other public rates, taxes or assessments or other public burdens, the charging of which on the landlord would entitle him to relief in respect of tax under Rule 4 of No. V of Schedule A to the Income Tax Act, 1918; and

(ii) the amount (if any) recovered in respect of that year from the landlord in pursuance of subsection (1) of section forty-seven of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929.

(3) Where the tenant of an agricultural holding has lawfully sub-let the whole or part of the holding, and in consequence of a notice to quit given by his landlord becomes liable to pay

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1577

compensation under this section to the sub-tenant, the tenant shall not be debarred from recovering compensation under this section by reason only that, owing to not being in occupation of the holding or of part of the holding, on the termination of his tenancy he does not quit the holding or that part.

(4) Where the tenancy of an agricultural holding terminates by virtue of such a counter-notice as is mentioned in paragraph

(b) of subsection (1) of this section and—

(a) the part of the holding affected by the notice given by the

landlord, together with any part of the holding affected by any such previous notice given by the landlord as is rendered valid by section thirty-two of this Act, is either less than one fourth part of the area of the original holding or of a rental value less than one fourth part of the rental value of the original holding, and

(b) the holding as proposed to be diminished is reasonably

capable of being farmed as-a separate holding,

compensation shall not be payable under this section except in respect of the part of the holding to which the notice to quit relates.

(5) Compensation payable under this section shall be in addition to any compensation to which the tenant may be entitled apart from this section.

Compensation to tenant, on termination of tenancy, for improvements begun before 1st November, 1948.

36.—(1) The provisions of the ten next following sections Application shall have effect with respect to the rights of the tenant of an of sections 37 agricultural holding with respect to compensation for an im-to 46, provement specified in the Second Schedule to this Act carried out on the holding, being an improvement begun before the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-one (in this Act referred to as " a 1923 Act imjprovement "), or for an improvement specified in the Third Schedule to this Act so carried out, being an improvement begun on or after that date and before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight (in this Act referred to as " a 1931 Act improvement ").

(2) An improvement being a 1923 Act improvement or a 1931 Act improvement is in this Act referred to as " an old improvement ".

37.—(1) The tenant shall, subject to the provisions of this Right of tenant Act, be entitled, at the termination of the tenancy, on quitting compeaM-the holding, to obtain from the landlord compensation for an old improvement carried out by the tenant: improvements.

Provided that where the lease was entered into before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, the tenant shall not be entitled to compensation under this section for an

3 F

1578

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Amount of compensation for old

improvements. Compensation for certain old improvements conditional on consent of landlord.

Compensation for certain old improvements conditional on notice to landlord.

improvement which he was required to carry out by the terms of his tenancy.

(2) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the right of a tenant to claim any compensation to which he may be entitled under custom, agreement or otherwise, in lieu of any compensation provided by this section.

38. The amount of any compensation under this Act for an old improvement shall be such sum as fairly represents the value of the improvement to an incoming tenant.

39. —(1) Compensation under this Act shall not be payable for a 1923 Act improvement specified in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act or for a 1931 Act improvement specified in Part I of the Third Schedule thereto unless, before the carrying out thereof, the landlord consented in writing (whether unconditionally or upon terms as to compensation or otherwise agreed on between hiin and the tenant) to the carrying out thereof.

(2) Where the consent was given upon terms as to compensation agreed on as aforesaid, the compensation payable under the agreement shall be substituted for compensation under this Act.

40. —(1) Compensation under this Act shall not be payable for a 1923 Act improvement specified in Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act unless the tenant, not more than three nor less than two months before he began to carry out the improvement, gave to the landlord notice in writing under section three of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, of his intention to carry out the improvement and of the manner in which he proposed to carry it out, and either—

(a) the landlord and the tenant agreed on the terms as to compensation or otherwise on which the improvement was to be carried out; or

(b) where no such agreement was made and the tenant did not withdraw the notice, the landlord failed to exercise the right conferred on him by that section to carry out the improvement himself within a reasonable time:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect if the landlord and the tenant agreed, by the lease or otherwise, to dispense with notice under the said section three.

(2) Compensation under this Act shall not be payable for a 1931 Act improvement specified in Part II of the Third Schedule to this Act unless the tenant, not more than six months nor less than three months before he began to carry out the improvement, gave to the landlord notice in writing under section three of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, of his inten-

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75 1579

(Scotland) Act, 1949

tion to carry out the improvement and of the manner in which he proposed to carry it out and either—

(a) the landlord and the tenant agreed on the terms as to

compensation or otherwise on which the improvement was to be carried out; or

(b) where no such agreement was made and the tenant did

not withdraw the notice, the landlord failed to exercise the right conferred on him by that section to carry out the improvement himself within a reasonable time; or

(c) in a case where the landlord gave notice of objection

and the matter was, in pursuance of subsection (2) of section twenty-eight of the Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931, referred for determination to the appropriate authority, that authority was satisfied that the improvement ought to be carried out and the improvement was carried out in accordance with the directions (if any) given by that authority as to the manner in which the improvement was to be carried out :

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect—

(i) if the landlord and the tenant agreed, by the lease or

otherwise, to dispense with notice under the said section three; or

(ii) where the improvement consists of drainage which was

carried out by the tenant for the purpose of complying with directions given under Defence Regulations, but which he was not required to carry out by the terms of the tenancy.

(3) If the landlord and the tenant agreed (whether after notice was given under the said section three or by an agreement to dispense with notice under that section) on the terms as to compensation on which the improvement was to be carried out, the compensation payable under the agreement shall be substituted for compensation under this Act.

(4) In this section the expression " the appropriate authority" means, in relation to the period before the fourth day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, the Department of Agriculture for Scotland, and in relation to the period commencing on that day, the Secretary of State.

41. Compensation under this Act shall not be payable in Conditions respect of any such repairs as are specified in paragraph 29 of attaching the Second Schedule to this Act or in paragraph 29 of the Third ^mpensation Schedule thereto unless, before beginning to execute any such for repairs repairs, the tenant gave to the landlord notice in writing under to buildings, paragraph (29) of the First Schedule to the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, or under paragraph (30) of the First Schedule to the Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931, of his intention to execute the repairs, together with particulars thereof, and the landlord failed to

3 F 2

1580

Ch. 75

Agreements as to compensation for old improvements specified in Part III of Second or Third Schedule.

Compensation in respect of temporary pasture.

Reduction in amount of, or exclusion of right to, compensation for old improvements in certain cases.

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

exercise the right conferred on him by the said paragraph <29) or the said paragraph (30) to execute the repairs himself within a reasonable time after receiving the notice.

42. Where an agreement in writing entered into before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, secures to the tenant for an old improvement specified in Part III of the Second Schedule to this Act or in Part III of the Third Schedule thereto fair and reasonable compensation, having regard to the circumstances existing at the time of the making of the agreement, the compensation so secured shall as respects that improvement be substituted for compensation under this Act.

43. The tenant shall be entitled to compensation under this Act in respect of the 1931 Act improvement specified in paragraph 28 of the Third Schedule to this Act, being the laying down of temporary pasture in accordance with that paragraph, notwithstanding that the laying down or the leaving at the termination of the tenancy of such pasture was in contravention of the terms of the lease or of any agreement made by the tenant respecting the method of cropping the arable lands; but in ascertaining the amount of the compensation the arbiter shall take into account any injury to, or deterioration of, the holding due to the contravention except in so far as the landlord has recovered damages in respect of such injury or deterioration.

44. —(1) In the ascertainment of the amount of the compensation payable under this Act to the tenant in respect of an old improvement, there shall be taken into account—

(a) any benefit which the landlord has given or allowed to the tenant in consideration of the tenant carrying out the improvement, whether expressly stated in die lease to be so given or allowed or not; and

(b) as respects manuring, the value of the manure required by the lease or by custom to be returned to the holding in respect of any crops grown on and sold off or removed from the holding within the last two years of the tenancy or other less time for which the tenancy has endured, not exceeding the value of the manure which would have been produced by the consumption on the holding of the crops so sold off or removed.

(2) In assessing the amount of any compensation payable to the tenant, whether under this Act or under custom or agreement, by reason of the improvement of the holding by the addition thereto of lime in respect of which a contribution has been made under Part I of the Agriculture Act, 1937, the contribution shall be taken into account as if it had been a benefit allowed to the tenant in consideration of his carrying out the improvement, and the compensation shall be reduced accordingly.

(3) In assessing the amount of any compensation payable under this Act to the tenant in respect of such an improvement

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75 1581

(Scotland) Act, 1949

as is mentioned in paragraph (ii) of the proviso to subsection (2) of section forty of this Act, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the person assessing the compensation that the improvement consisted of, or was wholly or in part the result of or incidental to, operations in respect of which any grant has been or is to be made to the tenant out of moneys provided by Parliament, the grant shall be taken into account as if it had been a benefit allowed to the tenant in consideration of his carrying out the improvement, and the compensation shall be reduced to such extent as that person considers appropriate.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of tfiis Act, the tenant shall not be entitled to compensation thereunder for an old improvement carried out on land which, at the time the improvement was begun, was not a holding within the meaning of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, as originally enacted, and would not have fallen to be treated as such a holding by virtue of section thirty-three of that Act.

(5) In this section the expression "manuring" means any of the improvements specified in paragraphs 25 to 27 of the Second Schedule to this Act or in paragraphs 25 to 27 of the Third Schedule thereto.

45. Where the tenant has remained in the holding during Provision as to two or more tenancies, he shall not be deprived of his right to change of compensation under this Act for old improvements by reason tenancy’ only that the improvements were not carried out during the

tenancy on the termination of which he quits the holding.

46. Where, on entering into occupation of the holding, the Right to tenant, with the consent in writing of the landlord and in pur- compensation suance of an agreement made before the first day of November, for old nineteen hundred and forty-eight, paid to an outgoing tenant JJf1tenant^who any compensation payable under or in pursuance of this Act or has paid

the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 to 1948, in compensation respect of the whole or part of an old improvement, or, with therefor to the like consent and in pursuance of an agreement in writing made after that day, paid to an outgoing tenant any compensation payable as aforesaid in respect of the whole or part of an old improvement of the kind specified in Part III of the First Schedule to this Act, he shall be entitled, on quitting the holding, to claim compensation for the improvement or part in like manner, if at all, as the outgoing tenant would have been entitled if the outgoing tenant had remained tenant of the holding and quitted it at the time at which the tenant quits it.

Compensation to tenant, on termination of tenancy, for improvements begun on or after ltf November, 1948

47. —(1) The provisions of the eight next following sections Application of shall have effect with respect to the rights of the tenant of an sections 48 to agricultural holding with respect to compensation for improve- 5S-

ments specified in the First Schedule to this Act carried out on

1582

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Tenant’s right to compensation for new improvements.

Amount of compensation for new improvements.

Compensation for Sch. I,

Pt. I,

improvements conditional on consent of landlord.

Compensation for Sch. I, Pt. II. improvements conditional on notice to landlord.

the holding, being improvements begun on or after the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight; and the said provisions shall have effect whether the tenant entered into occupation of the holding before or on or after the said first day of November.

(2) An improvement falling within the foregoing subsection is in this Act referred to as " a new improvement ".

48. —(1) The tenant shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be entitled at the termination of the tenancy, on quitting the holding, to obtain from the landlord compensation for a new improvement carried out by the tenant:

Provided that where the lease was entered into before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, the tenant shall not be entitled to compensation under this section for an improvement which he was required to carry out by the terms of his tenancy.

(2) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the right of a tenant to claim any compensation to which he may be entitled under an agreement in writing in lieu of any compensation provided by this section.

49. —(1) The amount of any compensation under this Act for a new improvement shall be such sum as fairly represents the value of the improvement to an incoming tenant.

(2) In the ascertainment of the amount of the compensation payable under this Act for a new improvement there shall be taken into account—

(a) any benefit which under an agreement in writing the

landlord has given or allowed to the tenant in consideration of the tenant carrying out the improvement; and ,

(b) any grant out of moneys provided by Parliament which

has been or will be made to the tenant in respect of the improvement.

50. —(1) Compensation under this Act shall not be payable for a new improvement specified in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act unless, before the carrying out thereof, the landlord has consented in writing (whether unconditionally or upon terms as to compensation or otherwise agreed on between him and the tenant) to the carrying out thereof.

(2) Where the consent is given upon terms as to compensation agreed on as aforesaid, the compensation payable under the agreement shall be substituted for compensation under this Act.

51. ^—(1) Compensation under this Act shall not be payable for a new improvement specified in Part II of the First Schedule to this Act unless the tenant has, not less than three months

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1583

before he began to carry out the improvement, given to the landlord notice in writing of his intention to carry out the improvement and of the manner in which he proposes to carry it out.

(2) On such notice being given, the landlord and the tenant may enter into an agreement in writing with respect to the terms as to compensation or otherwise on which the improvement is to be carried out, and if any such agreement is entered into, the compensation payable under the agreement shall be substituted for compensation under this Act

(3) The landlord and the tenant may, by the lease or otherwise, enter into an agreement in writing to dispense with any notice under subsection (1) of this section; and an agreement so entered into may provide for anything for which an agreement entered into under the last foregoing subsection may provide, and in such case shall be of the like validity and effect as such last-mentioned agreement.

52.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, compensa- Compensation tion under this Act shall not be payable in respect of a new for Sch. I, improvement specified in Part II of the First Schedule to this Pt* n»

Act if, within one month after receiving notice under subsection ^nditiona?

(1) of the last foregoing section from the tenant of his inten- 0n approval tion to carry out the improvement, the landlord gives notice in of Secretary writing to the tenant that he objects to the carrying out of the of State in improvement or to the manner in which the tenant proposes to certain cases* carry it out

(2) Where notice of objection has been given as aforesaid, the tenant may, after giving notice in writing to the landlord of his intention so to do, apply to the Secretary of State for approval of the carrying out of the improvement, and on any such application the Secretary of State may, after affording to the tenant and to the landlord an opportunity of making representations to the Secretary of State, whether in writing or on being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State, approve the carrying out of the improvement either unconditionally or upon such terms, whether as to reduction of the compensation which would be payable if the Secretary of State approved unconditionally or as to other matters, as appear to the Secretary of State to be just, or may withhold his approval; and in either case forthwith after coming to a decision on the application the Secretary of State shall give notice in writing of his decision to the landlord and to the tenant.

(3) If, on an application under the last foregoing subsection, the Secretary of State grants his approval, the landlord may, within one month after receiving notice of the decision of the Secretary of State, serve notice in writing on the tenant undertaking to carry out the improvement himself.

1584

Compensation in respect of temporary pasture.

Provision as to change of tenancy.

Right to compensation for new improvements of tenant who has paid compensation therefor to outgoing tenant.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(4) Where the Secretary of State grants his approval, then if either—

(a) no notice is served by the landlord under the last fore-

going subsection, or

(b) such a notice is served but, on an application made

by the tenant in that behalf, the Secretary of State, after affording to the tenant and to the landlord an opportunity of making representations to the Secretary of State, whether in writing or on being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State, determines that the landlord has failed to carry out die improvement within a reasonable time, the tenant may carry out the improvement and shall be entitled to compensation under this Act in respect thereof as if notice of objection had not been given by the landlord, and any terms subject to which the approval was given shall have effect as if they were contained in an agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant.

53. The tenant shall be entitled to compensation under this Act in respect of the new improvement specified in paragraph 33 of the First Schedule to this Act, being the laying down of temporary pasture in accordance with that paragraph, notwithstanding that the laying down or the leaving at the termination of the tenancy of such pasture is in contravention of the terms of the lease or of any agreement made by the tenant respecting the method of cropping the arable lands; but in ascertaining the amount of the compensation the arbiter shall take into account any injury to, or deterioration of, the holding due to the contravention except in so far as the landlord has recovered damages in respect of such injury or deterioration.

54. Where the tenant has remained in the holding during two or more tenancies, he shall not be deprived of his right to compensation under this Act for new improvements by reason only that the improvements were not carried out during the tenancy on the termination of which he quits the holding.

55. —(1) Where, on entering into occupation of the holding the tenant, in pursuance of such an agreement as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section eleven of this Act, paid to an outgoing tenant or refunded to his landlord any compensation payable by the landlord under or in pursuance of this Act or the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 to 1948, in respect of the whole or part of a new improvement, he shall be entitled on quitting the holding to claim compensation in respect of the improvement or part in like manner, if at all, as the outgoing tenant would have been entitled if he had remained tenant of the holding and quitted it at the time at which the tenant quits it.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1585

(2) Where, in a case not falling within the foregoing subsection or section eleven of this Act, the tenant, on entering into occupation of the holding, paid to his landlord any amount in respect of the whole or part of a new improvement, he shall, subject to any agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant, be entitled on quitting the holding to claim compensation in respect of the improvement or part in like manner, if at all, as he would have been entitled if he had been tenant of the holding at the time when the improvement was carried out and the improvement or part had been carried out by him.

Compensation to tenant, on termination of tenancy, for continuous adoption of special standard of farming

56.—(1) Where the tenant of an agricultural holding proves Compensation that the value of the holding to an incoming tenant has been for continuous increased during the tenancy by the continuous adoption of a adoption standard of farming or a system of farming which has been Stanford of more beneficial to the holding than the standard or system farming, required by the lease, or, in so far as no system. of farming is so required, than the system of farming normally practised on comparable holdings in the district, the tenant shall be entitled, on quitting the holding, to obtain from the landlord such compensation as represents the value to an incoming tenant of the adoption of that standard or system:

Provided that compensation shall not be recoverable under this section unless—

(i) the tenant has, not later than one month before the

termination of the tenancy, given to the landlord notice in writing of his intention to claim such compensation; and

(ii) a record of the condition of the fixed equipment on,

and the cultivation of, the holding has been made under section seventeen of this Act;

and shall not be so recoverable in respect of any matter arising before the date of the record so made or, where more than one such record has been made during the tenancy, before the date of the first such record.

(2) In assessing the compensation to be paid under this section due allowance shall be made for any compensation agreed or awarded to be paid to the tenant for any old or new improvement which has caused or contributed to the benefit.

(3) Nothing in this section shall entitle a tenant to recover, for an old or a new improvement or an improvement to which the provisions of this Act relating to market gardens apply, any compensation which he would not be entitled to recover apart from this section.

3 F*

1586

Compensation to landlord for deterioration, etc. of particular parts of holding.

Compensation to landlord for general deterioration of holding.

Provisions supplementary to s. 57 and s. 58.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) A, 1949

Compensation to landlord, on termination of tenancy, for deterioration of holding

57. —(1) The landlord of an agricultural holding shall be entitled to recover from the tenant of the holding, on the tenant’s quitting the holding on the termination of the tenancy, compensation in respect of any dilapidation or deterioration of, or damage to, any part of the holding or anything in or on the holding, caused by non-fulfilment by the tenant of his responsibilities to farm in accordance with the rules of good husbandry.

(2) The amount of the compensation payable under the foregoing subsection shall be the cost, as at the date of the tenant’s quitting the holding, of making good the dilapidation, deterioration or damage.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the landlord may, in lieu of claiming compensation under subsection (1) of tins section, claim compensation in respect of matters specified therein under and in accordance with a lease in writing, so however that—

(a) compensation shall be so claimed only on the tenant’s quitting the holding on the termination of the tenancy;

(b) compensation shall not be claimed in respect of any one holding both under such a lease and under the said subsection (1);

and for the purposes of paragraph of this subsection any claim under subsection (1) of section six of this Act shall be disregarded.

58. Where, on the quitting of an agricultural holding by a tenant thereof on the termination of the tenancy, the landlord shows that the value of the holding generally has been reduced, whether by reason of any such dilapidation, deterioration or damage as is mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section or otherwise by non-fulfilment by the tenant of his responsibilities to farm in accordance with the rules of good husbandry, the landlord shall be entitled to recover from the tenant compensation therefor, in so far as the landlord is not compensated therefor under subsection (1) of that section or in accordance with subsection (3) thereof, of an amount equal to the decrease attributable thereto in the value of the holding.

59. —(1) Compensation shall not be recoverable under subsection (1) of section fifty-seven of -this Act or under section fifty-eight thereof unless the landlord has, not later than three months before the termination of the tenancy, given notice in writing to the tenant of his intention to claim compensation thereunder.

(2) Compensation shall not be recoverable—

(a) under subsection (1) of section fifty-seven of this Act or under section fifty-eight thereof in any case where

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75 1587

(i Scotland) Act, 1949

the lease was entered into after the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, or

(b) under and in accordance with any lease entered into on or after the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, unless during the occupancy of the tenant a record of the condition of the fixed equipment on, and the cultivation of, the holding has been made under section seventeen of this Act, or in respect of any matter arising before the date of the record so made, or, where more than one such record has been made during his occupancy, before the date of the first such record:

Provided that if the landlord and the tenant enter into an agreement in writing in that behalf, a record of the condition of the holding shall, notwithstanding that it was made during the occupancy of a previous tenant, be deemed, for the purposes of this subsection, to have been made during the occupancy of the tenant and on such date as may be specified in the agreement and shall have effect subject to such modifications (if any> as may be so specified.

(3) Where the tenant has remained in his holding during two or more tenancies, his landlord shall not be deprived of his right to compensation under section fifty-seven or section fifty-eight of this Act in respect of any dilapidation, deterioration or damage by reason only that the tenancy during which an act or omission occurred which in whole or in part caused the dilapidation, deterioration or damage was a tenancy other than the tenancy at the termination of which the tenant quits the holding.

Supplementary provisions with respect to compensation 60.—(1) Where— Compensation

(a) the tenancy of part of an agricultural holding terminates of

by reason of such a notice to quit as is rendered valid ppiy to parts by section thirty-two of this Act; or of holdings in

(b) the landlord of an agricultural holding resumes certain cases, possession of part of the holding in pursuance of a provision in that behalf contained in the lease; the provisions of this Act with respect to compensation shall apply as- if that part of the holding were a separate holding which the tenant had quitted in consequence of a notice to quit:

Provided that, in a case falling within paragraph (b) of this section, the arbiter, in assessing the amount of compensation payable to the tenant, shall take into account any benefit or relief allowed to the tenant under the lease in respect of the land possession of which is resumed by the landlord.

(2) Where any land comprised in a lease is not an agricultural holding within the meaning of this Act by reason only that the land so comprised includes land (in this subsection referred to

3P2

1588

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Determination of claims for compensation where holding is divided.

Adjustment of compensation in respect of ploughing grants.

Compensation not to be payable for things done in compliance with this Act.

as "non-statutory land") which, owing to the nature of the buildings thereon or the use to which it is put, would not, if it had been separately let, be an agricultural holding within the meaning of this Act, the provisions of this Act with respect to compensation for improvements and for disturbance shall, unless it is otherwise agreed in writing, apply to the part of the land exclusive of the non-statutory land as if that part were a separate agricultural holding.

61. Where an agricultural holding has become vested in more than one person in several parts and the rent payable by the tenant of the holding has not been apportioned with his consent or under any statute, the tenant shall be entitled to require that any compensation payable to him under this Act shall be determined as if the holding had not been divided; and the arbiter shall, where necessary, apportion the amount awarded between the persons.*who for the purposes of this Act together constitute the landlord of the holding, and any additional expenses of the award caused by the apportionment shall be directed by the arbiter to be paid by those persons in such proportions as he shall determine.

62. In assessing the amount of compensation payable, whether under this Act or under custom or agreement, to the tenant of an agricultural holding comprising land in respect of which a payment in respect of a ploughing grant under Part IV of the Agricultural Development Act, 1939, has been made to the tenant, or has been or is to be applied for by him, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the person assessing the compensation that the improvement or cultivations in respect of which the compensation is claimed was wholly or in part the result of or incidental to the operations by virtue of which the land became eligible for the grant, the grant shall be taken into account as if it had been a benefit allowed to the tenant in consideration of his carrying out the improvement or cultivations, and the compensation shall be reduced to such extent as that person considers appropriate.

63. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Act or any custom or agreement—

(a) no compensation shall be payable to the tenant of an

agricultural holding in respect of anything done in pursuance of an order under paragraph (ii) of section nine of this Act;

(b) in assessing compensation to an outgoing tenant of an

agricultural holding where land has been ploughed up in pursuance of a direction under that section, the value per acre of any tenant’s pasture comprised in the holding shall be taken not to exceed the average value per acre of the whole of the tenant's pasture comprised in the holding on the termination of the tenancy.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(iScotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1589

In this subsection the expression "tenant’s pasture" means pasture laid down at the expense of the tenant or paid for by the tenant on entering the holding.

(2) The tenant of an agricultural holding shall not be entitled to any compensation for an old improvement specified in Part III of the Second Schedule to this Act or in Part III of the Third Schedule thereto or a new improvement specified in Part III of the First Schedule thereto, being an improvement carried out for the purposes of the proviso to subsection (1) of section thirty-five of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, or of the proviso to subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act.

64,—(1) Save as expressly provided in this Act, in any case for Extent to which, apart from this section, the provisions of this Act provide which for compensation a tenant or a landlord shall be entitled to C^P^rable°n compensation in accordance with these provisions and not otherwise, and shall be so entitled notwithstanding any agreement to agreements, the contrary:

Provided that where the landlord and the tenant of an agricultural holding enter into an agreement in writing for any such variation of the terms of the lease as could be made by direction or order under section nine of this Act, the agreement may provide for the exclusion of compensation in like manner as under subsection (1) of section sixty-three of this Act.

(2) Nothing in the said provisions, apart from this section, shall be construed as disentitling a tenant or a landlord to compensation in any case for which the said provisions do not provide for compensation, but a claim for compensation in any such case as aforesaid shall not be enforceable except under an agreement in writing.

Special provisions affecting market gardens as regards compensation and fixtures

65.—(1) In the case of an agricultural holding in respect of Effectof which it is agreed by an agreement in writing made on or after f^reataii the first day of January, eighteen hundred and ninety-eight, agricultural that the holding shall be let or treated as a market garden— holding as

(a) the provisions of this Act shall apply as if improvements a n\arket of a kind specified in the Fourth Schedule thereto gar en' begun before the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, were included among the improvements specified in Part III of the Second Schedule thereto, as if improvements of such a kind begun on or after that day and before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, were included among the improvements specified in Part III of the Third Schedule thereto, and as if improvements

1590

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

of such a kind begun on or after the said first day of November were included among the improvements specified in Part III of the First Schedule thereto;

(b) section fourteen of this Act shall extend to every fixture

or building affixed or erected by the tenant to or upon the holding or acquired by him since the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred, for the purposes of his trade or business as a market gardener;

(c) it shall be lawful for the tenant to remove all fruit trees

and fruit bushes planted by him on the holding and not permanently set out, but if the tenant does not remove such fruit trees and fruit bushes before the termination of his tenancy they shall remain the property of the landlord and the tenant shall not be entitled to any compensation in respect thereof; and

<i d)the right of an incoming tenant to claim compensation in respect of the whole or part of an improvement which he has purchased may be exercised although the landlord has not consented in writing to the purchase.

(2) Where under a lease current on the first day of January, eighteen hundred and ninety-eight, an agricultural holding was at that date in use or cultivation as a market garden with the knowledge of the landlord, and the tenant thereof had then carried out thereon, without having received previously to the carrying out thereof a written notice of dissent from the landlord, an improvement of the kind specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act (other than one consisting of such an alteration of a building as did not constitute an enlargement thereof) the provisions of this section shall apply in respect of the holding as if it had been agreed in writing after that date that the holding should be let or treated as a market garden, so however that the improvements in respect of which compensation is payable under those provisions as so applied shall include improvements carried out before as well as improvements carried out after that date:

Provided that where such tenancy was a tenancy from year to year, the compensation payable in respect of such an improvement as aforesaid shall be such Gf any) as could have been claimed if this Act had not passed.

(3) Where the land to which such agreement relates or so used and cultivated, consists of part of an agricultural holding only, this section shall apply as if that part were a separate holding.

(4) Nothing in this section shall confer a right to compensation for the alteration of a building (not being an alteration constituting an enlargement of the building) where the alteration was begun before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75 1591

(Scotland) Act, 1949

66.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the Power of tenant of an agricultural holding intimates to the landlord in Secretary of

writing his desire to carry out on the holding or any part thereof default

an improvement specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, °0 and the landlord refuses, or within a reasonable time fails, to agricultural agree in writing that the holding, or that part thereof, shall be holding as a treated as a market garden, the Secretary of State may, on the market garden, application of the tenant and after affording to the landlord and to the tenant an opportunity to make representations to the Secretary of State, whether in writing or on being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State, and after being satisfied that the holding or that part thereof is suitable for the purposes of market gardening, direct that die last foregoing section shall, either in respect of all the improvements specified in the said Fourth Schedule or in respect of some only of those improvements, apply to the folding or to that part thereof, and the said section shall apply accordingly as respects any improvement carried out after die date on which the direction is given.

(2) Where a direction is given under the foregoing subsection, then, if the tenancy is terminated by notice to quit given by the tenant or by reason of the tenant becoming notour bankrupt or executing a trust deed for behoof of his creditors, the tenant shall not be entitied to compensation in respect of improvements specified in the direction unless the tenant not later than one month after the date on which the notice to quit is given or the date of the bankruptcy or the execution of the trust deed, as the case may be, or such later date as may be agreed, produces to the landlord an offer in writing by a substantial and otherwise suitable person (being an offer which is to hold good for a period of three months from the date on which it is produced) to accept a tenancy of the holding from the termination of the existing tenancy thereof, and on the terms and conditions of that tenancy so far as applicable, and, subject as hereinafter provided, to pay to the outgoing tenant all compensation payable under this Act or under the lease, and the landlord fails to accept the offer within three months after the production thereof.

(3) If the landlord accepts any such offer as aforesaid, the incoming tenant shall pay to the landlord on demand all sums payable to him by the outgoing tenant on the termination of the tenancy in respect of rent or breach of contract or otherwise in respect of the holding, and any amount so paid may, subject to any agreement between the Outgoing tenant and incoming tenant, be deducted by the incoming tenant from any compensation payable by him to the outgoing tenant.

(4) A direction under subsection (1) of this section may be given subject to such conditions, if any, for the protection of the landlord as the Secretary of State may think fit to attach to

1592

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

the direction, and, without prejudice to the generality of this subsection, where the direction relates to part only of the holding, the direction may, on the application of the landlord, be given subject to the condition that the tenant shall consent to the division of the holding into two parts (one such part being the part to which the direction relates) to be held at rents agreed by the landlord and tenant or in default of agreement determined by arbitration, but otherwise on the same terms and conditions (so far as applicable) as those on which the holding is held.

(5) A new tenancy created by the acceptance of a tenant in accordance with the provisions of this section on the terms and conditions of the existing tenancy shall be deemed for the purposes of section seven of this Act not to be a new tenancy.

Agreements as 67.—(I) Where an agreement in writing secures to the tenant

to compensa- of an agricultural holding for an improvement for which compensation is payable by virtue of either of the two last foregoing sections fair and reasonable compensation, having regard to the circumstances existing at the time of making the agreement, the compensation so secured shall, as respects that improvement, be substituted for compensation under this Act.

tion relating to market gardens.

(2) The landlord and the tenant of an agricultural holding who have agreed that the holding shall be let or treated as a market garden may by agreement in writing substitute, for the provisions as to compensation which would otherwise be applicable to the holding, the provisions as to compensation set out in subsections (2) and (3) of the last foregoing section.

Settlement of claims between landlord and tenant on termination

of tenancy

Settlement of 68.—(1) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Act,

claims by any claim of whatever nature by the tenant or the landlord of arbitration. an agricultural holding against his landlord or his tenant, being a claim which arises—

(a) under this Act or any custom or agreement, and

(b) on or out of the termination of the tenancy of the

holding or part thereof, shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be determined by arbitration.

(2) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Act, no such claim as aforesaid shall be enforceable unless before the expiration of two months from the termination of the tenancy the claimant has served notice in writing on his landlord or his tenant, as the case may be, of his intention to make the claim.

A notice under this subsection shall specify the nature of the claim, and it shall be a sufficient specification thereof if the notice refers to the statutory provision, custom, or term of an agreement under which the claim is made.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1593

(3) The landlord and the tenant may within the period of four months from the termination of the tenancy by agreement in writing settle any such claim as aforesaid, and the Secretary of State may upon the application of the landlord or the tenant made within that period extend the said period by two months and, on a second such application made during these two months, by a further two months.

(4) Where before the expiration of the said period and any extension thereof under the last foregoing subsection any such claim as aforesaid has not been settled, the claim shall cease to be enforceable unless before the expiration of one month from the end of the said period and any such extension, or within such longer time as the Secretary of State may in special circumstances allow, an arbiter has been appointed by agreement between the landlord and the tenant under the provisions of this Act in that behalf or an application for the appointment of an arbiter under those provisions has been made by the landlord or the tenant.

(5) Where a tenant lawfully remains in occupation of part of an agricultural holding after the termination of a tenancy, references in subsections (2) and (3) of this section to the termination thereof shall be construed as references to the termination of the occupation.

(6) This section shall not apply to a claim arising on or out of the termination of a tenancy before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

Recovery of sums due under this Act

69. Any award or agreement under this Act as to compensa- Recovery of tion, expenses or otherwise may, if any sum payable thereunder compensation is not paid within one month after the date on which it becomes *nd other sums payable, be recorded for execution in the books of council and due* session or in the sheriff court books, and shall be enforceable in

like manner as a recorded decree arbitral.

70. —(1) Where on or after the first day of November, nine- Power of

teen hundred and forty-eight, any sum has become payable to the tenant to tenant of an agricultural holding in respect of compensation by obtain charge the landlord and the landlord has failed to discharge his liability m

therefor within one month after the date on which the sum compensation, became payable, the Secretary of State may, on the application

of the tenant and after giving not less than fourteen days’ notice of his intention so to do to the landlord, create, where the landlord is the absolute owner of the holding, a charge on the holding, or where the landlord is the lessee of the holding under a lease recorded under the Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act,

1857, a charge on the lease for the payment of the sum due.

1594 Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(2) For the purpose of creating a charge under this section for the payment of any sum due, the. Secretary of State may make in favour of the tenant a charging order charging and burdening the holding or the lease, as the case may be, with an annuity to repay the sum due together with the expenses of obtaining the charging order and recording it in die appropriate Register of Sasines; and the provisions of subsection (2) and subsections (4) to (10) of section fifty-five of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946, shall, with the following and any other necessary modifications, apply to any such charging order—

(a) for any reference to the local authority there shall be

substituted a reference to the Secretary of State;

(b) for any reference to the period of thirty years there shall

be substituted a reference to such period (not exceeding

thirty years) as the Secretary of State may determine;

(c) for references to Part III of the said Act of 1946 there

shall be substituted references to this Act.

(3) The creation of a charge on a holding or the lease of a holding under this section shall not be deemed to be a contravention of any prohibition against charging or burdening contained in the deed or instrument under which the holding is held.

Supplementary provisions

Representa- 71.—(1) Any enactment in this Act providing, in relation to

fions to the the taking of any action by the Secretary of State, for his taking

State 17 ° action after affording to a person an opportunity of making

representations to the Secretary of State, whether in writing or on being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State, shall be construed as a provision that the Secretary of State shall comply with the following requirements.

(2) The Secretary of State shall give notice to the said person specifying the action proposed to be taken and informing him of the effect of the three following subsections.

(3) If within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner the said person makes representations to the Secretary of State in writing, the Secretary of State shall not take the action in question until he has considered the representations.

(4) If, whether or not representations are made to the Secretary of State in writing, the said person within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner requires that an opportunity be afforded to him of being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose, such an opportunity shall be afforded to him and, on the same occasion, to any other person to whom under the enactment referred to in subsection

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1595

(1) of this section the Secretary of State is required to afford such an opportunity, and the Secretary of State shall not take the action in question until he has considered any representations made at the hearing.

(5) No officer or servant of an Agricultural Executive Committee or of any sub-committee thereof shall be appointed under the last foregoing subsection to receive representations relating to land in the area of the Committee.

72. —(1) In any case where by any of the provisions of this References to Act a person is empowered to require that a proposal of the J!?e Land Secretary of State to take any action shall be referred to the Court-Land Court, then, if within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner the said person so requires, the proposal shall be

referred accordingly.

(2) On any such reference the Land Court shall determine—

(a) whether the conditions as to which the Secretary of State must be satisfied before taking the action are fulfilled, and

(b) whether, having regard to their determination under the foregoing paragraph and to all the circumstances of the case, the Secretary of State should or should not take the action proposed, and shall report to the Secretary of State accordingly; and the Secretary of State shall forward a copy of the report to any person who availed himself of an opportunity to make representations to the Secretary of State afforded to him under the provisions in question of this Act.

(3) In any such case as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section the Secretary of State shall not give effect to the proposal until the expiration of the period within which a reference to the Land Court may be required.

(4) Where such a reference is duly required, the Secretary of State shall act in accordance with the report of the Land Court and not otherwise.

(5) Forthwith after taking action in any such case as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the Secretary of State shall serve notice thereof in writing on any person who under the provisions in question of this Act was entitled to be afforded an opportunity to make representations to the Secretary of State.

73. The provisions of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, Proceedings of .1886 to 1931, with regard to the Land Court shall, with any ^and necessary modifications, apply for the purpose of the determina- Cou *

tion of any matter which they are required by or under this Acl

1596

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Ch. 75

to determine, in like manner as those provisions apply for the purpose of the determination by the Land Court of matters referred to them under those Acts.

Matters to be referred to arbitration.

74. Save as otherwise expressly provided in this Act, any question or difference of any kind whatsoever between the landlord and the tenant of an agricultural holding arising out of the tenancy or in connection with the holding (not being a question or difference as to liability for rent) shall, whether such question or difference arises during the currency or on the termination of the tenancy, be determined by arbitration.

Provisions as 75.—(i) Any matter which by or under this Act, or by regu-

to arbitrations. iations made thereunder, or under the lease of an agricultural holding is required to be determined by arbitration shall, whether the matter arose before or after the passing of this Act, be determined, notwithstanding any agreement under the lease or otherwise providing for a different method of arbitration, by a single arbiter in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act, and the Arbitration (Scotland) Act, 1894, shall not apply to any such arbitration.

(2) The Secretary of State may by rules make such provision . as he thinks desirable for expediting, or reducing the expenses

. of, proceedings on arbitrations under this ^ct:

Provided that the Secretary of State shall not make rules inconsistent with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act.

(3) The power conferred by the last foregoing subsection on the Secretary of State shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) This section and the last foregoing section shall not apply to valuations of sheep stocks, dung, fallow, straw, crops, fences and other specific things the property of an out-going tenant, agreed under a lease to be taken over from him at the termination of a tenancy by the landlord or the incoming tenant, or to any questions which it may be necessary to determine in order to ascertain the sum to be paid in pursuance of such agreement, and that whether such valuations and questions are referred to arbitration under the lease or not.

Constitution 76.—(1) Such number of persons as may be appointed by the

of Panel of Lord President of the Court of Session, after consultation with provfsklnsas to Secretary of State, shall form a panel of persons from whom remuneration any arbiter appointed, otherwise than by agreement, for the of arbiter. purposes of an arbitration under and in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall be selected.

(2) The panel of arbiters constituted under the foregoing subsection shall be subject to revision by the Lord President of the

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1597

Court of Session, after such consultation as aforesaid, at such intervals not exceeding five years, as the Lord President and the Secretary of State may from time to time agree.

(3) The remuneration of an arbiter appointed as aforesaid by the Secretary .of State shall be such amount as is fixed by the Secretary of State, and the remuneration of an arbiter appointed by the parties to any such arbitration shall, in default of agreement between those parties and the arbiter, be such amount as, on the application of the arbiter or of either of the parties, is fixed by die auditor of the sheriff court, subject to appeal to the sheriff.

(4) The remuneration of an arbiter, when agreed or fixed under this section, shall be recoverable by the arbiter as a debt due from either of the parties to the arbitration, and any amount paid in respect of the remuneration of the arbiter by either of those parties in excess of the amount (if any) directed by the award to be paid by him in respect of the expenses of the award shall be recoverable from the other party to the arbitration.

77. Where the Secretary of State is a party to any question Appointment or difference which under this Act is to be determined by of arbiter in arbitration or by an arbiter appointed in accordance with the SJselJ^c'^h provisions of this Act, the arbiter shall, in lieu of being ofcstate js 17 appointed by the Secretary of State, be appointed by the Land a party.

Court, and the remuneration of the arbiter so appointed shall

be such amount as may be fixed by the Land Court.

78. Any question or difference between the landlord and the Determination tenant of an agricultural holding which by or under this Act of questions or under the lease is required to be determined by arbitration by Land Court may, if the landlord and the tenant so agree, in lieu of being ^itrafion determined in pursuance of subsection (1) of section seventy-

five of this Act be determined by the Land Court, and the Land Court shall, on the joint application of the landlord and the tenant, determine such question or difference accordingly.

79. —(1) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with Power of persons appearing to him to represent the interests of land- Secretary of lords and tenants of agricultural holdings, by order vary the to vary provisions of the First and Fourth Schedules to this Act. Fourth

(2) An order under this section may make such provision as Schedules to the operation of this Act in relation to tenancies current when to this Act* the order takes effect as appears to the Secretary of State to be just having regard to the variation of the said Schedules effected by the order:

Provided that nothing in any order made under this section shall affect the right of a tenant to claim, in respect of an improvement made or begun before the date on which such order takes effect, any compensation to which, but for the making of the order, he would have been entitled.

1598

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Power of limited owners to give consents, etc.

Power of heir of entail to apply entailed moneys for improvements.

Power of landlord to obtain charge on holding in respect of compensation, etc.

paid by him.

(3) An order under this section shall be embodied in a statutory instrument which shall be of no effect unless approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

80. The landlord of an agricultural holding, whatever may be his estate or interest in the holding, may for the purposes of this Act give any consent, make any agreement, or do or have done to him any act which he might give or make or do or have done to him if he were absolute owner of the holding.

81. The price of any entailed land sold under the provisions of the Entail Acts, when such price is entailed estate within the meaning of those Acts, may be applied by the heir of entail in respect of the remaining portion of the entailed estate, or in respect of any other estate belonging to him and entailed upon the same series of heirs, in payment of any expenditure and expenses incurred by him in pursuance of this Act in carrying out or paying compensation for any old improvement specified in Part 1 or Part II of the Second or Third Schedule to this Act or any new improvement specified in Part I or Part II of the First Schedule thereto, or in discharge of any charge with which the estate is burdened in pursuance of this Act in respect of such an improvement.

82. —(1) Where on or after the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, the landlord of an agricultural holding, not being the absolute owner of the holding, has paid to the tenant of the holding the amount due to him under this Act, or under custom or agreement, or otherwise, in respect of compensation for an old or a new improvement or in respect of compensation for disturbance, or has himself defrayed the cost of an improvement proposed to be executed by the tenant, the Secretary of State may, on the application of the landlord and after giving not less than fourteen days notice to the absolute owner of the holding, make in favour of the landlord a charging order charging and burdening the holding with an annuity to repay the amount of the compensation or of the cost of the improvement, as the case may be, together with the expenses of obtaining the charging order and recording it in the appropriate Register of Sasines; and the provisions of subsections (2) and (4) and of subsections (6) to (10) of section fifty-five of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946, shall, with the following and any other necessary modifications, apply to any such charging order—

(a) for any reference to the local authority there shall be

substituted a reference to the Secretary of State;

(b) for any reference to the period of thirty years there shall

be substituted in the case of a charging order made in respect of compensation for, or of the cost of, an

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75 1599

C Scotland) Act, 1949

improvement a reference to the period within which the improvement will, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, have become exhausted;

(c) for references to Part III of the said Act of 1946 there shall be substituted references to this Act.

(2) An annuity constituted a charge by a charging order recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines shall be a charge on the holding specified in the order and shall rank after all prior charges heritably secured thereon.

(3) The creation of a charge on a holding under this section shall not be deemed to be a contravention of any prohibition against charging or burdening contained in the deed or instrument under which the holding is held.

83. Any company now or hereafter incorporated by Parlia-Power of land ment or incorporated under the Companies Act, 1948, and improvement having power to advance money for the improvement of land, ^mpanies or for the cultivation and farming of land, may make an advance money^* of money upon a charging order duly made and recorded under

this Act, on such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon between the company and the person entitled to the order.

84. Where the landlord or the tenant of an agricultural hold- Appointment ing is a pupil or a minor or is of unsound mind, not having a

tutor, curator or other guardian, the sheriff, on the application tenants of any person interested, may appoint to him, for the purposes certain cases, of this Act, a tutor or a curator, and may recall the appointment and appoint another tutor or curator if and as occasion requires.

85. It shall be no objection to any consent in writing or validity of agreement in writing under this Act signed by the parties thereto consents, etc. or by any persons authorised by them that the consent or agreement has not been executed in accordance with the enactments regulating the execution of deeds in Scotland.

Provisions as to Crown land

86. —(1) This Act shall apply to land belonging to His Majesty Application in right of the Crown, subject to such modifications as may be of Act to prescribed; and for the purposes of this Act the Commissioners Crown ,and* of Crown Lands or other the proper officer or body having

charge of the land for the time being, or if there is no such officer or body, such person as His Majesty may appoint in writing under the Royal Sign Manual, shall represent His Majesty and shall be deemed to be the landlord.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the foregoing subsection it is hereby declared that the provisions of this Act apply to land notwithstanding that the interest of the landlord or the

1600

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Determination of matters relating to holdings of which the Secretary of State is landlord or tenant.

Expenses and receipts.

Provisions as to entry and inspection.

tenant thereof belongs to a government department or is held on behalf‘of His Majesty for the purposes of any government department; but in their application to any land belonging, or an interest in which is held as aforesaid, the said provisions shall have effect subject to such modifications as may be prescribed.

(3) Section fifteen of the Crown Lands Act, 1927 (which enables the Commissioners of Crown Lands to pay out of capital the cost of carrying out certain improvements and other works) shall apply to compensation payable by them under this Act for new improvements specified in Part I or Part II of the First Schedule thereto or for improvements specified in paragraph 1,

2 or 5 of the Fourth Schedule thereto begun on or after the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, as it applies to the cost specified in the said section fifteen, and any compensation payable under this Act by the said Commissioners for old improvements specified in Part III of the Second Schedule to this Act or in Part III of the Third Schedule thereto or for new improvements specified in Part III of the First Schedule to this Act shall be paid as part of the expenses of the management of the land revenues of the Crown.

87.—(1) Any section of this Act under which any matter is referred to the decision of the Secretary of State shall, in its application to an agricultural holding of which the Secretary of State is himself the landlord or the tenant, have effect with the substitution of the Land Court for the Secretary of State, and any provision in any such section for an appeal to an arbiter from the decision of the Secretary of State shall not apply.

(2) The provisions of this Act shall, in their application to any arbitration with regard to an agricultural holding of which the Secretary of State is himself the landlord or the tenant, have effect with the substitution of the Land Court for the Secretary of State.

General

8g.—(i) All expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament

(2) All sums received by the Secretary of State under this Act, including sums received on his behalf by any person or body of persons exercising functions on behalf of the Secretary of State, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

89.—(1) Any person authorised by the Secretary of State in that behalf shall have power at all reasonable times to enter on and inspect any land for the purpose of determining whether, and if so in what manner, any of the powers conferred on the Secretary of State by this Act are to be exercised in relation to the land, or whether, and if so in what manner, any direction given under any such power has been complied with.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1601

(2) Any person authorised by the Secretary of State who proposes to exercise any power of entry or inspection conferred by this Act s(iall, if so required, produce some duly authenticated document showing his authority to exercise the power.

(3) Admission to any land used for residential purposes shall not be demanded as of right in the exercise of any such power as aforesaid unless twenty-four hours notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier of the land.

(4) Save as provided by the last foregoing subsection, admission to any land shall not be demanded as of right in the exercise of any such power as aforesaid unless notice has been given to the occupier of the land that it is proposed to enter during a period, specified in the notice, not exceeding fourteen days and beginning at least twenty-four hours after the giving of the notice and the entry is made on the land during the period specified in the notice.

(5) Any person who obstructs any person authorised by the Secretory of State exercising any such power as aforesaid shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds in the case of a first offence or twenty pounds in the case of a second or any subsequent offence.

90.—(1) Any notice or other document required or authorised Service of by or under this Act to be given to or served on any person shall etc be duly given or served if it is delivered to him, or left at his proper address, or sent to him by post in a registered letter.

(2) Any such document required or authorised to be given to or served on an incorporated company or body shall be duly given or served if given to or served on the secretary or clerk of the company or body.

(3) For the purposes of this section and of section twenty-six of the Interpretation Act, 1889, the proper address of any person to or on whom any such document as aforesaid is to be given or served shall, in the case of the secretory or clerk of any incorporated company or body, be that of the registered or principal office of the company or body, and in any other case be the last known address of the person in question.

(4) Unless or until the tenant of an agricultural holding shall have received notice that the person theretofore entitled to receive the rents and profits of the holding (hereinafter referred to as " the original landlord ") has ceased to be so entitled, and also notice of the name and address of the person who has become entitled to receive such rents and profits, any notice or other document served on or delivered to the original landlord by the tenant shall be deemed to have been served on or delivered to the landlord of the holding.

1602

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Prohibition of appeal from sheriff substitute.

Revocation and variation of orders.

Interpretation.

91. Where any jurisdiction committed by this Act to the sheriff is exercised by the sheriff substitute, there shall be no appeal to the sheriff.

92. Any power conferred on the Secretary of State by this Act to make an order shall include a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions, to revoke or vary the order.

93. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" absolute owner" means the owner or person capable of disposing by disposition or otherwise of the fee simple or dominium utile of the whole interest of or in land, although the land, or his interest therein, is burdened, charged, or encumbered;

" agricultural holding " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

44agricultural unit*' means land which is an agricultural unit for the purposes of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948;

44 agriculture '* includes horticulture, fruit growing, seed growing, dairy farming and livestock breeding and keeping, the use of land as grazing land, meadow land, osier land, market gardens and nursery grounds, and the use of land for woodlands where that use is ancillary to the farming of land for other agricultural purposes, and 44 agricultural *’ shall be construed accordingly;

44 building " includes, any part of a building;

44 Defence Regulations" means Regulations made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940;

44fixed equipment" includes any building or structure affixed to land and any works on, in, over or under land, and also includes anything grown on land for a purpose other than use after severance from the land, consumption of the thing grown or of produce thereof, or amenity, and, without prejudice to the foregoing generality, includes the following things, that is to say—

(a) all permanent buildings, including farm houses and farm cottages, necessary for the proper conduct of the agricultural holding;

(b) all permanent fences, including hedges, stone dykes, gate posts and gates;

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1603

(c) all ditches, open drains and tile drains, conduits and culverts, ponds, sluices, flood banks and main water courses;

(d) stells, tanks, folds, dippers, pens and bughts necessary for the proper conduct of the holding;

(e) farm access or service roads, bridges and fords;

(/) water and sewerage systems;

ig) electrical installations including generating plant, fixed motors, wiring systems, switches and plug sockets;

(h) shelter belts;

and references to fixed equipment on land shall be construed accordingly;

" former enactment relating to agricultural holdings" means Part I of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, Part II of the Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931, the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, and any enactment repealed by the last-mentioned Act;

44 Land Court" means the Scottish Land Court;

44 landlord" means any person for the time being entitled to receive the rents and profits or to take possession of any agricultural holding, and includes the executor, administrator, assignee, heir-at-law, legatee, disponee, next-of-kin, guardian, curator bonis or trustee in bankruptcy, of a landlord;

44 lease" means a letting of land for a term of years, or for lives, or for lives tand years, or from year to year;

44 livestock " includes any creature kept for the production of food, wool, skins or fur, or for the purpose of its use in the farming of land;

44 market garden" means a holding, cultivated, wholly or mainly, for the purpose of the trade or business of market gardening;

44 new improvement " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section forty-seven of this Act;

44 old improvement " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section thirty-six of this Act;

44 1923 Act improvement " and 44 1931 Act improvement " have the meanings respectively assigned to them by subsection (1) of section thirty-six of this Act;

1604

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) vlcf, 1949

44 pasture ’* includes meadow;

4# prescribed *’ means prescribed by the Secretary of State by regulations made by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament;

44 produce includes anything (whether live or dead) produced in the course of agriculture;

44tenant* means the holder of land under a lease and includes the executor, administrator, assignee, heir-at-law, legatee, disponee, next-of-kin, guardian, curator , bonis, or trustee in bankruptcy, of a tenant;

44 termination *, in relation to a tenancy, means the termination of the lease by reason of effluxion of time or from any other cause;

44 Whitsunday ’* and 44 Martinmas in relation to any lease entered into on or after the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, mean respectively the twenty-eighth day of May and the twenty-eighth day of November.

(2) The provisions of the Fifth and Sixth Schedules to the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, (which have effect respectively for the purpose of determining for the purposes of that Act whether the owner of agricultural land is fulfilling his responsibilities to manage it in accordance with the rules of good estate management and whether the occupier of such land is fulfilling his responsibilities to farm it in accordance with the rules of good husbandry) shall have effect for the purposes of this Act as they have effect for the purposes of that Act.

(3) References in this Act to the farming of land include references to the carrying on in relation to the land of any agricultural activity.

(4) References in this Act to the use of land for agriculture include, in relation to land forming part of an agricultural unit, references to any use of the land in connection with the fanning . of the unit.

(5) References to the terms, conditions, or requirements of a lease of or of an agreement relating to an agricultural holding shall be construed as including references to any obligations, conditions or liabilities implied by the custom of the country in respect of the holding. 16

16) The designations of landlord and tenant shall continue to apply to the parties until the conclusion of any proceedings taken under or in pursuance of this Act in respect of compensation for improvements or under any agreement made in pursuance of this Act.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1605

(7) Anything which by or under this Act is required or authorised to be done by, to or in respect of the landlord or the tenant of an agricultural holding may be done by, to or in respect of any agent of the landlord or of the tenant.

94. The enactments specified in the Seventh Schedule to this Amendments

Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that of other Schedule. Acts-

95. —(1) References, in whatever terms, in any enactment. Construction other than an enactment contained in this Act, in the Agricul- of references tural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 and 1931, or in Part I of " 9^ Acts the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, to a holding within the definecP meaning of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, or by the

of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 to 1948, shall Agricultural be construed as references to an agricultural holding as defined Holdings by section one of this Act.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply to an enactment in so far as its operation is material for the purposes of the provisions of the said Acts of 1923 and 1931 or die said Act of 1948 to the extent to which they are excepted from the repeal of enactments effected by this Act.

96. The compensation in respect of an improvement made Improvements or begun before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and carried out nine (being the date of the commencement of the Agricultural 1909* Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1908), or made upon an agricultural

holding held under a lease, other than a lease from year to year, current on the first day of January, eighteen hundred and eighty-four, shall be such (if any) as could have been claimed if the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 to 1948, and this Act had not passed, but the procedure for the ascertainment and recovery thereof shall be such as is provided by this Act, and the amount so ascertained shall be payable, recoverable and chargeable as if it were compensation under this Act.

97. Subject to the provisions of the next following section. Repeal of the enactments specified in the first and second columns of the enactments. Eighth Schedule to .this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

98. In a case where the tenant of an agricultural holding has Provisions quitted the holding before the commencement of this Act, or as to tenants quits it after the commencement of this Act in consequence

of a notice to quit given (whether by him or his landlord) Act, before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty- or thereafter eight, or in consequence of a renunciation of the tenancy in in consequence pursuance-of an agreement in writing made before that day, the of notice provisions of this Act, so far as relating to the rights of land- before Ist lords and tenants to compensation (including the provisions November,

1948.

1606

General

savings.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

relating to the determination of compensation where a holding is divided, the apportionment of compensation in such a case and the payment of expenses caused by such an apportionment), and the payment and recovery of compensation shall not apply, and in lieu thereof the enactments specified in the Eighth Schedule to this Act, so far as relating to the matters aforesaid, shall continue to apply and shall accordingly be excepted from the operation of the last foregoing section.

99.—(1) Nothing in this Act shall affect any order, rule, regulation, record, appointment, application or complaint made, approval, consent or direction given, proceeding or assignation taken, notice served or given, certificate issued, condition imposed or thing done under a former enactment relating to agricultural holdings but any such order, rule, regulation, record, appointment, application, complaint, approval, consent, direction, proceeding, assignation, notice, certificate, condition, or thing which is in force at the commencement of this Act, shall continue in force, and so far as it could have been made, given, taken, served, issued, imposed or done under the corresponding provision of this Act shall (save where it is material only for the purposes of the enactments specified in the Eighth Schedule to this Act so far as continued in force by virtue of the last foregoing section) have effect as if it had been made, given, taken, served, issued, imposed or done under that corresponding provision:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any such regulations or directions as are mentioned in the two next following subsections.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect any regulations having effect for the purposes of section seventy-one or eighty of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, which are in force at the commencement of this Act, but any such regulations shall continue to have effect for those purposes and shall also have effect for the purposes of sections seventy-two or seventy-one of this Act, as the case may be, as if they had been made by virtue of those sections respectively.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall affect any direction given under subsection (1) of section five of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, or the corresponding provision of an enactment repealed by that Act, by the Board or the Department of Agriculture for Scotland or by the Secretary of State, but any such direction which is in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and shall (save where it is material only for the purposes of the enactments specified in the Eighth Schedule to this Act so far as continued in force by virtue of the last foregoing section) have effect as if it were a direction of the Secretary of State under subsection (1) of section sixty-six of this Act.

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75

(i Scotland) >4c/, 1949

(4) Any notice deemed to have been given by the Secretary of State under the Second Schedule to the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, shall be deemed to have been given under subsection (2) of section twenty-eight of this Act.

(5) Any provision of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, or Part I of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, or of any other enactment which (whatever its terms) has the effect of requiring a matter to be determined by arbitration under the said Act of 1923, shall be construed as having the effect of requiring that matter to be determined by arbitration under this Act, and an arbitration under the said Act of 1923 uncompleted at the commencement of this Act may be carried on and completed as if it had been begun under this Act:

Provided that, in the application of the Sixth Schedule to this Act to an arbitration for the purposes of the enactments specified in the Eighth Schedule to this Act so far as continued in force by virtue of the last foregoing section, paragraph 12 of the said Sixth Schedule shall have effect with the substitution, for references to this Act, of references to those enactments.

(6) Notwithstanding subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals) any reference which is or is to be construed as a reference to a former enactment relating to agricultural holdings or an enactment repealed by the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1908 (other than a reference in such an enactment or this Act or such a reference as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section ninety-five of this Act or adapted by the last foregoing subsection) shall, so far as the operation of the enactment in which the reference occurs is material for the purposes of the enactments specified in the Eighth Schedule to this Act so far as continued in force by virtue of the last foregoing section, be construed in like manner as if this Act had not passed, and otherwise shall (save where the context otherwise requires) be construed as a reference to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(7) Any document referring to a former enactment relating to agricultural holdings or an enactment repealed by the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1908, shall, so far as it or its operation is material for the purposes of the enactment specified in the Eighth Schedule to this Act so far as continued in force by virtue of the last foregoing section, be construed in like manner as if this Act had not passed, and otherwise shall be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(8) Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of the Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1922, or be construed as repealing—

(a) section twenty-six of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940 (which excludes the operation of

1607

1608

Saving for other rights, etc.

Short title and extent.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 and 1931, in relation to certain tenancies granted during the war period);

(b) section fifteen of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provi-

sions) Act, 1943 (which relieves occupiers of agricultural land from liabilities and loss of compensation resulting from directions given under Defence Regulations); or

(c) any enactment contained in Part II of the Agriculture

(Scotland) Act, 1948.

(9) Any person holding office or acting or serving under or by virtue of a former enactment relating to agricultural holdings shall continue to hold his office or to act or serve as if he had been appointed by or by virtue of the corresponding provision of this Act.

(10) Notwithstanding subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, rights to compensation conferred by this Act shall be in lieu of rights to compensation conferred by any former enactment relating to agricultural holdings.

(11) Save to the extent to which it is otherwise provided by subsections (6) and (10) of this section, the mention of particular matters in this section shall not be taken to affect the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889.

100. Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of section twelve and subsection (1) of section sixty-eight of this Act in particular, and to any other provision of this Act which otherwise expressly provides, nothing in this Act shall prejudicially affect any power, right or remedy of a landlord, tenant or other person, vested in or exercisable by him by virtue of any other Act or law, or under any custom of the country, or otherwise, in respect of a lease or other contract, or of any improvements, deteriorations, away-going crops, fixtures, tax, rate, teind, rent or other thing.

101. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949.

(2) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1609

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Improvements begun on or after 1st November, 1948, for

WHICH COMPENSATION MAY BE PAYABLE.

Part I.

Improvements to which consent of landlord is required.

1. Laying down of permanent pasture.

2. Making of water-meadows or works of irrigation.

3. Making of gardens.

4. Planting of orchards or fruit bushes.

5. Warping or weiring of land.

6. Making of embankments and sluices against floods.

7. Making or planting of osier beds.

8. Haulage or other work done by the tenant in aid of the carrying

out of any improvement made by the landlord for which the tenant is liable to pay increased rent.

Sections 11,47, 50, 51, 52, 53, 63, 65, 79, 81,

Part 11.

Improvements in respect of which notice to landlord

IS REQUIRED.

9. Land drainage.

10. Construction of silos.

11. Making or improvement of farm access or service roads, bridges

and fords.

12. Making or improvement of watercourses, ponds or wells, or of

works for the application of water power for agricultural or domestic purposes or for the supply of water for such purposes.

13. Making or removal of permanent fences, including hedges, stone

dykes and gates.

14. Reclaiming of waste land.

15. Renewal of embankments and sluices against floods.

16. Provision of stells, fanks, folds, dippers, pens and bughts neces-

sary for the proper conduct of the holding.

17. Provision or laying on of electric light or power, including the

provision of generating plant, fixed motors, wiring systems, switches and plug sockets.

3 O

1610

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

1st Sch. —com.

18. Erection, alteration or enlargement of buildings, and making or

improvement of permanent yards, loading banks and stocks.

19. Erection of hay or sheaf sheds, sheaf or grain drying racks, and

implement sheds.

20. Provision of fixed threshing mills, barn machinery and fixed

dairying plant.

21. Improvement of permanent pasture by cultivation and

re-seeding.

22. Provision of means of sewage disposal.

23. Repairs to fixed equipment, being equipment reasonably .

required for the efficient farming of the holding, other than repairs which the tenant is under an obligation to carry out

Part III.

Improvements in respect of which consent of, or

NOTICE TO, LANDLORD IS NOT REQUIRED.

24. Protecting fruit trees against animals.

25. Chalking of land.

26. Clay burning.

27. Claying of land.

28. Liming of land.

29. Marling of land.

30. Eradication of bracken, whins or broom growing on the holding

at the commencement of the tenancy and, in the case of arable land, removal of tree roots, boulders, stones or other like obstacles to cultivation.

31. Application to land of purchased manure (including artificial

manure).

32. Consumption on the holding of com (whether produced on the

holding or not) or of cake or other feeding stuff not produced on the holding by

(a) horses, cattle, sheep or pigs; or

(b) poultry folded on the land as part of a system of farming practised on the holding.

33. Laying down temporary pasture with clover, grass, lucerne,

sainfoin, or other seeds, sown more than two years prior to the termination of the tenancy, in so far as the value of the temporary pasture on the holding at the time of quitting exceeds the value of the temporary pasture on the holding at the commencement of the tenancy for which the tenant did not pay compensation.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

16U

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Sections 36, 39, 40, 41, 42, 44, 63, 65, 81, 86.

Improvements begun before 31st July, 1931, for which

COMPENSATION MAY BE PAYABLE.

Part I.

Improvements for which compensation is payable if consent

OF LANDLORD WAS OBTAINED TO THEIR EXECUTION.

1. Erection, alteration, or enlargement of buildings.

2. Formation of silos.

3. Laying down of permanent pasture.

4. Making and planting of osier beds.

5. Making of water meadows or works of irrigation.

6. Making of gardens.

7. Making or improvement of roads or bridges.

8. Making or improvement of watercourses, ponds, wells, or reser-

voirs, or of works for the application of water power or for supply of water for agricultural or domestic purposes.

9. Making or removal of permanent fences.

10. Planting of hops.

11. Planting of orchards or fruit bushes.

12. Protecting young fruit trees.

13. Reclaiming of waste land.

14. Warping or weiring of land.

15. Embankments and sluices against floods.

16. Erection of wirework in hop gardens.

17. Provision of permanent sheep dipping accommodation.

18. In the case of arable land the removal of bracken, gorse, tree

roots, boulders, or other like obstructions to cultivation.

Improvement for which compensation is payable if notice

WAS GIVEN TO LANDLORD BEFORE EXECUTION THEREOF.

19. Drainage.

Improvements for which compensation is payable without

CONSENT OF, OR NOTICE TO, LANDLORD OF THEIR EXECUTION.

20. Chalking of land.

21. Clay-burning.

22. Claying of land or spreading blaes upon land.

23. Liming of land.

Part II.

Part III.

3 G 2

1612

2nd Sch. —cont.

Sections 36, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 63, 65, 81, 86.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(i Scotland) Act, 1949

24. Marling of land.

25. Application to land of purchased artificial or other purchased

manure.

26. Consumption on the holding by cattle, sheep, or pigs, or by

horses other than those regularly employed on the holding, of com, cake, or other feeding stuff not produced on the holding.

27. Consumption on the holding by cattle, sheep, or pigs, or by

horses other than those regularly employed on the holding, of com proved by satisfactory evidence to have been produced and consumed on the holding.

28. Laying down temporary pasture with clover, grass, lucerne,

sainfoin, or other seeds, sown more than two years prior to the termination of the tenancy, in so far as the value of the temporary pasture on the holding at the time of quitting exceeds the value of the temporary pasture on the holding at the commencement of the tenancy for which the tenant did not pay compensation.

29. Repairs to buildings, being buildings necessary for the proper

cultivation or working of the holding, other than repairs which the tenant is himself under an obligation to execute.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Improvements begun on or after 31st July, 1931, and before 1st November, 1948, for which compensation may be payable.

Part I.

Improvements for which compensation is payable if consent

OF LANDLORD WAS OBTAINED TO THEIR EXECUTION.

1. Erection, alteration, or enlargement of buildings.

2. Laying down of permanent pasture.

3. Making and planting of osier beds.

4. Making of water meadows or works of irrigation.

5. Making of gardens.

6. Planting of orchards or fruit bushes.

7. Protecting young fruit trees.

8. Warping or weiring of land.

9. Making of embankments and sluices against floods.

Part II.

Improvements for which compensation is payable if notice

WAS GIVEN TO LANDLORD BEFORE EXECUTION THEREOF.

10. Drainage.

11. Formation of silos.

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 75

1613

12. Making or improvement of roads or bridges.

13. Making or improvement of watercourses, ponds or wells, or

of works for the application of water power or for the supply of water for agricultural or domestic purposes.

14. Making or removal of permanent fences.

15. Reclaiming of waste land.

16. Repairing or renewal of embankments and sluices against

floods.

17. Provision of sheep dipping accommodation.

18. The provision of electrical equipment other than moveable

fittings and appliances.

3rd Sch. —cont.

Part III.

Improvements for which compensation is payable without

CONSENT OF, OR NOTICE TO, LANDLORD OF THEIR EXECUTION.

19. Chalking of land.

20. Clay-burning.

21. Claying of land or spreading blaes upon land.

22. Liming of land.

23. Marling of land.

24. Eradication of bracken, whins, or gorse growing on the holding

at the commencement of a tenancy and in the case of arable land the removal of tree roots, boulders, stones or other like obstacles to cultivation.

25. Application to land of purchased artificial or other purchased

manure.

26. Consumption on the holding by cattle, sheep, or pigs, or by

horses other than those regularly employed on the holding, of com, cake, or other feeding stuff not produced on the holding.

27. Consumption on the holding by cattle, sheep, or pigs, or by

horses other than those regularly employed on the holding, of com proved by satisfactory evidence to have been produced and consumed on the holding.

28. Laying down temporary pasture with clover, grass, lucerne,

sainfoin, or other seeds, sown more than two years prior to the termination of the tenancy, in so far as the value of the temporary pasture on the holding at the time of quitting exceeds the value of the temporary pasture on the holding at the commencement of the tenancy for which the tenant did not pay compensation.

-29. Repairs to buildings, being buildings necessary for the proper cultivation or working of the holding, other than repairs which the tenant is himself under an obligation to execute.

1614

Sections 65, 66, 79, 86.

Section 4.

Ch. 75 Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Market garden improvements for which compensation may

BE PAYABLE.

1. Planting of standard or other fruit trees permanently set out

2. Planting of fruit bushes permanently set out.

3. Planting of strawberry plants.

4. Planting of asparagus, rhubarb, and other vegetable crops which

continue productive for two or more years.

5. Erection, alteration or enlargement of buildings for the purpose

of the trade or business of a market gardener.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Matters for which provision is to be madb in written

LEASES.

1. The names of the parties.

2. Particulars of the holding with sufficient description, by reference to a map or plan, of the fields and other parcels of land comprised therein to identify the extent of the holding.

3. The term or terms for which the holding or different parts thereof is or are agreed to be let.

4. The rent and the dates on which it is payable.

5. An undertaking by the landlord in the event of damage by fire to any building comprised in the holding to reinstate or replace the building if its reinstatement or replacement is required for the fulfilment of his responsibilities to manage the holding in accordance with the rules of good estate management, and (except where the interest of the landlord is held for the purposes of a government department or a person representing His Majesty under section eighty-six of this Act is deemed to be the landlord, or where the landlord has made provision approved by the Secretary of State for defraying the cost of any such reinstatement or replacement as aforesaid) an undertaking by the landlord to insure to their full value all such buildings against damage by fire.

6. An undertaking by the tenant, in the event of the destruction by fire of harvested crops grown on the holding for consumption thereon, to return to the holding the full equivalent manurial value of the crops destroyed, in so far as the return thereof is required for the fulfilment of his responsibilities to farm in accordance with the rules of good husbandry, and (except where the interest of the tenant is held for the purposes of a government department or where the tenant has made provision approved by the Secretary of State in lieu of such insurance) an undertaking by the tenant to insure to their full value all dead stock on the holding and all such harvested crops as aforesaid against damage by fire.

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75 1615

(Scotland) Act, 1949

SIXTH SCHEDULE. Sections 75. 76,

99.

Provisions as to arbitrations.

Appointment of arbi.

1. A person agreed upon between the parties or, in default of agreement, appointed on the application in writing of either of the parties by the Secretary of State from among the members of the panel constituted under this Act for the purpose, shall be appointed arbiter.

2. If a person appointed arbiter dies, or is incapable of acting, -or for seven days after notice from either party requiring him to act fails to act, a new arbiter may be appointed as if no arbiter had been appointed.

3. Neither party shall have power to revoke the appointment of the arbiter without the consent of the other party.

4. Every appointment, notice, revocation and consent under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule must be in writing.

Particulars of Claim.

5. Each of the parties to the arbitration shall within fourteen days from the appointment of the arbiter deliver to him a statement of that party's case with all necessary particulars; and

(a) no amendment or addition to the statement or particulars

delivered shall be allowed after the expiration of the said fourteen days except with the consent of the arbiter;

(b) a party to the arbitration shall be confined at the hearing to the matters alleged in the statement and particulars so delivered and any amendment thereof or addition thereto duly made.

Evidence.

6. The parties to the arbitration, and all persons claiming through them respectively, shall, subject to any legal objection, submit to be examined by die arbiter on oath or affirmation in relation to the matters in dispute, and shall, subject as aforesaid, produce before the arbiter all samples, books, deeds, papers, accounts, writings, and documents, within their possession or power respectively which may be required or called for, and do all other things which during the proceedings the arbiter may require.

7. The arbiter shall have power to administer oaths, and to take the affirmation of parties and witnesses appearing, and witnesses shall, if the arbiter thinks fit, be examined on oath or affirmation.

Award.

8. The arbiter shall make and sign his award within two months of his appointment or within such longer period as may, either before or after the expiry of the aforesaid period be agreed to in writing by the parties, or be fixed by the Secretary of State.

9. The arbiter may, if he thinks fit, make an interim award for the payment of any sum on account of the sum to be finally awarded.

1616

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Actt 1949

6th Sch. 10. The award shall be in such form as may be specified by —com. statutory instrument made by the Secretary of State.

11. The arbiter shall—

(a) state separately in his award the amounts awarded in respect of the several claims referred to him; and

(h) on the application of either party, specify the amount awarded in respect of any particular improvement or any particular matter the subject of the award.

12. Where by virtue of this Act compensation under an agreement is to be substituted for compensation under this Act for improvements, the arbiter shall award compensation in accordance with the agreement instead of in accordance with this Act

13. The award shall fix a day not later than one month after delivery of the award for the payment of the money awarded as compensation, expenses or otherwise.

14. The award to be made by the arbiter shall be final and binding on the parties and the persons claiming under them respectively.

15. The arbiter may correct in an award any clerical mistake or error arising from any accidental slip or omission.

Expenses

16. The expenses of and incidental to the arbitration and award . shall be in the discretion of the arbiter, who may direct to and by whom and in what manner those expenses or any part thereof are to be paid, and the expenses shall be subject to taxation by* the auditor of the sheriff court on the application of either party, but that taxation shall be subject to review by the sheriff.

17. The arbiter shall, in awarding expenses, take into consideration the reasonableness or unreasonableness of the claim of either party whether in respect of amount or otherwise, and any unreasonable demand for particulars or refusal to supply particulars, and generally all the circumstances of the case, and may disallow the expenses of any witness whom he considers to have been called unnecessarily and any other expenses which he considers to have been incurred unnecessarily.

18. It shall not be lawful to include in the expenses of and incidental to the arbitration and award, or to charge against any of the parties, any sum payable in respect of remuneration or expenses to any person appointed by the arbiter to act as clerk or otherwise to assist him in the arbitration unless such appointment was made after submission of the claim and answers to the arbiter and with either the consent of the parties to the arbitration or the sanction of the sheriff.

Statement of case

19. The arbiter may at any stage of the proceedings, and shall, if so directed by the sheriff (which direction may be given on the application of either party), state a case for the opinion of the sheriff on any question of law arising in the course of the arbitration.

1949 Agricultural Holdings Ch. 75

(Scotland) Act, 1949

20. The opinion of the sheriff on any case stated under the last foregoing paragraph shall be final unless, within such time and in accordance with such conditions as may be specified by act of sederunt, either party appeals to the Court of Session, from whose decision no appeal shall lie.

Removal of arbiter and setting aside of award

21. Where an arbiter has misconducted himself the sheriff may remove him.

22. When an arbiter has misconducted himself, or an arbitration or award has been improperly procured, the sheriff may set the award aside.

Forms

23. Any forms for proceedings in arbitrations under this Act which may be specified by statutory instrument made by the Secretary of State shall, if used, be sufficient

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Amendments of other Acts.

The Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (

Act, 1931

In section twenty-six, for subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (2) This Part of this Act may be cited as the Small Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1931, and shall be construed as one with the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1919, and those Acts and this Part of this Act may be cited together as the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1931."

The Hill Farming Act, 1946

The Hill Farming Act, 1946, shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect with the substitution for section nine thereof of the following section—

" Operation of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949, in relation to Improvement schemes.

9.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949, shall apply to improvements for which provision is made by an approved hill farming land improvement scheme as it applies to other improvements.

(2) Where a tenant of an agricultural holding within the meaning of the said Act of 1949 has carried out thereon an improvement specified in Part 1 or Part II of the First Schedule to that Act in accordance with provision in such a scheme for the carrying out of the improvement and for the tenant's being responsible for doing

3 G*

1617

6th Sch. —amt.

Section 94

Ch. 75

1618

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

TihSch. the work, being provision included in the scheme at the instance

__com, ’ or with the consent of the landlord, then—

(< a) in the case of an improvement specified in the said Part L the landlord shall be deemed to have consented as mentioned in section fifty of that Act in relation to the improvement; or

(b) in the case of an improvement specified in the said Part II, the tenant shall be deemed to have given notice to the landlord as mentioned in section fifty-one of that Act in relation to the improvement and the landlord shall be deemed to have received the notice and to have given no such notice to the tenant as is mentioned in section fifty-two of that Act objecting to the carrying out of the improvement or to the manner in which the tenant proposes to carry out the work;

and any agreement as to compensation or otherwise made between the landlord and the tenant in relation to the improvement shall have effect as if it had been such an agreement on terms as is mentioned in the said section fifty or the said section fifty-one as the case may be.

(3) If on the ground of work being badly done the appropriate Minister withholds or reduces the improvement grant in respect of an improvement, he may direct that any right conferred by section eight of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949, to have the rent of an agricultural holding increased shall not be exercisable in respect of the improvement, or shall be exercisable only to such extent as may be specified in the direction, and any such direction given after that right has been exercised shall be retrospective and any excess rent paid shall be repaid accordingly.

(4) In assessing the amount of any compensation payable, whether under the said Act of 1949 or under custom or agreement, to the tenant of an agricultural holding, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the person assessing the compensation that the improvement or cultivations in respect of which the compensation is claimed was or were wholly or in part the result of or incidental to work in respect of the cost of which an improvement grant has been paid or will be payable, the amount of the grant shall be taken into account as if it had been a benefit allowed to the tenant in consideration of his executing the improvement or cultivations, and the compensation shall be reduced to such extent as that person considers appropriate."

1949

Agricultural Holdings

(Scotland); 1949

Ch. 75

1419

EIGHTH SCHEDULE Sections 97,98,

Enactments Repealed "*

Session and Chapter

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 10.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 25.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 25.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 42.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 44.

1 Edw. 8 and 1 Geo. 6. c. 70.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 48.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 16.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 73.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 45.

Short Title

The Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923.

The Agriculture (Amendment) Act, 1923.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929.

The Agricultural Marketing Act, 1931.

The Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

The Agriculture Act, 1937.

The Agricultural Development Act, 1939.

The Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1943.

The Hill Farming Act, 1946.

The Agricult u re (Scotland) Act, 1948.

Extent of Repeal The whole Act The whole Act

In section forty-eight, the words from " or by an arbiter ’* to the end of the section.

In section nineteen, in paragraph (6) the words "or other occupier of an agricultural holding *, and the words from "or by an arbiter* to the end of the paragraph.

Part II.

In section forty-one, in subsection (1) the words from " and the Small Landholders Acts* to the end of the subsection.

Section five, so far as it relates to agricultural holdings.

In section thirty, subsection (2) so far as it relates to agricultural holdings.

Section twenty-one.

In section thirty-nine, in subsection (1), paragraph (c).

Part I, except section eight in relation to notices to quit given before the commencement of this Act and except section twenty-five so far as relating to the provisions therein mentioned so far as continued in force by this Act.

In section eighty-four, the words "the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 and 1931, or’*.

30*2

1620

Ch. 75

Agricultural Holdings 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 45. The Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948 —cont. The First and Second Schedules. In the Third Schedule, in paragraph 2, the words from " or a direction to " permanent pasture*’ where those words first occur, and in paragraph 4, the words from the beginning to " this Act ". The Fourth and Ninth Schedules.

TABLE OF STATUTES REFERRED TO IN THIS ACT.

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Removal Terms (Scotland) Act, 1886

Interpretation Act, 1889

Arbitration (Scotland) Act, 1894

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1908

Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913

Income Tax Act, 1918

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1922

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923

Crown Lands Act, 1927

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929

Agricultural Marketing Act, 1931

Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931

Agriculture Act, 1937

Agricultural Development Act, 1939

Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1943 ...

Hill Farming Act, 1946

Water (Scotland) Act, 1946

Companies Act, 1948

Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948

49 & 50 Vict. c. 50. 52 & 53 Vict c. 63. 57 & 58 Vict. c. 13.

7 Edw. 7. c. 51.

8 Edw. 7. c. 64.

3 &4 Geo. 5. c. 20.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 40.

12 & 13 Geo. 5.C.52.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 10. 17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 23. 19 &20 Geo. 5. c.25. 21 & 22 Geo. 5.C.42.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c.44.

1 Edw. 8. and

1 Geo. 6. c. 70.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 48.

3 &4 Geo. 6. c. 14.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 16.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 73. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 42. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. 11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.45.

I

1949

Marriage Act, 1949

£H.7$

CHAPTER 76

. Marriage , 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Restrictions on Marriage

Section

1. Marriages within prohibited degrees.

2. Marriages of persons under sixteen.

3. Marriages of persons under twenty-one.

4. Hours for solemnization of marriages.

Part II

Marriage According to Rites of the Church of England

Preliminary

5. Methods of authorising marriages.

Marriage by Banns

6. Place of publication of banns.

7. Time and manner of publication of banns.

8. Notice to clergyman before publication of banns.

9. Persons by whom banns may be published.

10. Publication of banns commenced in one church and completed

in another.

11. Certificates of publication of banns.

12. Solemnization of marriage after publication of banns.

13. Publication of banns in Scotland, Northern Ireland or Republic

of Ireland.

14. Publication of banns on board His Majesty’s ships.

Marriage by Common Licence

15. Places in which marriages may be solemnized by common licence.

16. Provisions as to common licences.

Marriage under Superintendent Registrar's Certificate

17. Marriage under superintendent registrar’s certificate.

Publication of Banns and Solemnization of Marriages During Disuse of Churches

18. Publication of banns and solemnization of marriages during the

repair and rebuilding of churches.

19. Publication of banns and solemnization of marriage where church

injured by war damage.

Licensing of Chapels for Publication of Banns and Solemnization of Marriages

20. Licensing of chapels for publication of banns and solemnization

of marriages for persons residing in specified district.

21. Authorising of publication of banns and solemnization of marriages

in churches and chapels of extra parochial places.

Miscellaneous provisions

22. Witnesses.

23. Benefices held in plurality.

24. Proof of residence not necessary to validity of marriage by banns or

common licence.

25. Void marriages.

162*

Ch 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III

Marriage under Superintendent Registrar's Certificate Issue of certificates

Section

26. Marriages which may be solemnized on authority of superintendent

registrar's certificate.

27. Notice of marriage.

28. Declaration to accompany notice of marriage.

29. Caveat against grant of certificate or licence.

30. Forbidding of issue of certificate.

31. Marriage under certificate without licence.

32. Marriage under certificate by licence.

33. Period of validity of certificate and licence.

34. Marriages normally to be solemnized in registration district in

which one of parties resides.

35. Marriages in registration district in which neither party resides.

36. Superintendent registrar to issue licences only for marriages to be

solemnized in his registration district

37. One party resident in Scotland.

38. One party resident in 'Northern Ireland.

39. Issue of certificates on board His Majesty's ships.

40. Forms of certificates to be issued by Registrar General.

Marriages in registered buildings

41. Registration of buildings.

42. Cancellation of registration and substitution of another building.

43. Appointment of authorised persons.

44. Solemnization of marriage in registered building.

Marriages in register office

45. Solemnization of marriage in register office.

46. Register office marriage followed by religious ceremony.

Marriages according to the usages of the Society of Friends

47. Marriages according to the usages of the Society of Friends.

Miscellaneous provisions

48. Proof of certain matters not necessary to validity of marriages.

49. Void marriages.

50. Person to whom certificate to be delivered.

51. Fees of registrars for attending marriages.

52. Provision for marriages in Welsh language.

Part IV Registration of Marriages

53. Persons by whom marriages are to be registered.

54. Provision of marriage register books by Registrar General.

55. Manner of registration of marriages.

56. Power to ask for particulars of marriage.

57. Quarterly returns to be made to superintendent registrar.

58. Quarterly returns to be made by superintendent registrar to

Registrar General.

59. Custody of register books.

60. Filled register books.

61. Correction of errors in register books.

62. Disposal of register books on church ceasing to be used for

solemnization of marriages.

63. Searches in register books.

64. Searches of indexes kept by superintendent registrars.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1623

Section

65. Searches of indexes kept by Registrar General.

66. Sending documents by post.

67. Interpretation of Part IV.

Part V

Marriages in Naval, Military, and Air Force Chapels

68. Solemnization of marriages in naval, military and air force chapels.

69. Licensing of chapels for marriages according to rites of Church of

England.

70. Registration of chapels for marriages otherwise than according to

rites of Church of England.

71. Evidence of marriages under Part V.

Part VI General

72. Supplementary provisions as to marriages in usual place of worship.

73. Lists of licensed chapels and registered buildings.

74. Regulations.

75. Offences relating to solemnization of marriages.

76. Offences relating to registration of marriages.

77. Offences by authorised persons.

78. Interpretation.

79. Repeals and savings.

80. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Kindred and affinity.

Second Schedule.—Consents required to marriage of an infant by common licence or superintendent registrar's certificate. Third Schedule.—Capacities referred to in section 68 (2) (d) of this Act

Fourth Schedule.—Provisions of Act which are excluded or modified in their application to naval, military, and air force chapels. Fifth Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

Sixth Schedule.—Provisions of Act which do not extend to Wales.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to the solemnization and registration of marriages in England with such corrections and improvements as may be authorised under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949..

[24th November 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Restrictions on Marriage.

1.—(1) A marriage solemnized between a man and any of Marriages the persons mentioned in the first column of Part I of the within First Schedule to this Act, or between a woman and any of prohibited the persons mentioned in the second column of the said Part I, degreee' shall be void.

12 & 13 Geo. 6

1624 Ch. 76 Marriage Act, 1949

Part I. (2) A marriage solemnized between a man and any of the

—cont. persons mentioned in the first column of Part II of the said

First Schedule, or between a woman and any of the persons mentioned in the second column of the said Part II, shall not be void or voidable by reason only of affinity.

(3) A marriage which by virtue of the last foregoing subsection is not void or voidable if solemnized after the decease of any person shall be void if solemnized during the lifetime of that person.

Marriages of 2. A marriage solemnized between persons either of whom

persons under is under the age of sixteen shall be void, sixteen.

Marriages of 3.—(i) Where the marriage of an infant, not being a

persons under widower or widow, is intended to be solemnized on the twenty-one. authority of a certificate issued by a superintendent registrar under Part III of this Act, whether by licence or without licence, the consent of the person or persons specified in the Second Schedule to this Act shall be required:

Provided that—

(a) if the superintendent registrar is satisfied that the consent of any person whose consent is so required cannot be obtained by reason of absence or inaccessibility or by reason of his being under any disability, the necessity for the consent of that person shall be dispensed with, if there is any other person whose consent is also required; and if the consent of no other person is required, the Registrar General may dispense with the necessity of obtaining any consent, or the court may, on application being made, consent to the marriage, and the consent of the court so given shall have the same effect as if it had been given by the person whose consent cannot be so obtained;

(b) if any person whose consent is required refuses his consent, the court may, on application being made, consent to the marriage, and the consent of the court so given shall have the same effect as if it had been given by the person whose consent is refused.

(2) The last foregoing subsection shall apply to marriages intended to be solemnized on the authority of a common licence, with the substitution of references to the ecclesiastical authority by whom the licence was granted for references to the superintendent registrar, and with the substitution of a reference to the Master of the Faculties for the reference to the Registrar General.

(3) Where the marriage of an infant, not being a widower or widow, is intended to be solemnized after the publication of banns of matrimony then, if any person whose consent to

1949

Marriage Act, 1949

1625

Ch. 76

the marriage would have been required under this section in Part I. the case of a marriage intended to be solemnized otherwise than after the publication of the banns, openly and publicly declares or causes to be declared, in the church or chapel in which the banns are published, at the time of the publication, his dissent from the intended marriage, the publication of banns shall be void.

(4) A clergyman shall not be liable to ecclesiastical censure for solemnizing the marriage of an infant after the publication of banns without the consent of the parents or guardians of the infant unless he had notice of the dissent of any person who is entitled to give notice of dissent under the last foregoing subsection.

(5) For the purposes of this section, " the court" means the High Court, the county court of the district in which any respondent resides, or a court of summary jurisdiction, and rules of court may be made for enabling applications under this section—

(a) if made to the High Court, to be heard in chambers;

(b) if made to the county court, to be heard and determined by the registrar subject to appeal to the judge;

(c) if made to a court of summary jurisdiction, to be heard and determined otherwise than in open court,

and shall provide that, where an application is made in consequence of a refusal to give consent, notice of the application shall be served on the person who has refused consent.

(6) Nothing in this section shall dispense with the necessity of obtaining the consent of the High Court to the marriage of a ward of court.

4. A marriage may be solemnized at any time between Hours for the hours of eight in the forenoon and six in the afternoon, solemnization

of marriages.

Part II.

Marriage according to Rites of the Church of England.

Preliminary.

5, A marriage according to the rites of the Church of Methods of England may be solemnized— authorising

(a) after the publication of banns of matrimony; mamages.

(b) on the authority of a special licence of marriage granted by the Archbishop of Canterbury or any other person by virtue of the Ecclesiastical Licences Act, 1533 (in this Act referred to as a " special licence 'j;

1626

Part II.

—cont.

Place of publication of banns.

Time and manner of publication of banns.

Ch. 76 Marriage , 1949 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(c) on the authority of a licence of marriage (other than a special licence) granted by an ecclesiastical authority having power to grant such a licence (in this Act referred to as a " common licence "); or

(d) on the authority of a certificate issued by a superintendent registrar under Part III of this Act.

Marriage by banns.

6. —(i) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where a marriage is intended to be solemnized after the publication of banns of matrimony, the banns shall be published—

(a) if the persons to be married reside in the same parish, in the parish church of that parish;

(6) if the persons to be married do not reside in the same parish, in the parish church of each parish in which one of them resides:

Provided that if either of the persons to be married resides in a chapelry or in a district specified in a licence granted under section twenty of this Act, the banns may be published in an authorised chapel of that chapelry or district instead of in the parish church of the parish in which that person resides.

(2) In relation to a person who resides in an extra-parochial place, the last foregoing subsection shall have effect as if for references to a parish there were substituted references to that extra-parochial place, and as if for references to a parish church there were substituted references to an authorised chapel of that place.

(3) For the purposes of this section, any parish in which there is no parish church or chapel belonging thereto or no church or chapel in which divine service is usually solemnized every Sunday, and any extra-parochial place which has no authorised chapel, shall be deemed to belong to any adjoining parish or chapelry.

(4) Banns of matrimony may be published in any parish church or authorised chapel which is the usual place of worship of the persons to be married or of one of them although neither of those persons resides in the parish or chapelry to which the church or chapel belongs:

Provided that the publication of banns by virtue of this subsection shall be in addition to and not in substitution for the publication of banns required by subsection (1) of this section.

7. —(1) Subject to the provisions of section nine of this Act, banns of matrimony snail be published on three Sundays preceding the solemnization of the marriage during morning service or, if there is no morning service on a Sunday on which the banns are to be publisned, during evening service.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1627

(2) Banns of matrimony shall be published in an audible Part n manner and in accordance with the form of words prescribed

by the rubric prefixed to the office of matrimony in the Book 01 Common Prayer, and all the .other rules prescribed by the said rubric concerning the publication of banns and the solemnization of matrimony shall, so far as they are consistent with the provisions of this Part of this Act, be duly observed.

(3) The parochial church council of a parish shall provide for every church and chapel in the parish in which marriages may be solemnized, a register book of banns made of durable materials and marked in the manner directed by section fifty-four of this Act for the register book of marriages, and all banns shall be published from the said register book of banns by the officiating clergyman, and not from loose papers, and after each publication the entry in the register book shall be signed by the officiating clergyman, or by some person under his direction.

(4) Any reference in the last foregoing subsection to a parochial church council shall, in relation to an authorised chapel in an extra-parochial place, be construed as a reference to the chapel warden or other officer exercising analogous duties in the chapel or, if there is no such officer, such person as may be appointed in that behalf by the bishop of the diocese.

8. No clergyman shall be obliged to publish banns of matri- Notice to mony unless the persons to be married, at least seven days clergyman before the date on which they wish the banns to be published ti for the first time, deliver or cause to be delivered to him a baSs°n notice in writing, dated on the day on which it is so delivered,

stating the Christian name and surname and the place of residence of each of them, and the period during which each of them has resided at his or her place of residence.

9. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section and of Persons by section fourteen of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any whom banns person other than a clergyman to publish banns of matrimony,

(2) Where on any Sunday in any church or other building in which banns of matrimony may be published a clergyman does not officiate at the service at which it is usual m that church or building to publish banns, the banns may be published—

(a) by a clergyman at some other service at which banns of matrimony may be published; or

(b) by a layman during the course of a public reading

authorised by the bishop of the diocese of a portion or portions of the service of morning or evening prayer, the public reading being at the hour when

1628

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II. —cont.

Publication of banns commenced in one church and completed in another.

Certificates of publication of banns.

the service at which it is usual to publish banns is commonly held or at such other hour as the bishop may authorise:

Provided that banns shall not be published by a layman unless the incumbent or minister in charge of the said church or building, or some other clergyman nominated in that behalf by the bishop, has made or authorised to be made the requisite entry in the register book of banns of the said church or building.

(3) Where a layman publishes banns of matrimony by virtue of this section the layman shall sign the register book of banns provided under section seven of this Act and for that purpose shall be deemed to be the officiating clergyman within the meaning of that section..

10. —(1) Where the publication of banns of matrimony has been duly commenced in any church, the publication may be completed in the same church or in any other church which, by virtue of the Union of Benefices Measure, 1923, or the New Parishes Measure, 1943, has at the time of the completion taken the place of the first-mentioned church for the purpose of publication of banns of matrimony either generally or in relation to the parties to the intended marriage.

(2) Where the publication of banns of matrimony has been duly commenced in any building which by virtue of a reorganisation scheme under the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, ceases to be a parish church or, as the case may be, ceases to be licensed for marriages, the publication may be completed in such other building, being either a parish church or a building licensed for marriages, as may be directed by the bishop of the diocese to take the place of the first-mentioned building for the purposes of the publication of banns.

11. —(1) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized after the publication of banns of matrimony and the persons to be married do not reside in the same parish or other ecclesiastical district, a clergyman shall not solemnize the marriage in the parish or district in which one of those persons resides unless there is produced to him a certificate that the banns have been published in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act in the parish or other ecclesiastical district in which the other person resides.

(2) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized in a church or chapel of a parish or other ecclesiastical district in which neither of the persons to be married resides, after the publication of banns therein by virtue of subsection (4) of section six of this Act, a clergyman shall not solemnize the marriage unless there is produced to him—

(a) if the persons to be married reside in the same parish or other ecclesiastical district, a certificate that the

1949 Marriage Act, 1949 Ch, 76

banns have been published in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act in that parish or district; or

(b) if the persons to be married do not reside in the same parish or other ecclesiastical district, certificates that the banns have been published as aforesaid in each parish or district in which one of them resides.

(3) Where banns are published by virtue of subsection (3) of section six of this Act in a parish or chapelry adjoining the parish or extra-parochial place in which the banns would otherwise be required to be published, a certificate that the banns have been published in that parish or chapelry shall have the like force and effect as a certificate that banns have been published in a parish in which one of the persons to be married resides.

(4) Any certificate required under this section shall be signed by the incumbent or minister in charge of the building in which the banns were published or by a clergyman nominated in that behalf by the bishop of the diocese.

12. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, Solemnization where banns of matrimony have been published, the marriage °Larriage shall be solemnized in the church or chapel or, as the case publication may be, one of the churches or chapels in which the banns of banns, have been published.

(2) Where a marriage is not solemnized within three months after the completion of the publication of the banns, that publication shall be void and no clergyman shall solemnize the marriage on the authority thereof.

13. Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized in Publication of England, after the publication of banns of matrimony, banns in between parties of whom one is residing in England and the

other is residing in Scotland, Northern Ireland or the Re- jre^dor public of Ireland, then, if banns have been published or pro- Republic of claimed in any church of the parish or place in which that Ireland, other party is residing according to the law or custom there prevailing, a certificate given in accordance with that law or custom that the banns have been so published or proclaimed shall as respects that party be sufficient for the purposes of section eleven of this Act, and the marriage shall not be void by reason only that the banns have not been published in the manner required for the publication of banns in England.

14. —(1) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized in publication England, after the publication of banns of matrimony, of banns on between parties of whom one is residing in England and the

other is an officer, seaman or marine borne on the books of Majesty’s one of His Majesty’s ships at sea, the banns may be published 8 ps’ on three successive Sundays during morning service on board

1629

Part II —coni.

1630

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II. that ship by the chaplain, or, if there is no chaplain, by the captain or other officer commanding die ship, and, where banns have been so published, the person who published them shall, unless the banns have been forbidden on any of the grounds on which banns may be forbidden, give a certificate of publication.

(2) A certificate issued under this section shall be in such form as may be prescribed by the Admiralty and shall, as respects the party who is an officer, seaman or marine as aforesaid, be sufficient for the purposes of section eleven of this Act, and all provisions of this Act (including penal provisions) relating to the publication of banns and certificates thereof and all rules required by section seven of this Act to be observed shall apply in the case of banns published under this section subject to such adaptations therein as may be made by His Majesty by Order in Council.

Marriage by Common Licence.

Places in 15.—(i) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a

which common licence shall not be granted for the solemnization of

marriages may a marriage in any church or chapel other than— be solemnized

by common (a) the parish church of the parish, or an authorised licence. chapel of the ecclesiastical district, in which one of

the persons to be married has had his or her usual place of residence for fifteen days immediately before the grant of the licence; or

(6) a parish church or authorised chapel which is the usual place of worship of the persons to be married or of one of them.

(2) For the purposes of this section, any parish in which there is no parish church or chapel belonging thereto or no church or chapel in which divine service is usually solemnized every Sunday, and any extra-parochial place which has no authorised chapel, shall be deemed to belong to any adjoining parish or chapelry.

Provisions as 16.—(i) A common licence shall not be granted unless one

to common of the persons to be married has sworn before a person having licences. authority to grant such a licence—

(a) that he or she believes that there is no impediment

of kindred or alliance or any other lawful cause, nor any suit commenced in any court, to bar or hinder the solemnization of the marriage in accordance with the licence;

(b) that one of the persons to be married has had his or her usual place of residence in the parish or other ecclesiastical district in which the marriage

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1631

is to be solemnized for fifteen days immediately Part IL before the grant of the licence or that the parish church or authorised chapel in which the marriage is to be solemnized is the usual place of worship of those persons or of one of them;

(c) where one of the persons to be married is an infant and is not a widower or widow, that the consent of the person or persons whose consent to the marriage is required under section three of this Act has been obtained, that the necessity of obtaining any such consent has been dispensed with under that section, that the court has consented to the marriage under that section, or that there is no person whose consent to the marriage is so required.

(2) If any caveat is entered against the grant of a common licence, the caveat having been duly signed by or on behalf of the person by whom it is entered and stating his place of residence and the ground of objection on which the caveat is founded, no licence shall be granted until the caveat or a copy thereof is transmitted to the ecclesiastical judge out of whose office the licence is to issue, and the judge has certified to the registrar of the diocese that he has examined into the matter of the caveat and is satisfied that it ought not to obstruct the grant of the licence, or until the caveat is withdrawn by the person who entered it.

(3) Where a marriage is not solemnized within three months after the grant of a common licence, the licence shall be void and no clergyman shall solemnize the marriage on the authority thereof.

(4) No surrogate deputed by an ecclesiastical judge who has power to grant common licences shall grant any such licence until he has taken an oath before that judge, or a commissioner appointed under the seal of that judge, faithfully to execute his office according to law, to the best of his knowledge, and has given security by his bond in the sum of one hundred pounds to the bishop of the diocese for the due and faithful execution of his office.

Marriage under superintendent registrar’s certificate.

17. A marriage according to the rites of the Church of Marriage England may be solemnized on the authority of a certificate under super-of a superintendent registrar in force under Part III of this "Ssriar’s Act in any church or chapel in which banns of matrimony certificate, may be published:

Provided that a marriage shall not be solemnized as aforesaid in any such church or chapel without the consent of the minister thereof or by any person other than a clergyman.

le

1632

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II.

—cont. Publication of banns and solemnization of marriages during repair and

rebuilding of churches.

Publication of banns and solemnization of marriage where church injured by war damage.

Publication of banns and solemnization of marriages during disuse of churches.

18.—(i) Where any church or chapel in which banns may be published and marriages solemnized is being rebuilt or repaired, and on that account is not being used for divine service, banns of matrimony which could otherwise have been published therein and marriages which could otherwise have been solemnized therein may be published or solemnized, as the case may be,—

(a) in any building licensed by the bishop of the diocese for the performance of divine service during the disuse of the church or chapel, being a building within the parish or other ecclesiastical district in which the disused church or chapel is situated; or

(b) if no building has been licensed as aforesaid, in any such consecrated chapel as the bishop of the diocese may in writing direct, being a chapel within the said parish or district; or

(c) if no building has been licensed as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection and no direction nas been given by the bishop under the last foregoing paragraph, in a church or chapel of any adjoining parish or other ecclesiastical district, being a church or chapel in which banns may be published and marriages solemnized.

(2) Any fees paid in respect of marriages solemnized by virtue of paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection in a consecrated chapel specified in a direction given by the bishop of the diocese under that paragraph shall be applied as the bishop, with the consent of the incumbent of the disused church or chapel, may in writing direct.

(3) Any marriage solemnized by virtue of the said subsection in any licensed building or consecrated chapel or in the church or chapel of an adjoining parish or district shall be deemed for the purposes of Part IV of this Act to have been solemnized in the disused church or chapel and shall accordingly be registered in the marriage register books kept by the incumbent of the disused church or chapel.

19. Where an order made by the Church Commissioners under section three of the Diocesan Reorganisation Committees Measure, 1941, (which enables orders to be made deferring the restoration of churches injured by war damage) is in force as respects any church, banns of matrimony of persons entitled to be married in that church may be published, and marriages of such persons may be solemnized, in such other church, chapel or place of worship within the diocese as the bishop of the diocese shall in writing direct.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1633

Licensing of chapels for publication of banns and Part II.

solemnization of marriages. —cotu.

20.—(i) Subject to the provisions of this section, the bishop of the diocese in which a public chapel is situated may— publication («) if he thinks it necessary so to do for the due accom- of banns and modation and convenience of the inhabitants of any solemnization

- ] ot marriages

district; and

for persons

(b) if the patron and incumbent of the church of the residing in parish in which the public chapel is situated have signified their consent under their respective hands and seals.

authorise by a licence under his hand and seal the publication of banns and the solemnization of marriages in that public chapel between parties both or either of whom reside or resides within a district of which the limits shall be specified in the licence; and any such licence may include such provisions concerning the amount, appropriation or apportionment of dues and such other particulars as the bishop thinks fit.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing subsection, the bishop of the diocese may grant a licence under this section without the consent of the patron and incumbent of the church of the parish in which the public chapel is situated after two months notice in writing given to the patron and incumbent by the registrar of the diocese:

Provided that where any patron or incumbent who refuses or withholds his consent to the grant of a licence under this section delivers to the bishop under his hand and seal a statement of the reasons for which the consent has been refused or withheld, no licence shall be granted by the bishop until he has inquired into the reasons contained in the statement.

(3) Where a bishop grants a licence under this section without the consent of the patron and incumbent, the patron or incumbent may, within one month from the grant of the licence, appeal to the archbishop of the province who shall hear the appeal in a summary manner, and shall make such order confirming, revoking or varying the licence as seems to him expedient.

(4) Any licence granted or order made under this section may at any time be revoked in writing under the hand and seal of the bishop of the diocese with the consent in writing of the archbishop of the province; and the registrar of the diocese shall notify the revocation in writing to the minister officiating in the chapel concerned and small give public notice of the revocation by advertisement in some newspaper circulating within the county in which the chapel is situated and in the London Gazette.

1634

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part II.

—cont.

Authorising of publication of banns and solemnization of marriages in churches and chapels of extra-parochial places.

Witnesses

Benefices held in plurality.

5) There shall be displayed in some conspicuous part of e interior of any chapel licensed under this section the words "Banns may be published and marriages may be solemnized in this chapel *.

(6) Every consent of a patron or incumbent delivered under subsection (i) of this section, a copy of every notice given by the registrar of a diocese under subsection (2) of this section, every statement of reasons delivered by a patron or incumbent under the said subsection (2), together with the bishop's decision thereon under his hand and seal, every order made by an archbishop under subsection (3) of this section and every revocation and consent made or given under subsection (4) of this section, shall be registered in the registry of the diocese.

(7) The district specified in a licence granted under this section may be taken out of more than one parish; and where any such licence specifies a district taken out of more than one parish the expressions " patron " and " incumbent " shall for the purposes of this section mean the patron or incumbent, as the case may be, of the church of every parish out of which the district so specified is taken.

(8) In this section the expression " public chapel" means any public chapel with or without a chapelry annexed thereto, or any chapel duly licensed for the celebration of divine service according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, or any chapel the minister of which is duly licensed to officiate therein according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England.

21. —(1) Where any extra-parochial place has belonging to it or within it any church or chapel of the Church of England, the bishop of the diocese in which the church or chapel is situated may, if he thinks fit, authorise in writing under his hand and seal the publication of banns and the solemnization of marriages by banns or licence in that church or chapel between parties both or either of whom reside or resides in that extra-parochial place.

(2) Every authorisation given under the last foregoing subsection shall be registered in the registry of the diocese.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

22. All marriages solemnized according to the rites of the Church of England shall be solemnized in the presence of two or more witnesses in addition to the clergyman by whom the marriage is solemnized.

23. Where two or more benefices are held in plurality under the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949, the bishop of the diocese in which the benefices are situated or, during a vacancy in the see, the guardian of the spiritualities thereof, may in

1949 Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

writing direct where banns of matrimony of persons entitled to be married in any church of those benefices may be published and where marriages of those persons may be solemnized:

Provided that—

(a) nothing in this section shall deprive a person of the right to be married in any church in which he would have been entitled to be married if no directions had been given under this section; and

(b) a person may be married in a church in which he would have been entitled to be married as aforesaid notwithstanding that the banns of matrimony have, by virtue of this section, been published only in some other church.

24. —(i) Where any marriage has been solemnized after Proof of

the publication of banns of matrimony, it shall not be neces- residence not sary in support of the marriage to give any proof of the resi- necessary to dence of the parties or either of them in any parish or other ^aiSaL°by ecclesiastical district in which the banns were published, and bannsor ■no evidence shall be given to prove the contrary in any common proceedings touching the validity of the marriage. licence.

(2) Where any marriage has been solemnized on the authority of a common licence, it shall not be necessary in support of the marriage to give any proof that the usual place of residence of one of the parties was for fifteen days immediately before the grant of the licence in the parish or other ecclesiastical district in which the marriage was solemnized, and no evidence shall be given to prove the contrary in any proceedings touching the validity of the marriage.

25. If any persons knowingly and wilfully intermarry Void according to the rites of the Church of England (otherwise marriages, than by special licence)—

(a) in any place other than a church or other building in which banns may be published;

(b) without banns having been duly published, a common licence having been obtained, or a certificate having been duly issued under Part III of this Act by a superintendent registrar to whom due notice of marriage has been given; or

(c) on the authority of a publication of banns which is void by virtue of subsection (3) of section three or subsection (2) of section twelve of this Act, on the authority of a common licence which is void by virtue of subsection (3) of section sixteen of this Act, or on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar which is void by virtue of subsection (2) of section thirty-three of this Act;

1635

Part II

—cont.

1636

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Fart ii. (d) in the case of a marriage on the authority of a certi-

—cont ficate of a superintendent registrar, in any place other

than the church or other building specified in the notice of marriage and certificate;

or if they knowingly and wilfully consent to or acquiesce in the solemnization of the marriage by any person who is not in Holy Orders, the marriage shall be void.

Part III.

Marriage under Superintendent Registrar's Certificate.

Issue of certificates.

Marriages which may be solemnized on authority of superintendent registrar's certificate.

26.—(i) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the following marriages may be solemnized on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar—

(a) a marriage in a registered building according to such form and ceremony as the persons to be married see fit to adopt;

(b) a marriage in the office of a superintendent registrar;

(c) a marriage according to the usages of the Society of Friends (commonly called Quakers);

(d) a marriage between two persons professing the Jewish religion according to the usages of the Jews;

(e) a marriage according to the rites of the Church of England.

(2) A marriage on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar may be either by a licence issued by the superintendent registrar or without a licence:

Provided that a superintendent registrar shall not issue a licence for a marriage in any church or chapel in which marriages may be solemnized according to the rites of the Church of England, or in any church or chapel belonging to the Church of England or licensed for the celebration of divine worship according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England.

Notice of marriage.

27.—(1) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar without licence, notice of marriage in the prescribed form shall be given—

(a) if the persons to be married have resided in the same registration district for the period of seven days immediately before the giving of the notice, by either of those persons to the superintendent registrar of that district;

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1637

(6) if the persons to be married have not resided in the Part hi. same registration district for the said period of seven —cont. days as aforesaid, by either of those persons to the superintendent registrar of each registration district in which one of mem has resided for that period.

(2) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized as aforesaid by licence, then, whether the persons to be married reside in the same or in different registration districts, notice of marriage in the prescribed form shall be given by either of those persons to me superintendent registrar of the registration district in which one of them has resided for the period of fifteen days immediately before die giving of the notice, and it shall not be required that notice of marriage shall be given to more than one superintendent registrar.

(3) A notice of marriage shall state the name and surname, mantal status, occupation and place of residence of each of the persons to be married and the church or other building in which the marriage is to be solemnized and—

(a) in the case of a marriage intended to be solemnized without licence, shall state the period, not being less than seven days, during which each of the persons to be married has resided in his or her place of residence;

(b) in the case of a marriage intended to be solemnized by licence, shall state the period, not being less than fifteen days, during which one of the persons to be married has resided in the district in which notice of marriage is given:

Provided that if either of the persons to be married has resided in the place stated in the notice for more than one month, the notice may state that he or she has resided there for more than one month.

(4) The superintendent registrar shall file all notices of marriage and keep them with the records of his office, and shall also forthwith enter the particulars given in every such notice, together with the date of the notice and the name of the person by whom the notice was given, in a book (in this Act referred to as " the marriage notice book ") furnished to him for that purpose by the Registrar General, and the marriage notice book shall be open for inspection free of charge at all reasonable hours.

(5) If the persons to be married wish to be married in the presence of a registrar in a registered building for which an authorised person has been appointed, they shall, at the time when notice of marriage is given to the superintendent registrar under this section, give notice to him that they require a registrar to be present at the marriage.

1638

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III.

—cont.

Declaration accompany notice of marriage.

Caveat against issue of certificate or licence

(6) The superintendent registrar shall be entitled to a fee of one shilling for every entry made in the marriage notice book under this section.

to 28.—(i) No certificate or licence for marriage shall be issued by a superintendent registrar unless the notice of marriage is accompanied by a solemn declaration in writing, in the body or at the foot of the notice, made and signed at the time of the giving of the notice by the person by whom the notice is given and attested as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section—

(a) that he or she believes that there is no impediment of kindred or alliance or other lawful hindrance to the marriage;

(b) in the case of a marriage intended to be solemnized without licence, that the persons to be married have for the period of seven days immediately before the giving of the notice had their usual places of residence within the registration district or registration districts in which notice is given, or, in the case of a marriage intended to be solemnized by licence, that one of the persons to be married has for the period of fifteen days immediately before the giving of the notice had his or her usual place of residence within the registration district in which notice is given;

(c) where one of the persons to be married is an infant and is not a widower or widow, that the consent of the person or persons whose consent to the marriage is required under section three of this Act has been obtained, that the necessity of obtaining any such consent has been dispensed with under that section, that the court has consented to the marriage under that section, or that there is no person whose consent to the marriage is so required.

(2) Any such declaration as aforesaid shall be signed by the person giving the notice of marriage in the presence of the superintendent registrar to whom the notice is given or his deputy, or in the presence of a registrar of births and deaths or of marriages for the registration district in which the person giving the notice resides or his deputy, and that superintendent registrar, deputy superintendent registrar, registrar or deputy registrar, as the case may be, shall attest the declaration by adding thereto his name, description and place of residence.

29.—(1) Any person on payment of a fee of five shillings may enter a caveat with the superintendent registrar against the issue of a certificate or licence for the marriage 01 any person named therein.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1639

(2) If any caveat is entered as aforesaid, the caveat having Part III. been signed by or on behalf of the person by whom it was

entered and stating his place of residence and the ground of objection on which the caveat is founded, no certificate or licence shall be issued until the superintendent registrar has examined into the matter of the caveat and is satisfied that it ought not to obstruct the issue of the certificate or licence, or until the caveat has been withdrawn by the person who entered it; and if the superintendent registrar is doubtful whether to issue a certificate or licence he may refer the matter of the caveat to the Registrar General.

(3) Where a superintendent registrar refuses, by reason of any such caveat as aforesaid, to issue a certificate or licence, the person applying therefor may appeal to the Registrar General who shall either confirm the refusal or direct that a certificate or licence shall be issued.

(4) Any person who enters a caveat against the issue of a certificate or licence on grounds which the Registrar General declares to be frivolous and to be such that they ought not to obstruct the issue of the certificate or licence, shall be liable for the costs of the proceedings before the Registrar General and for damages recoverable by the person against whose marriage the caveat was entered.

(j) For the purpose of enabling any person to recover any such costs and damages as aforesaid, a copy of the declaration of the Registrar General purporting to be sealed with the seal of the General Register Office shall be evidence that the Registrar General has declared the caveat to have been entered on grounds which are frivolous and such that they ought not to obstruct the issue of the certificate or licence.

30. Any person whose consent to a marriage intended to Forbidding be solemnized on the authority of a certificate of a superin- of issue of tendent registrar is required under section three of this Act may certificate-forbid the issue of such a certificate by writing, at any time before the issue of the certificate, the word "forbidden " opposite to the entry of the notice of marriage in the marriage notice book, and by subscribing thereto his name and place of residence and the capacity, in relation to either of the persons to be married, in which he forbids the issue of the certificate; and where the issue of a certificate has been so forbidden, the notice of marriage and all proceedings thereon shall be void:

Provided that where, by virtue of paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of the said section three, the court has consented to a marriage and the consent of the court has the same effect as if it had been given by a person whose consent has been refused, that person shall not be entitled

1640

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III.

—cont.

Marriage

under

certificate

without

licence.

Marriage under certificate by licence.

to forbid the issue of a certificate for that marriage under this section, and the notice of marriage and the proceedings thereon shall not be void by virtue of this section.

31. —(i) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar without licence, the superintendent registrar to whom notice of marriage has been given shall suspend or affix in some conspicuous place in his office, for twenty-one successive days next after the day on which the notice was entered in the marriage book, the notice of marriage, or an exact copy signed by him of the particulars thereof as entered in me marriage notice book.

(2) At the expiration of the said period of twenty-one days the superintendent registrar, on the request of the person by whom the notice of marriage was given, shall issue a certificate in the prescribed form unless—

(a) any lawful impediment to the issue of the certificate has been shown to the satisfaction of the superintendent registrar; or

(b) the issue of the certificate has been forbidden under the last foregoing section by any person authorised in that behalf.

(3) Every such certificate shall set out the particulars contained m the notice of marriage and the day on which the notice was entered in the marriage notice book and shall contain a statement that the issue of the certificate has not been forbidden as aforesaid.

(4) No marriage shall be solemnized on the production of a certificate of a superintendent registrar without licence until after the expiration of the said period of twenty-one days.

(5) Where a marriage is to be solemnized in a registered building for which an authorised person has been appointed and no notice requiring a registrar to be present at the marriage has been given to the superintendent registrar under subsection (5) of section twenty-seven of this Act, the superintendent registrar shall, when issuing a certificate under this section, give to one of the persons to be married printed instructions in the prescribed form for the due solemnization of the marriage.

(6) A superintendent registrar shall be entitled to receive a fee of one shilling for every certificate issued by him under this section.

32. —(1) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar by licence, the person by whom notice of marriage is given shall state in the notice that the marriage is intended to be solemnized by licence, and the notice shall not be suspended in the office of the superintendent registrar.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1641

(2) Where a notice of marriage containing such a state- Part III. ment as aforesaid has been received by a superintendent cont-registrar, then, after the expiration of one whole day next after

the day on which the notice was entered in the marriage notice book, the superintendent registrar, on the request of the person by whom the notice was given, shall issue a certificate and a licence in the prescribed form unless—

(< a) any lawful impediment to the issue of the certificate has been shown to the satisfaction of the superintendent registrar; or

(b) the issue of the certificate has been forbidden under section thirty of this Act by any person authorised in that behalf.

(3) Every such certificate shall set out the particulars contained in the notice of marriage and the day on which the notice was entered in the marriage notice book, and shall contain a statement that the issue of the certificate has not been forbidden as aforesaid.

(4) Where a marriage is to be solemnized in a registered building for which an authorised person has been appointed and no notice requiring a registrar to be present at the marriage has been given to the superintendent registrar under subsection (5) of section twenty-seven of this Act, the superintendent registrar shall, when issuing a certificate and licence under this section, give to one of the persons to be married printed instructions in the prescribed form for the due solemnization of the marriage.

(5) A superintendent registrar shall be entitled to receive for every certificate issued by him under this section a fee of one shilling, and for every licence so issued the sum of one pound and ten shillings over and above the amount paid for the stamps necessary on the issue of the licence.

(6) A superintendent registrar shall not issue a licence under this section until he has given security by his bond in the sum of one hundred pounds to the Registrar General for the due and faithful execution of his office.

33.—(1) A marriage may be solemnized on the authority Period of of a certificate of a superintendent registrar, whether by licence validity of or without licence, at any time within three months from the .certificate day on which the notice of marriage was entered in thellcence* marriage notice book.

(2) If the marriage is not solemnized within the said period of three months, the notice of marriage and the certificate, and any licence which may have been granted thereon, shall be void, and no person shall solemnize the marriage on the authority thereof.

3 H

1642

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III.

—cant. Marriages normally to be solemnized in registration district in which one of parties resides.

Marriages in registration district in which neither party resides

34. Subject to the provisions of the next following section, a superintendent registrar shall not issue a certificate for the solemnization of a marriage in a building which is not within a registration district in which one of the persons to be married has resided, in the case of a marriage without licence, for the period of seven days immediately before the giving of the notice of marriage or, in the case of a marriage by licence, for the period of fifteen days immediately before the giving of that notice.

35.—(i) A superintendent registrar may issue a certificate, or if the marriage is to be by licence, a certificate and a licence, for the solemnization of a marriage in a registered building which is not within a registration district in which either of the persons to be married resides, where the person giving the notice of marriage declares by endorsement thereon m the prescribed form—

(a) the religious appellation of the body of Christians to which he or she professes to belong and the form, rite or ceremony which the persons to be married desire to adopt in solemnizing their marriage;

(b) that, to the best of his or her belief, there is not within the registration district in which one of them resides any registered building in which marriage is solemnized according to that form, rite or ceremony;

(c) the registration district nearest to the residence of that

person in which there is a registered building in which marriage may be so solemnized; and

(d) the registered building in that district in which the marriage is intended to be solemnized;

and where any such certificate or certificate and licence is issued, the marriage may be solemnized in the registered building stated in the notice.

(2) A superintendent registrar may issue a certificate or, if the marriage is to be by licence, a certificate and a licence, for the solemnization of a marriage in a registered building which is the usual place of worship of the persons to be married, or of one of them, notwithstanding that the building is not within a registration district in which either of those persons resides, so long as the building is not more than two miles'beyond the limits of the registration district, or one of the registration districts, in which notice of marriage has been given.

(3) A superintendent registrar may issue a certificate for the solemnization of a marriage in any parish church or authorised chapel which is the usual place of worship of the

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1643

persons to be married, or of one of them, notwithstanding that the church or chapel is not within a registration district in which either of those persons resides.

(4) A superintendent registrar may issue a certificate or, if the mamage is to be by licence, a certificate and a licence, for the solemnization of a marriage according to the usages of the Society of Friends or in accordance with the usages of persons professing the Jewish religion, notwithstanding that the building or place in which the marriage is to be solemnized is not within a registration district in which either of the persons to be married resides.

(5) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar issued under subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section, the notice of marriage given to the superintendent registrar and the certificate issued by the superintendent registrar shall state, in addition to the description of the registered building or, as the case may be, the parish church or authorised chapel, in which the marriage is to be solemnized, that it is the usual place of worship of the persons to be married or of one of them and, in the latter case, shall state the name of the person whose usual place of worship it is.

36. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing section, a superintendent registrar shall not issue a licence for the solemnization of a marriage—

(a) in a registered building which is not within his registration district;

(b) in the office of any other superintendent registrar.

37.—(1) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized in England on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar without licence between parties of whom one is residing in Scotland and the other is residing in England, the following provisions shall have effect—

(a) the party residing in Scotland may, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of section seven of the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878, give notice of the intended marriage as if the parties were residing in different parishes or districts in Scotland and as if the marriage were intended to be contracted or celebrated in Scotland, and the provisions of that Act relating to notices of intended marriages and the granting of certificates of due publication thereof shall apply accordingly;

3 H 2

Part III.

—cont,

Superintendent registrar to issue licences only for marriages to be

solemnized in his registration district.

One party resident in Scotland

1644

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part HI. -*~cont.

One party resident in Northern Ireland.

(6) the party residing in England may, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight of this Act, give notice of the intended marriage as if both parties were residing in different registration districts in England, and the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to notices of marriage and the issue of certificates for marriage shall apply accordingly;

(c) a certificate of due publication of a notice of the intended marriage granted in Scotland by virtue of paragraph (a) of this subsection shall, for the purpose of the marriage, have the like force and effect in all respects as a certificate for marriage issued by a superintendent registrar under this Part of this Act;

(d) for the purposes of section thirty-three of this Act the notice given in Scotland shall be deemed to have been entered in a marriage notice book by a superintendent registrar in England on the day on which it was given.

(2) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized as aforesaid between parties of whom one is residing in Scotland and the other is residing in England and a certificate of proclamation of banns in Scotland has been issued under the hand of the minister or session clerk of the parish in which the proclamation was made—

(a) the superintendent registrar of the registration district in which the party residing in England is residing may accept notice of marriage given by that party, subject to and in accordance with the provisions ol sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight of this Act, as if both parties were residing in different registration districts in England, and the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to notices of marriage and the issue of certificates for marriage shall apply accordingly;

(b) the production of the certificate of proclamation of banns to the person by whom the marriage is to be solemnized shall be as valid for authorising that person to solemnize the marriage as the production of a certificate for marriage of a superintendent registrar of a registration district in England would be in the case of a person residing in that district.

38.—(1) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized in England on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar without licence between parties of whom one is residing in Northern Ireland and the other is residing in England, the party residing in Northern Ireland may give notice of marriage in the form used for that purpose in

1949

Marriage Act, 1949

1645

Ch. 76

Northern Ireland or to the like effect to the registrar of the Part I11* district in Northern Ireland in which he or she has resided for not less than seven days immediately before the giving of the notice.

(2) Any such notice as aforesaid shall state the name and surname, marital status, occupation, age and place of residence of each of the persons to be married and the period, not being less than seven days, during which each of them has resided in that place and the church or other building in which the marriage is to be solemnized:

Provided that if either of the persons to be married has resided in the place stated in the notice for more than one month, the notice may state that he or she has resided there for more than one month.

(5) Any such notice as aforesaid shall be dealt with, and a certificate for marriage issued by the registrar, in the manner prescribed by the Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1844, as amended by the Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1846, and the Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1863:

Provided that the registrar shall not issue a certificate until the expiration of twenty-one days from the day on which the notice was entered in the marriage notice book required to be kept under the said Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1844.

(4) The production to the person by whom the marriage is to be solemnized of a certificate issued under the last foregoing subsection shall be as valid for authorising that person to solemnize the marriage as the production of a certificate for marriage of a superintendent registrar of a registration district in England would be in the case of a person residing in that district.

39.—(1) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized in Issue of England on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent certificates on registrar without licence between parties of whom one is ^rdtH.is residing in England and the other is an officer, seaman, or y s marine borne on the books of one of His Majesty's ships at sea, the last-mentioned party may give notice of his intention to the captain or other officer commanding the ship, together with the name and address of the other party to the marriage, and such other information as may be necessary to enable the captain or other officer to fill up a certificate under this section, and shall at the same time make and sign such a declaration as is required by section twenty-eight of this Act, and the captain or other officer may attest the declaration and thereupon issue a certificate to the officer, seaman or marine giving the notice.

1646

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III.

—cont.

Forms of certificates to be furnished by Registrar General.

Registration of buildings.

(2) A certificate issued under this section shall be in such form as may be prescribed by the Admiralty and shall have the like force and effect as a certificate issued by a superintendent registrar under this Part of this Act, and all provisions of this Act (including penal provisions) relating to notices and declarations for obtaining certificates from superintendent registrars and to such certificates shall apply in the case of certificates issued under this section, subject to such adaptations therein as may be made by His Majesty by Order in Council.

(3) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized in England as aforesaid and a certificate has been issued to one of the parties under this section, the superintendent registrar of the registration district in which the other party is residing may accept notice of marriage given by that party, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight of this Act, as if both parties were residing in different registration districts in England, and the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to notices of marriage and the issue of certificates for marriage shall apply accordingly.

40. —(1) The Registrar General shall furnish to every superintendent registrar a sufficient number of forms of certificates for marriage.

(2) In order to distinguish the certificates to be issued for marriages by licence from the certificates to be issued for marriages without licence, a watermark in the form of the word "licence," in Roman letters, shall be laid and manufactured in the substance of the paper on which the certificates to be issued for marriage by licence are written or printed, and every certificate to be issued for marriage by licence shall be printed with red ink and every certificate to be issued for marriage without licence shall be printed with black ink, and such other distinctive marks between the two kinds of certificates as the Registrar General may from time to time think fit shall be used.

Marriages in registered buildings.

41. —(1) Any proprietor or trustee of a separate building, which has been certified as required by law as a place of religious worship may apply to the superintendent registrar of the registration district in which the building is situated for the building to be registered for the solemnization of marriages therein.

(2) Any person making such an application as aforesaid shall deliver to the superintendent registrar a certificate, signed in duplicate' by at least twenty householders, stating that the

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1647

building has been used by them for at least one year immediately before the application as their usual place of public religious worship and that they desire that the building should be registered as aforesaid, and each certificate shall be countersigned by the proprietor or trustee by whom they are delivered.

(3) The superintendent registrar shall send both certificates delivered to him under the last foregoing subsection to the Registrar General who shall register the building in a book to be kept for that purpose in the General Register Office.

(4) The Registrar General shall endorse on both certificates sent to him as aforesaid the date of the registration, and shall keep one certificate with the records of the General Register Office and shall return the other certificate to the superintendent registrar who shall keep it with the records of his office.

(5) On the return of the certificate under the last foregoing subsection, the superintendent registrar shall—

(a) enter the date of the registration of the building in a book to be provided for that purpose by the Registrar General;

(b) give a certificate of the registration signed by him, on durable materials, to the proprietor or trustee by whom the certificates delivered to him under subsection (2) of this section were countersigned; and

(c) give public notice of the registration of the building by advertisement in some newspaper circulating in the county in which the building is situated and in the London Gazette.

(6) For every entry, certificate and notice made or given under the last foregoing subsection the superintendent registrar shall be entitled to receive, at the time of the delivery of the certificates under subsection (2) of this section, the sum of three pounds.

(7) For the purpose of being registered for the solemnization of marriages under this section, any building which has been used for one year immediately before registration for public religious worship as a Roman Catholic chapel exclusively shall be deemed to be a separate building, notwithstanding that it is under the same roof as another building, or forms part only of a building.

42.—(1) Where, on an application made by or through the superintendent registrar of the registration district in which the building is situated, it is shown to the satisfaction of the Registrar General that a registered building is no longer used for the purpose of public religious worship by the congregation on whose behalf it was registered, he shall cause the registration to be cancelled, and if it is proved to his satisfaction that

Part III.

—cont.

Cancellation of registration and substitution of another building.

1648

Part III

—cont.

Appointment of authorised persons.

Ch. 76 Marriage , 1949 12 & 13 Guo. 6

instead of using that building the congregation use for the said purpose some other separate building which has been certified as required by law as a place of public religious worship, he may register the said other building in substitution for the disused building, notwithstanding that the said other building has not been used as a place of public religious worship for one year immediately before the application.

(2) Any application made under the last foregoing subsection for the registration of a building in substitution for a disused building shall be accompanied by a certificate, signed in duplicate by at least twenty householders, stating that the first-mentioned building is used by them as their usual place of worship and that they desire that that building should be registered in substitution for the disused building, and each certificate shall be countersigned by the proprietor or trustee of the first-mentioned building.

(3) Where the Registrar General cancels the registration of any building, or registers any building in substitution for another, under this section, he shall inform the superintendent registrar who shall enter that fact and the date thereof in the book provided for the registration of buildings, and shall certify and publish the cancellation, or the substitution and registration, in die manner provided by subsection (5) of the last foregoing section in the case of the original registration of a building.

(4) Where any building is registered under this section in substitution for another, the superintendent registrar shall be entitied to receive, at the time of the delivery of the certificates under subsection (2) of this section, the sum of three pounds.

(5) Where the registration of any building has been cancelled, or any building has been registered in substitution for another, under this section, it shall not be lawful to solemnize any marriage in the disused building, unless the building has been registered again in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act.

43.—(1) For the purpose of enabling marriages to be solemnized in a registered building without the presence of a registrar, the trustees or governing body of that building may authorise a person to be present at the solemnization of marriages in that building and, where a person is so authorised in respect of any registered building, the trustees or governing body of that building shall, within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, certify the name and address of the person so authorised to the Registrar General and to the superintendent registrar of the registration district in which the building is situated.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1649

(2) Any person whose name and address have been certified Part ill. as aforesaid is in this Act referred to as an " authorised —cont. person ".

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to relate or have any reference to marriages solemnized according to the usages of the Society of Friends or of persons professing the Jewish religion.

44.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where Solemnization a notice of marriage and certificate issued by a superintendent of marriage in registrar state that a marriage between the persons named registered therein is intended to be solemnized in a registered building, bmldin* the marriage may be solemnized in that building according to such form ana ceremony as those persons may see fit to adopt:

Provided that no marriage shall be solemnized in any registered building without the consent of the minister or of one of the trustees, owners, deacons or managers thereof, or in the case of a registered building of the Roman Catholic Church, without the consent of the officiating minister thereof.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a marriage solemnized in a registered building shall be solemnized with open doors in the presence of two or more witnesses and in the presence of either—

(a) a registrar of the registration district in which the registered building is situated, or

(b) an authorised person whose name and address have been certified m accordance with the last foregoing section by the trustees or governing body of that registered building or of some other registered building in the same registration district.

(3) Where a marriage is solemnized in a registered building each of the persons contracting the marriage shall, in some part of the ceremony and in the presence of the witnesses and the registrar or authorised person, make the following declaration: —

" I do solemnly declare that I know not of any lawful impediment why I, AB, may not be joined in matrimony to CD *'

and each of them shall say to the other:—

" I call upon these persons here present to witness that I, AB, do take thee, CD, to be my lawful wedded wife [or husband] ":

Provided that if the marriage is solemnized in the presence of an authorised person without the presence of a registrar,

3 H*

1650

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part ill. the persons to be married, instead of saying each to the other contm the last-mentioned form of words, may say: —

" I, AB, do take thee, CD, to be my wedded wife [or husband] ".

(4) A marriage shall not be solemnized in a registered building without the presence of a registrar until duplicate marriage register books have been supplied by the Registrar General under Part IV of this Act to the authorised person or to the trustees or governing body of the building.

(5) If the Registrar General is not satisfied with respect to any building registered or proposed to be registered for the solemnization of marriages therein that sufficient security exists for the due registration of marriages by an authorised person under Part IV of this Act and for the safe custody of marriage register books, he may in his discretion attach to the continuance of the registration, or to the registration, of the building a condition that no marriage may be solemnized therein without the presence of a registrar.

Marriages in register offices.

Solemnization 45.—(1) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized on

oi mamage the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar, in register the persons to be married may state in the notice of marriage

office. that they wish to be married in the office of the superintendent

registrar or one of the superintendent registrars, as the case may be, to whom notice of marriage is given, and where any such notice has been given and the certificate or certificate and licence, as the case may be, has or have been issued accordingly, the marriage may be solemnized in the said office, with open doors, in the presence of the superintendent registrar and a registrar of the registration district of that superintendent registrar and in the presence of two witnesses, and the persons to be married shall make the declarations and use the form of words set out in subsection (3) of the last foregoing section in the case of marriages in registered buildings in the presence of a registrar.

(2) No religious service shall be used at any marriage solemnized in the office of a superintendent registrar.

Register 46.—(1) If the parties to a marriage solemnized in the

office marriage office of a superintendent registrar desire to add the religious " by ceremony ordained or used by the church or persuasion of

ceremony. which they are members, they may present themselves, after

giving notice of their intention so to do, to the clergyman or minister of the church or persuasion of which they are members, and the clergyman or minister, upon the production of a certificate of their marriage before the superintendent

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1651

registrar and upon the payment of the customary fees (if any). Part III. may, if he sees fit, read or celebrate in the church or chapel of —cotU*

which he is the regular minister the marriage service of the church or persuasion to which he belongs or nominate some other minister to do so.

(2) Nothing in the reading or celebration of a marriage service under this section shall supersede or invalidate any marriage previously solemnized in the office of a superintendent registrar, and the reading or celebration shall not be entered as a marriage in any marriage register book kept under Part IV of this Act.

(3) No person who is not entitled to solemnize marriages according to the rites of the Church of England shall by virtue of this section be entitled to read or celebrate the marriage service in any church or chapel of the Church of England.

Marriages according to usages of Society of Friends.

47.—(1) No person who is not a member of the Society of Marriages Friends shall be married according to the usages of that according to Society unless he or she is authorised to be so married under S!??8 of or in pursuance of a general rule of the said Society inS£f]!*£0 England.

(2) A marriage solemnized according to the said usages shall not be valid unless either—

(a) the person giving notice of marriage declares, either

verbally or, if so required, in writing, that each of the parties to the marriage is either a member of the Society of Friends or is in profession with or of the persuasion of that Society; or

(b) there is produced to the superintendent registrar, at the time when notice of marriage is given, a certificate purporting to be signed by a registering officer of the Society of Friends in England to the effect that any party to the marriage who is not a member of the Society of Friends or m profession with or of the persuasion of that Society, is authorised to be married according to the said usages under or in pursuance of a general rule of the said Society in England.

(3) Any such certificate as aforesaid shall be for all purposes conclusive evidence that any person to whom it relates is authorised to be married according to the usages of the said Society, and the entry of the marriage in a marriage register book under Part IV of this Act, or a certified copy thereof made under the said Part IV, shall be conclusive evidence of the production of such a certificate.

3 H* 2

im

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III.

—cont.

Proof of certain matters not necessary to validity of marriages.

Void

marriages.

(4) A copy of any general rule of the Society of Friends purporting to be signed by the recording clerk for the time being of the said Society in London shall be admitted as evidence of the general rule in all proceedings touching the validity of any marriage solemnized according to the usages of Hie said Society.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

48. —(1) Where any marriage has been solemnized under the provisions of this Part of this Act, it shall not be necessary in support of the marriage to give any proof—

(a) that before the marriage either of the parties thereto resided, or resided for any period, in the registration district stated in the notice of marriage to be that of his or her place of residence;

(b) that any person whose consent to the marriage was required by section three of this Act had given his consent;

(c) that the registered building in which the marriage was solemnized had been certified as required by law as a place of religious worship;

(d) that that building was the usual place of worship of either of the parties to the marriage; or

(e) that the facts stated in a declaration made under subsection (1) of section thirty-five of this Act were correct;

nor shall any evidence be given to prove the contrary in any proceedings touching the validity of the marriage.

(2) A marriage solemnized in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act in a registered building which has not been certified as required by law as a place of religious worship shall be as valid as if the building had been so certified.

49. If any persons knowingly and wilfully intermarry under the provisions of this Part of this Act—

(a) without having given due notice of marriage to the superintendent registrar;

(b) without a certificate for marriage having been duly issued by the superintendent registrar to whom notice of marriage was given;

(c) without a licence having been so issued, in a case in which a licence is necessary;

(d) on the authority of a certificate which is void by virtue of subsection (2) of section thirty-three of this Act;

1949 Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

(e) in any place other than the church, chapel, registered building, office or other place specified in the notice of marriage and certificate of the superintendent registrar;

(/) in the case of a marriage in a registered building (not being a marriage in the presence of an authorised person) , in the absence of a registrar of the registration district in which the registered building is situated; or

(g) in the case of a marriage in the office of a superintendent registrar, in the absence of the superintendent registrar or of a registrar of the registration district of that superintendent registrar;

the marriage shall be void.

50.—(i) Where a marriage is intended to be solemnized on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar, the certificate or, if notice of marriage has been given to more than one superintendent registrar, the certificates shall be delivered to the following person, that is to say: —

(a) if the marriage is to be solemnized in a registered building in the presence of a registrar, that registrar;

(b) if the marriage is to be solemnized in a registered building without the presence of a registrar, the authorised person in whose presence the marriage is to be solemnized;

(c) if the marriage is to be solemnized in the office of a superintendent registrar, the registrar in whose presence the marriage is to be solemnized;

(d) if the marriage is to be solemnized according to the usages of the Society of Friends, the registering officer of that Society for the place where the marriage is to be solemnized;

(e) if the marriage is to be solemnized according to the usages of persons professing the Jewish religion, the officer of a synagogue by whom the marriage is required to be registered under Part IV of this Act;

(/) if the marriage is to be solemnized according to the rites of the Church of England, the officiating clergyman.

(2) In the application of the last foregoing subsection to a marriage solemnized otherwise than according to the rites of the Church of England, the reference therein to a certificate shall, if the marriage is by licence, be construed as a reference to the certificate and licence.

1653!

Part III.

—cont.

Person ta whom certificate to be delivered.

1654

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part III.

—cont.

Fees of registrars for attending marriages.

Provision for marriages in Welsh language.

Persons by whom

marriages are to be

registered.

(3) Where a marriage is solemnized in a registered building without the presence of a registrar, the certificate or certificate and licence, as the case may be, shall be kept in the prescribed custody and shall be produced with the marriage register books kept by the authorised person under Part IV of this Act as and when required by the Registrar General.

51. A registrar shall be entitled to receive from persons married under this Part of this Act in his presence the sum of ten shillings if the marriage is by licence and, in any other case, the sum of five shillings.

52. The Registrar General shall furnish to every registrar in Wades and in every place in which the Welsn language is commonly used a true and exact translation into the Welsh language of the declaration and form of words required to be used under section forty-four of this Act, and the said translation may be used in any place in which die Welsh language is commonly used in the same manner as is prescribed by the said section forty-four for the use of the declaration and form of words in the English language.

Part IV.

Registration of Marriages.

53. Subject to the provisions of Part V of this Act, a marriage shall be registered in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act by the following person, that is to say,—

(a) in the case of a marriage solemnized according to the rites of the Church of England, by the clergyman by whom the marriage is solemnized;

(b) in the case of a marriage solemnized according to the usages of the Society of Friends, by the registering officer of that Society appointed for the (Estrict in which the marriage is solemnized;

(c) in the case of a marriage solemnized according to the usages of persons professing the Jewish religion, by the secretary of the synagogue of which the husband is a member;

(d) in the case of a marriage solemnized in a registered building in the presence of a registrar, by that registrar;

(e) in the case of a marriage solemnized in a registered building without the presence of a registrar, by the

1949

1655

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

authorised person in whose presence the marriage Part iv. is solemnized; —tont.

(/) in the case of a marriage solemnized in the office of a superintendent registrar, by the registrar in whose presence the marriage is solemnized.

54. —(i) The Registrar General shall furnish to the rector, Provision of vicar or curate in charge of every church and chapel in which marriage marriages may be solemnized according to the rites of the re£ister Church of England (hereafter in this Part of this Act re-

ferred to as the incumbent ") and to every registering officer Genemh of the Society of Friends, secretary of a synagogue and registrar and, in the case of a registered building for which an authorised person has been appointed, to the authorised person or to the trustees or governing body of the building, such number of register books for making entries of marriages in the prescribed form, and such number of forms for making certified copies of those entries, as may be required for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(2) Marriage register books furnished as aforesaid shall be of durable materials, and the heads of information required to be known and registered in relation to marriages shall be printed on each side of every leaf thereof; and every page of a marriage register book, and every place of entry therein, shall be numbered progressively from the beginning to the end of the book, beginning with the number one, and every entry shall be divided from the following entry by a printed line.

55. —(1) Every person who is required under this Part of Manner of this Act to register a marriage shall, immediately after the registration solemnization of the marriage, or, in the case of a marriage oi mamage* according to the usages of the Society of Friends, as soon as conveniently may be after the solemnization of the marriage,

register in duplicate in two marriage register books the particulars relating to the marriage in file prescribed form:

Provided that—

(a) where a registrar is required to register a marriage as aforesaid, the said particulars need not be registered in duplicate;

(b) before registering a marriage in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act, a registering officer of the Society of Friends and a secretary of a synagogue shall, whether or not he was present at the marriage, satisfy himself that the proceedings in relation to the marriage were conformable to the usages of the said Society or of persons professing the Jewish religion, as the case may be.

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

1656

Ch. 76

Part iv. (2) Every entry made in a marriage register book by virtue —cont- of this section by a clergyman, registering officer, secretary or authorised person shall be signed by the clergyman, registering officer, secretary or authorised person, as the case may be, and by the parties to the marriage and two witnesses, and every entry so made by a registrar shall be signed by the person by or before whom the marriage was solemnized, if any, and by the registrar, the parties to the marriage and two witnesses.

(3) Every entry made in a marriage register book by virtue of this section shall be made in consecutive order from the beginning to the end of each book and, in the case of an entry made otherwise than by a registrar, the number of the entry shall be the same in each duplicate marriage register book.

Power to ask 56. Every person who is required under this Part of this for particulars Act to register a marriage may ask the parties to the marriage of mamage. partjclQars relating to the marriage which are required to be entered in the marriage register book.

Quarterly 57.—(1) Every incumbent, registering officer of the Society

returns to be of Friends, secretary of a synagogue, authorised person and madrintendent ^ipstrar shall in the months of January, April, July and registrar"11 October—

(a) make and deliver to the superintendent registrar, on forms supplied by the Registrar General, a true copy certified by him under his hand of all entries of marriages made in the marriage register book kept by him during the period of three months ending with the last day of the month immediately before me month in which the copy is required by this subsection to be made; or

(b) if no marriage has been registered in the said book

during that period, deliver to the superintendent registrar a certificate of that fact under his hand, on a form supplied by the Registrar General.

(2) The certified copies and certificates required to be delivered by a registrar under the last foregoing subsection shall be delivered to the superintendent registrar on such days in the months of January, April, July and October as may be appointed by the Registrar General, and shall be certified by the registrar in the prescribed form.

(3) Any incumbent and any authorised person who is required by subsection (1) of this section to deliver to the superintendent registrar a certified copy of entries in the

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1657

marriage register book or a certificate that no marriage has been registered, may deliver the copy or certificate to any registrar who is under the sujjerintendence of that superintendent registrar, and every registrar who receives such a certified copy or certificate shall deliver it to the superintendent registrar; and a superintendent registrar may direct the registrars under his superintendence quarterly or more often, if he thinks fit or is ordered so to do by the Registrar General, to collect any such certified copies or certificates from every incumbent and authorised person within his registration district.

(4) The superintendent registrar shall pay or cause to be paid to every incumbent and authorised person by whom a certified copy is delivered under subsection (1) of mis section the sum of sixpence for every entry contained in the certified copy; and that sum shall be reimbursed to the superintendent registrar by the council of the county or county borough in which his registration district is situated:

Provided that where a registration district is in the administrative county of London the said sum shall be reimbursed to the superintendent registrar by—

(a) in the case of a registration district in a metropolitan

borough, the council of that borough;

(b) in the case of a registration district in the City of London, the Common Council of that City.

(5) Where a certified copy is delivered to the superintendent registrar by a registrar under subsection (1) of this section, the superintendent registrar shall verify the copy and, if the copy is found to be correct, shall certify it under his hand to be a true copy; and where a certificate that no marriage has been registered is so delivered, the superintendent registrar shall countersign the certificate.

(61 A superintendent registrar who is not a salaried officer shall be entitled to receive the sum of two pence for every entry in the certified copies delivered to him under this section, and shall four times in every year make out an account of the number of entries in the certified copies delivered to him during the preceding three months.

58.—(1) Every superintendent registrar shall, four times in every year on such days as may be appointed by the Registrar General, send to the Registrar General all certified copies of entries in marriage register books which he has received during the three months immediately before the days so appointed respectively, and if it appears, by interruption of the regular progression of numbers or otherwise, that the copy of any part of any book has not been duly delivered to him, the superintendent registrar shall as far as possible

Pari IV.

—cont.

Quarterly returns to be made by superintendent registrar to Registrar General.

1658

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part rv. procure, consistently with the provisions of this Part of this —to*' Act, that the deficiency is remedied.

(2) The certified copies sent to the Registrar General under the last foregoing subsection shall be kept in the General Register Office in such order and such manner as the Registrar General, under the direction of the Minister of Health, may think fit so that they may be most readily seen and examined.

Custody of 59. Every incumbent, registering officer of the Society of register books. Fiends, secretary of a synagogue, authorised person and registrar shall keep marriage register books safely until they are filled, so however that any register book kept by an authorised person shall be kept in accordance with regulations made under section seventy-four of this Act and any register book kept by a registrar shall, when not in use, be kept in the register box provided for the purpose by the Registrar General in accordance with section fourteen of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836.

. . 60.—(1) Where any marriage register book required to

regls r ’ be kept in duplicate under this Part of this Act is filed, one copy thereof snail be delivered to the superintendent registrar and the other copy—

(1 a) in the case of a register book kept by an incumbent, shall remain in the custody of the incumbent and be kept by him with the registers of baptisms and burials of the parish or other ecclesiastical district in which the marriages registered therein have been solemnized;

(6) in the case of a register book kept by a registering officer of the Society of Friends or by the secretary of a synagogue, shall remain in the custody of the members of the Society of Friends or of persons professing the Jewish religion, as the case may be, to be kept with the other registers and records of the said Society or of the said persons, and shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be in the keeping of the registering officer or secretary for the time being, as the case may be;

(c) in the case of a register book kept by an authorised person, shall be kept in prescribed custody.

(2) Where a marriage register book kept by a registrar is filled, the registrar shall deliver it to the superintendent registrar to be kept by him with the records of his office.

Correction of 61.—(1) A person required to register a marriage under

errors in this Part of this Act who discovers an error in the form or register book. substance of an entry made in a marriage register book kept by him shall not be liable to any penalty by reason only that,

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1659

within one month after the discovery of the error, he corrects Part rv the erroneous entiy in the presence of the parties to the cofU-

marriage to which the entry relates or, in the case of the death or absence of either of those parties, in the presence of the superintendent registrar and two other credible witnesses, by entry in the margin of the register book, without any alteration of the original entry.

(2) Any such marginal entry as aforesaid shall be signed by the person by whom the entry is made and shall be attested by the persons in whose presence the entry is required to be made under the last foregoing subsection, and the person by whom the entry is made snail add the date when it is made.

(3) Where any such marginal entiy is made by a person who is required to register marriages in duplicate under this Part of this Act, that person shall make the like entry, attested in the like manner, in the duplicate marriage register book.

(4) Any person who makes any such marginal entry as aforesaid shall make the like entry in the certified copy of the register book required to be made by him under this Part of this Act or, if a certified copy has already been delivered to the superintendent registrar, shall make and deliver to the superintendent registrar a separate certified copy of the original erroneous entry and of the marginal correction made therein.

(5) Where a marriage to which an erroneous entry in a marriage register relates has been solemnized according to the rites of the Church of England and either of the parties to the marriage is dead or absent, the reference in subsection (1) of this section to the superintendent registrar and two other credible witnesses shall be construed as a reference either to those persons or to the church wardens or chapel wardens of the church or chapel in which the marriage was solemnized.

62.—(1) Where any church or chapel of the Church of Disposal of England ceases to be used for the solemnization of marriages, r^f*er whether by reason of demolition, revocation of a licence or cj^h°c«u»ng otherwise, any marriage register books in the custody of the be used for incumbent of that church or chapel shall forthwith be delivered solemnization to the incumbent of the church which is, or becomes, the of marriages, parish church of the parish in which the disused church or chapel is situated.

(2) Any incumbent to whom any marriage register books have been delivered under the last foregoing subsection—

(a) shall, when he next delivers to the superintendent registrar under this Part of this Act a certified copy

1660

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part IV.

—cont.

of the entries in the marriage register books of marriages solemnized in the parish church, deliver also a copy of all entries which have been made in the first mentioned marriage register books after the date of the last entry therein of which a certified copy has already been delivered to the superintendent registrar; and

(6) shall, unless the said first mentioned marriage register books are the only register books in use for the

Earish, forward such of the said books as have not een filled to the Registrar General in order that they may be formally dosed.

Searches in 63.—(i) Every incumbent, registering officer of the Society

register books. of Friends, secretary of a synagogue and registrar by whom a marriage register book is kept shall at all reasonable hours allow searches to be made in any marriage register book in his keeping, and shall give a copy certified under his hand of any entry in such a book, on payment of the following fee, that is to say—

(a) for every search covering a period of not more than one year, the sum of one shilling, and for every search covering a period of more than one year, the sum of one shilling for the first year together with an additional sixpence for every additional year; and

(b) for every certified copy, the sum of two shillings and sixpence.

(2) The last foregoing subsection shall apply in the case of a registered building for which an authorised person has been appointed with the substitution for the reference to the incumbent of a reference to the person having the custody of a marriage register book in accordance with regulations made under section seventy-four of this Act.

Searches of 64.—(1) Every superintendent registrar shall cause indexes

indexes kept of the marriage register books in his office to be made and

superintendent *° ^cePt &e °ther records of his office, and the

regisSars. Registrar General shall supply to every superintendent registrar suitable forms for the making of such indexes.

(2) Any person shall be entitled at all reasonable hours to search the said indexes, and to have a certified copy of any entry in the said marriage register books under the hand of the superintendent registrar, on payment to the superintendent registrar of the following fee, that is to say: —

(1 a)for every general search, the sum of five shillings:

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1661

(b) for every particular search, the sum of one shilling; Part iv.

and coni*

(c) for every certified copy, the sum of two shillings and sixpence.

65. —(i) The Registrar General shall cause indexes of all Searches of

certified copies of entries in marriage register books sent to indexes kept him under this Part of this Act to be made and kept in the *7 Registrar General Register Office. GenoraI*

(2) Any person shall be entitled to search the said indexes between the hours of ten in the morning and four in the afternoon of every day, except Sundays, Christmas Day and Good Friday, and to have a certified copy of any entry in the said certified copies of marriage register books, on payment to the Registrar General or to such other person as may be appointed to act on his behalf of the following fee, that is to say:—

(a) for every general search, the sum of twenty shillings;

(b) for every particular search, the sum of one shilling; and

(c) for every certified copy, the sum of two shillings and sixpence.

(3) The Registrar General shall cause all certified copies of entries given in the General Register Office to be sealed or stamped with the seal of that Office; and any certified copy of an entry purporting to be sealed or stamped with the said seal shall be received as evidence of the marriage to which it relates without any further or other proof of the entry, and no certified copy purporting to have been given in the said Office shall be of any force or effect unless it is sealed or stamped as aforesaid.

(4) Every sum received under this section by or on behalf of the Registrar General shall be accounted for by the Registrar General and paid by him, at such times as the Treasury from time to time may direct, into the Exchequer.

66. Any certificate, return or other document required by Sending this Part of this Act to be delivered or sent to the Registrar documents General, a superintendent registrar or a registrar may be sentby p09t’ by post.

67. In this Part of this Act, except where the context other- Interpretation wise requires, the following expressions have the meanings of Part IV-hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say: —

" general search" means a search conducted during any number of successive hours not exceeding six, without the object of the search being specified;

1662

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part IV.

—cont.

" incumbent " has the meaning assigned to it by section fifty-four of this Act;

" particular search" means a search of the indexes covering a period not exceeding five years for a specified entry;

" registering officer of the Society of Friends" means a person whom the recording clerk of the Society of Friends certifies in writing under his hand to the Registrar General to be a registering officer in England of that Society;

" secretary of a synagogue " means—

(a) a person whom the President of the London Committee of Deputies of the British Jews certifies in writing to the Registrar General to be the secretary of a synagogue in England of persons professing the Jewish religion;

(b) the person whom twenty householders professing the Jewish religion and being members of the West London Synagogue of British Jews certify in writing to the Registrar General to be the secretary of that Synagogue;

(c) a person whom the secretary of the said Synagogue certifies in writing to be the secretary of some other synagogue of not less than twenty householders professing the Jewish religion, being a synagogue which is connected with the said West London Synagogue and has been established for not less than one year;

" superintendent registrar " means—

(a) in the case of a marriage registered by a clergyman, the superintendent registrar of the registration district in which the church or chapel in which the marriage was solemnized is situated;

(b) in the case of a marriage registered by a registering officer of the Society of Friends, the superintendent registrar of the registration district which is assigned by the Registrar General to that registering officer;

(c) in the case of a marriage registered by the secretary of a synagogue, the superintendent registrar of the registration district which is assigned by the Registrar General to that secretary;

(d) in the case of a marriage registered by an authorised person, the superintendent registrar of

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

166*

the registration district in which the registered Part iy. building in which the marriage was solemnized is situated;

(e) in the case of a marriage registered by a registrar, the superintendent registrar of the registration district within which that registrar was appointed to act.

Part V.

Marriages in Naval, Military, and Air Force Chapels.

68.—(i) The use of any chapel to which this Part of this Solemnization Act applies for the publication therein of banns of marriages to ?f marriages which this Part of this Act applies, and for the solemnization and

therein, whether according to the rites of the Church of Eng- 2J. force land or otherwise, of such marriages, may be authorised under chapels, and subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act.

(2) This Part of this Act shall apply only to chapels which are certified by the Admiralty to be naval chapels and to chapels which are certified by a Secretary of State to be military or air force chapels, and shall aj)ply only to marriages between parties of whom one at least is a qualified person, that is to say a person who, at the relevant date—

(a) is serving in the Royal Navy, the Royal Marines, the Regular Land Forces or the Regular Air Forces; or

(b) has served in any force mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph otherwise than with a commission

Red or under an engagement entered into only e purpose of a war or other national emergency;

or

(c) is, as a member of a reserve of officers, a reserve force, the Territorial Army or the Auxiliary Air Force, called out on actual or permanent service or embodied; or

(d) is a woman actually employed in any capacity specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, as amended by any Order in Council for the time being in force under this section, in the service of any force mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection; or

(e) is a daughter of a person qualified under any of the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection.

1664 Ch. 76 Marriage Act, 1949 12 & 13 GfiO. 6

Past v. (3) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, the —covU‘ expression " relevant date " means—

(a) in a case where notice is given under section eight of this Act before publications of banns, the date of the notice;

(b) in a case where banns are published without such notice, the date of the first publication of banns;

(c) in a case where an oath is taken under section sixteen of this Act for the purpose of obtaining a common licence, the date of talong the oath;

(d) in any other case, the date when notice of marriage is given to the superintendent registrar under section twenty-seven of this Act;

and the expression " daughter " includes a daughter adopted under the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, but does not include a step-daughter.

(4) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that subject to any exceptions specified in the Order, there shall be added to Part I, Part II or Part III of the Third Schedule to this Act, women in the service of any of His Majesty's naval, military or air forces respectively in such capacities as may be specified in the Order.

(5) An Order in Council made under the last foregoing subsection may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

(6) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall be taken to confer upon any person a right to be married in a chapel to which this Part of this Act applies.

Licensing of chapels fen* marriages according to rites of Church of England.

69.—(1) With respect to marriages according to the rites of the Church of England, the bishop of the diocese in which any chapel to which this Part of this Act applies is situated may, on the application of the Admiralty, m the case of a naval chapel, or of a Secretary of State, in the case of any other chapel, by licence authorise the publication of banns of marriages to which this Part of this Act applies, and the solemnization of such marriages, in the chapel, and while any such licence in respect of the chapel is in force—

(ft) any such banns or marriages which could lawfully be published or solemnized in the parish church of file parish in which the chapel is situated may be published or solemnized in the chapel; and

(b) the foregoing provisions of this Act relating to marriages according to the rites of the Church of England (excluding the provisions specified in Part I of the Fourth Schedule to this Act) shall apply in

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1665

relation to the chapel, and in relation to the publication of banns therein, and in relation to marriages solemnized or intended to be solemnized therein according to those rites, as if the chapel were a parish church:

Provided that the provisions of this Act specified in Part II of the said Schedule shall apply subject to the modifications specified in that Part.

(2) Where a licence has been issued in respect of a chapel under this section, the bishop of the diocese in which the chapel is situated may at any time, and shall on the application of the Admiralty or a Secretary of State, revoke the licence.

(3) Upon the issue or revocation of a licence under this section, the registrar of the diocese shall register that fact and give notice thereof in writing to the Admiralty or a Secretary of State, as the case may be, who shall cause a copy of the notice to be published in the London Gazette and in some newspaper circulating in the diocese and to be sent to the Registrar General.

(4) The Admiralty or any person authorised by them, in the case of a naval chapel licensed under this section, and a Secretary of State or any person authorised by him, in the case of any other chapel so licensed, shall appoint one or more clergymen for the purpose of registering marriages solemnized in the chapel according to the rites of the Church of England, and no marriage shall be solemnized in the chapel according to those rites except in the presence of a clergyman so appointed.

(5) The provisions of this Act, and of any regulations made under section seventy-four of this Act, relating to the registration of marriages by authorised persons shall apply in relation to marriages solemnized according to the rites of the Church of England in a chapel licensed under this section as they apply in relation to marriages solemnized in a registered building without the presence of a registrar, subject to the following modifications: —

(a) for any reference in those provisions to an authorised person there shall be substituted a reference to a clergyman appointed under this section, and

(b) for any reference in those provisions to the trustees or governing body of a registered building there shall be substituted a reference to the Admiralty or any person authorised by them, in the case of a naval chapel, and a reference to a Secretary of State or any person authorised by him, in the case of any other chapel.

Part V

—cont.

1666

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part V.

—cont.

Registration of chapels for marriages otherwise than according to rites of Church of England.

Evidence of marriages under Part V

70.—(i) With respect to marriages otherwise than according to the rites of the Church of England, the Registrar General shall, on the application of the Admiralty, in the case of a naval chapel, or of a Secretary of State, in the case of any other chapel, register any chapel to which this Part of this Act applies for the solemnization therein of marriages to which this Part of this Act applies, and while any chapel is so registered—

(a) any such marriages which could lawfully be solemnized in a registered building situated m the same registration district as the chapel, may be solemnized in the chapel; and

(b) the foregoing provisions of this Act relating to marriages otherwise than according to the rites of the Church of England and to the registration of such marriages (excluding the provisions specified in Part III of the Fourth Schedule to this Act) shall apply in relation to the chapel, and in relation to marriages solemnized or intended to be solemnized therein otherwise than according to those rites, as if the chapel were a registered building:

Provided that the provisions of this Act specified in Part IV of the said Schedule shall apply subject to the modifications specified in that Part.

(2) The Registrar General shall, on the application of the Admiralty or a Secretary of State, as the case may be, cancel the registration of any chapel registered by him under this section.

(3) Immediately after registering, or cancelling the registration of, any chapel under this section, the Registrar General shall cause notice of that fact to be published in the London Gazette and in some newspaper circulating in the registration district in which the chapel is situated and to be given to the superintendent registrar of that district, who shall record the registration or cancellation in such manner as may be prescribed by the Registrar General.

71. Where a marriage has been solemnized under this Part of this Act, it shall not be necessary, in support of the marriage, to give any proof—

(a) that the chapel in which the marriage was solemnized was certified or licensed or registered in accordance with this Part of this Act; or

(b) that either of the parties was a qualified person within the meaning of this Part of this Act; or

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1667

(c) in the case of a marriage according to the rites of the Church of England, that the marriage was solemnized in the presence of a clergyman duly appointed under this Part of this Act for file purpose of registering marriages;

and no evidence shall be given to prove the contrary in any proceedings touching the validity of any such marriage.

Part VI.

General.

72.—(i) For the purposes of the following provisions of this Act, that is to say, subsection (4) of section six, paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section fifteen and subsection (3) of section thirty-five, no parish church or authorised chapel shall be deemed to be the usual place of worship of any person unless he is enrolled on the church electoral roll of the area in which that church or chapel is situated, and where any person is enrolled on the church electoral roll of an area in which he does not reside that enrolment shall be sufficient evidence that his usual place of worship is a parish church or authorised chapel in that area.

(2) Persons intending to be married shall have the like but no greater right of having their banns published and marriage solemnized by virtue of the said provisions in a parish church or authorised chapel which is the usual place of worship of one or both of them as they have of having their banns published and marriage solemnized in the parish church or public chapel of the parish or chapelry in which they or one of them resides.

(3) Where any marriage has been solemnized by virtue of the said provisions it shall not be necessary in support of the marriage to give any proof of the actual enrolment of the parties or of one of them on the church electoral roll of the area in which the parish church or authorised chapel in which the marriage was solemnized was situated, nor shall any evidence be given to prove the contrary in any proceedings touching the validity of the marriage.

(4) In this section the expression " church electoral roll" means a church electoral roll provision for which is made in the Rules for the Representation of the Laity contained in the Schedule to the Representation of the Laity Measure, 1929.

Pa*t V.

—cont.

Supplementary provisions as to marriages in usual places of worship.

1668

Part . VI —coni. Lists of licensed chapels and registered buildings.

Regulations.

Offences relating to solemnization of marriages.

Ch. 76 Marriage , 1949 12 & 13 Geo. 6

73. —(i) The registrar of every diocese shall, within fifteen days after the first day of January in every year, make out and send by post to the Registrar General at his office a list of all chapels within that diocese in which marriages may be solemnized according to the rites of the Church of England (being chapels which belong to the Church of England or have been licensed under Part V of this Act), and shall distinguish in that list which chapels have a parish, chapelry or other recognised ecclesiastical division annexed to mem, which are chapels licensed under section twenty of this Act and which are chapels licensed under the said Part V, and, in the case of chapels licensed under the said section twenty, shall state in the list the district for which each chapel is licensed according to the description thereof in the licence.

(2) The Registrar General shall in every year make out and cause to be printed a list of all chapels included in any list sent to him under the last foregoing subsection and of all registered buildings and shall state in that list the county and registration district within which each chapel or registered building is situated and the names and places of residence of the superintendent registrars, registrars and deputy registrars of each district.

(3) A copy of every list made by the Registrar General under the last foregoing subsection shall be sent to every registrar and superintendent registrar.

74. The Registrar General, with the approval of the Minister of Health, may by statutory instrument make regulations—

(a) prescribing the duties of superintendent registrars, registrars, and authorised persons under this Act;

(b) prescribing any thing which by this Act is required to be prescribed.

75. —(1) Any person who knowingly and wilfully—

(a) solemnizes a marriage at any other time than between

the hours of eight in the forenoon and six in the afternoon (not being a marriage by special licence, a marriage according to the usages of the Society of Friends or a marriage between two persons professing the Jewish religion according to the usages of the Jews);

(b) solemnizes a marriage according to the rites of the Church of England without banns of matrimony having been duly published (not being a marriage solemnized on the authority of a special licence, a common licence or a certificate of a superintendent registrar);

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1669

(c) solemnizes a marriage according to the said rites (not being a marriage by special licence) in any place other than a church or other building in which banns may be published;

(d) solemnizes a marriage according to the said rites falsely pretending to be in Holy Orders;

shall be guilty of felony and shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding fourteen years.

(2) Any person who knowingly and wilfully—

(a) solemnizes a marriage (not being a marriage by special licence, a marriage according to the usages of the Society of Friends or a marriage between two persons professing the Jewish religion according to the usages of the Jews) in any place other than—

(i) a church or other building in which marriages may be solemnized according to the rites of file Church of England, or

(ii) the registered building or office specified in the notice of marriage and certificate required under Part III of this Act;

(b) solemnizes a marriage in any such registered building

as aforesaid (not being a marriage in the presence of an authorised person) in the absence of a registrar of the district in which the registered building is situated;

(c) solemnizes a marriage in the office of a superintendent

registrar in the absence of a registrar of the district in which the office is situated;

(d) solemnizes a marriage on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar (not being a marriage by licence) within twenty-one days after the day on which the notice of marriage was entered in the marriage notice book; or

(e) solemnizes a marriage on the authority of a certificate of a superintendent registrar after the expiration of three months from the said day on which the notice of marriage was entered as aforesaid;

shall be guilty of felony and shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years.

(3) A superintendent registrar who knowingly and wilfully—

(a) issues any certificate for marriage (not being a marriage by licence) before the expiration of twenty-one days from the day on which the notice of marriage

Part VI

—cont.

1670

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part VI.

—cont.

Offences relating to registration of marriages.

was entered in the marriage notice book, or issues a certificate for marriage by licence before the expiration of one whole day from the said day on which the notice was entered as aforesaid;

(6) issues any certificate or licence for marriage after the expiration of three months from the said day;

(c) issues any certificate the issue of which has been forbidden under section thirty of this Act by any person entitled to forbid the issue of such a certificate; or

(d) solemnizes or permits to be solemnized in his office

any marriage which is void by virtue of any of the provisions of Part III of this Act;

shall be guilty of felony and shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years.

(4) No prosecution under this section shall be commenced after the expiration of three years from the commission of the offence.

(5) Any reference in subsection (2) of this section to a registered building shall be construed as including a reference to any chapel registered under section seventy of this Act.

76.—(1) Any person who refuses or without reasonable cause omits to register any marriage which he is required by this Act to register, and any person having the custody of a marriage register book or a certified copy of a marriage register book or part thereof who carelessly loses or injures the said book or copy or carelessly allows the said book or copy to be injured while in his keeping, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2) Where any person who is required under Part IV of this Act to make and deliver to a superintendent registrar a certified copy of entries made in the marriage register book kept by him, or a certificate that no entries have been made therein since the date of the last certified copy, refuses to deliver any such copy or certificate, or fails to deliver any such copy or certificate during any month in which he is required to do so, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(3) Any registrar who knowingly and wilfully registers any marriage which is void by virtue of any of the provisions of Part III of this Act shall be guilty of felony and shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years.

1949 Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

(4) The balance of any sum paid or recovered on account of a fine imposed under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, after making any such payments in respect of court or police fees as are mentioned in paragraphs (a), (6) and (c) of subsection (1) of section five of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914, shall be paid—

(a) in the case of a fine imposed under subsection (1) of this section, into the Exchequer; and

(b) in the case of a fine imposed under subsection (2) of this section, to the Registrar General or such other person as may be appointed by the Treasury, for the use of His Majesty.

(5) Subject as may be prescribed, a superintendent registrar may prosecute any person guilty of an offence under either of the said subsections committed within his district, and any costs incurred by the superintendent registrar in prosecuting such a person, being costs which are not otherwise provided for, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(6) No prosecution under subsection (3) of this section shall be commenced after the expiration of three years from the commission of the offence.

77. Any authorised person who refuses or fails to comply Offences by with the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made authorised under section seventy-four thereof shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and, unless the offence is one for which a specific penalty is provided under the foregoing provisions

of this Part of this Act, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and shall upon conviction cease to be an authorised person.

78. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise interpretation, requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" authorised chapel " means—

(a) in relation to a chapelry, a chapel of the chapelry in which banns of matrimony could lawfully be published immediately before the passing of the Marriage Act, 1823, or m which banns may be published and marriages may be solemnized by virtue of section two of the Marriages Confirmation Act, 1825, or of an authorisation given under section three of the Marriage Act, 1823;

(b) in relation to an extra-parochial place, a church or chapel of that place in which banns may

1671

Part VI.

—cont.

1672

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

be published and marriages may be solemnized by virtue of section two of the Marriages Confirmation Act, 1825, or of an authorisation given under section three of the Marriage Act, 1823, or section twenty-one of this Act;

(c)« in relation to a district specified in a licence granted under section twenty of this Act, the chapel in which banns may be published and marriages may be solemnized by virtue of that licence;

" authorised person " has the meaning assigned to it by section forty-three of this Act;

" brother " includes a brother of the half blood;

" clergyman" means a clerk in Holy Orders of the Church of England;

" common licence 0 has the meaning assigned to it by section five of this Act;

" ecclesiastical district/* in relation to a district other than a parish, means a district specified in a licence granted under section twenty of this Act, a chapelry or an extra-parochial place;

" infant" means a person under the age of twenty-one years;

" marriage notice book " has the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-seven of this Act;

" parish" means an ecclesiastical parish and includes a district constituted under the Church Building Acts, 1818 to 1884, notwithstanding that the district has not become a new parish by virtue of section fourteen of the New Parishes Act, 1856, or section five of the New Parishes Measure, 1943, being a district to which Acts of Parliament relating to the publication of banns of matrimony and the solemnization of marriages were applied by the said Church Building Acts as if the district had been an ancient parish, and the expression " parish church " shall be construed accordingly;

" prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made under section seventy-four of this Act;

" registered building" means a building registered under Part III of this Act;

‘ ‘ registrar ' ’ means a registrar of marriages;

1949 Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

" Registrar General" means the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in England;

" registration district" means the district of a superintendent registrar;

" sister " includes a sister of the half -blood;

" special licence " has the meaning assigned to it by section five of this Act;

" superintendent registrar" means a superintendent registrar of births, deaths and marriages;

" trustees or governing body," in relation to Roman Catholic registered buildings, includes a bishop or vicar general of the diocese.

(2) Any reference in this Act to the Church of England shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as including a reference to the Church in Wales.

79.—(1) The Acts specified in Part I of the Fifth Schedule Repeals and to this Act, and the Measures of the Church Assembly sped- savings, fied in Part II of that Schedule, are hereby repealed to the extent specified in relation thereto in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Any banns published, licence or certificate issued, notice, consent, authorisation or direction given, Order in Council, rules, order, declaration, return, appointment or entry made, registration effected, caveat entered or other thing done under any enactment repealed by this Act shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, continue in force, and have effect as if published, issued, given, made, effected, entered or done under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) Where a period of time specified in any enactment repealed by this Act is current at the commencement of this Act, this Act shall have effect as if the corresponding provision thereof had been in force when that period began to run.

(4) Any document referring to an enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall affect any law or custom relating to the marriage of members of the Royal Family.

(6) Nothing in this Act shall affect the right of the Archbishop of Canterbury or any other person by virtue of the Ecclesiastical Licences Act, 1533, to grant special licences to marry at any convenient time or place, or affect the validity of any marriage solemnized on the authority of such a licence.

3 1

1673

rART VI.

— coni.

1674

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Part VI. —cant.

Short title, extent and commencement.

(7) Nothing in this Act shall affect the validity of any marriage solemnized before the commencement of this Act.

(8) Nothing in this Act shall affect any authority given under section three of the Marriage Act, 1823, before the repeal thereof for the publication of banns and the solemnization of marriages in any chapel, or affect the operation of section four of that Act in relation to that chapel.

(9) Nothing in this Act shall affect any right, title, estate, interest, will, claim, payment, commutation, composition, discharge, settlement or other thing, or the devolution or distribution of any property which, by virtue of section two of the Deceased Wife's Sister’s Marriage Act, 1907, was not affected by the Marriage (Prohibited Degrees of Relationship) Acts, 1907 to 1931.

(10) Nothing in this Act shall enable any proceedings to be taken in an ecclesiastical court which could not have been taken if this Act had not been passed.

(11) Nothing in this Act shall require any caution or security to be given which would not have required to be given if this Act had not been passed.

(12) Nothing in this Act shall affect any power to extend a Measure of the Church Assembly to the Channel Islands or affect any such Measure which has been so extended.

(13) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

80.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Marriage Act, 1949.

(2) Save as is otherwise expressly provided, this Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

(3) The provisions of this Act specified in the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall not extend to Wales or Monmouthshire.

(4) This Act shall come into force on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1675

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. KINDRED AND AFFINITY. Part I.

Prohibited degrees of relationship.

Mother Daughter Father's mother Mother’s mother Son’s daughter Daughter’s daughter Sister

Wife’s mother Wife’s daughter Father’s wife Son’s wife

Father's father's wife Mother's father’s wife Wife’s father’s mother Wife’s mother's mother Wife's son’s daughter Wife’s daughter's daughter Son’s son's wife Daughter’s son’s wife Father's sister Mother’s sister Brother’s daughter Sister's daughter

Father

Son

Father’s father Mother’s father Son’s son Daughter's son Brother

Husband’s father Husband's son Mother's husband Daughter’s husband Father’s mother's husband Mother’s mother’s husband Husband’s father’s father Husband’s mother's father Husband’s son's son Husband’s daughter’s son Son’s daughter’s husband Daughter’s daughter's husband Father's brother Mother’s brother Brother’s son Sister’s son

Part II.

Statutory exceptions from prohibited degrees of relationship.

Deceased wife’s sister Deceased brother’s wife Deceased wife’s brother’s daughter Deceased wife’s sister’s daughter Father’s deceased brother’s wife Mother’s deceased brother’s wife Deceased wife's father’s sister

Deceased wife’s mother's sister

Brother's deceased son’s wife

Sister’s deceased son’s wife

Deceased sister’s husband Deceased husband’s brother Father’s deceased sister’s husband Mother's deceased sister’s husband Deceased husband's brother’s son Deceased husband’s sister's son Brother’s deceased daughter’s

husband Sister’s deceased daughter’s

husband Deceased husband's father’s

brother

Deceased husband’s mother’s

brother 3 I 2

Section i.

1676

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Section^.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

CONSENTS REQUIRED TO THE MARRIAGE OF AN INFANT BY COMMON LICENCE. OR SUPERINTENDENT REGISTRAR'S CERTIFICATE.

i. Where the Infant is Legitimate.

Person or Persons whose consent Circumstances. is required.

I. Where both parents are living:

(i a)if parents are living together;

(b) if parents are divorced or separated by order of any court or by agreement;

(c) if one parent has been

deserted by the other;

(d) if both parents have been deprived of custody of infant by order of any court.

2. Where one parent is dead : (a) if there is no other guardian;

(b) if a guardian has been appointed by the deceased parent.

3. Where both parents are dead.

Both parents.

The parent to whom the custody of the infant is committed by order of the court or by the agreement, or, if the custody of the infant is so committed to one parent during part of the year and to the other parent during the rest of the year, both parents.

The parent who has been deserted.

The person to whose custody the infant is committed by order of the court.

The surviving parent.

The surviving parent and the guardian if acting jointly, or the surviving parent or the guardian if the parent or guardian is the sole guardian of the infant.

The guardians or guardian appointed by the deceased parents or by the court under section four of The Guardianship of Infants Act, 1925.

II. Where the Infant is Illegitimate.

Circumstances. Person whose consent is required.

If the mother of the infant is The mother, or if she has by order of alive. any court been deprived of the

custody of the infant, the person to whom the custody of the infant has been committed by order of the court.

If the mother of the infant is The guardian appointed by the mother, dead.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1677

THIRD SCHEDULE. Section 68.

CAPACITIES REFERRED TO IN SECTION 68 (2) (d)

OF THIS ACT.

Part I.

Naval Forces.

Employment with the medical branch of the Royal Navy as an officer.

Member of the Women’s Royal Naval Service.

Member of Queen Alexandra’s Royal Naval Nursing Service, or its reserve.

Part II.

Military Forces.

Employment with the Royal Army Medical Corps as an officer.

Member of Queen Alexandra's Imperial Military Nursing Service, or its reserve.

Member of the Auxiliary Territorial Service.

Part III.

Air Forces.

Employment with the medical branch of the Royal Air Force as an officer.

Member of Princess Mary’s Royal Air Force Nursing Service, or its reserve.

Member of the Women’s Auxiliary Air Force.

1678

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Sections 69, 7o. FOURTH SCHEDULE.

PROVISIONS OF ACT WHICH ARE EXCLUDED OR MODIFIED IN THEIR APPLICATION TO NAVAL, MILITARY AND AIR FORCE CHAPELS.

Part I.

Exclusion of Provisions relating to Marriages according to the Rites of the Church of England.

Subsection (4) of section six.

Paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section fifteen.

The proviso to section seventeen.

Section eighteen.

Section twenty.

Subsection (3) of section thirty-five.

The proviso to subsection (1) of section forty-four.

Sections fifty-three to fifty-seven, fifty-nine and sixty, so far as those sections relate to the registration of marriages by clergymen and to the duties of incumbents in relation to marriage register books.

Part II.

Modification of Provisions relating to Marriages according to the Rites of the Church of England.

Subsection (1) of section six shall apply as if the chapel were the parish church of the parish in which the chapel is situated.

Subsection (3) of section seven shall apply as if for the reference to the parochial church council there were substituted, in relation to a naval chapel, a reference to the Admiralty and, in relation to any other chapel, a reference to a Secretary of State.

Section eight shall apply as if it required the notice in writing mentioned therein to include a statement that one at least of the persons to be married is a qualified person within the meaning of Part V of this Act, and to specify the person so qualified and the nature of his qualification.

.oosie

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1679

Paragraph (a) of subsection (i) of section fifteen shall apply as if the chapel were the parish church of the parish in which the chapel is situated.

Subsection (i) of section sixteen shall apply as if it required the oath, which is to be taken thereunder, to include a statement that one at least of the persons to be married is a qualified person within the meaning of Part V of this Act and to specify the person so qualified and the nature of his qualification.

Subsection (3) of section twenty-seven shall apply as if it required the notice of marriage to include a statement that one at least of the persons to be married is a qualified person within the meaning of Part V of this Act and to specify the person so qualified and the nature of his qualification.

Section fifty shall apply as if for the reference to the officiating clergyman there were substituted a reference to the clergyman appointed under section sixty-nine of this Act for the purpose of registering marriages, in whose presence the marriage is solemnized.

Part III.

Exclusion of Provisions relating to Marriages otherwise

THAN ACCORDING TO THE RlTES OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND.

The proviso to section seventeen.

The proviso to subsection (2) of section twenty-six.

Section forty-one.

Section forty-two.

The proviso to subsection (1) of section forty-four.

Part IV.

Modification of Provisions relating to Marriages otherwise

THAN ACCORDING TO THE RlTES OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND.

Subsection (3) of section twenty-seven shall apply as if it required the notice of marriage to include a statement that one at least of the persons to be married is a qualified person within the meaning of Part V of this Act and to specify the person so qualified and the nature of his qualification/

Sections forty-three, forty-four and fifty-four shall apply as if for any reference to the trustees or governing body of a building there were substituted a reference to the Admiralty or any person authorised by them, in the case of a naval chapel, and a reference to a Secretary of State or any person authorised by him, in the case of any other chapel.

4TH SCH. —COM/.

1680

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Section 79.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

ENACTMENTS REPEALED.

Part I.

Acts of Parliament repealed.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

32 Hen. 8, c. 38 2 & 3 Edw. 6,

The Marriage Act, 1540

The whole Act. The whole Act.

c. 23.

4 Geo. 4, c. 76

5 Geo. 4, c. 32 11 Geo. 4 &

1 Will. 4, c.18. 11 Geo. 4 &

1 WUl. 4, c. 66.

5 & 6 Will. 4,

The Marriage Act, 1823 The Marriage Act, 1824 The Marriage Confirmation Act, 1830.

The Forgery Act, 1830

The Marriage Act, 1835

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Section two.

In section twenty-one the words "marriage " and " or of the parties married ".

The whole Act.

c. 54-6 & 7 Will. 4, c. 85.

6 & 7 Will. 4, c. 86.

7 Will. 4 &

1 Vict. c. 22.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 72

The Marriage Act, 1836

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837.

The Marriage Act, 1840

The whole Act except sections three, seventeen and forty-five.

Sections thirty, thirty-one, thirty-three, forty, forty-two and forty-four and Schedule C, and so much of sections seventeen, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-seven and thirty-eight as relates to registers of marriages or to certified copies thereof.

Sections one, three, five, twenty-three, twenty-seven and thirty-three to thirty-six, and so much of sections twenty-six, twenty-eight and twenty-nine as relates to registers of marriages or to certified copies thereof.

The whole Act.

19 & 20 Vict, c. 119.

The Marriage and Registration Act, 1856.

20 Vict. c. 19...

23 & 24 Vict.

c. 18.

23 & 24 Vict.

c. 24.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 10.

The Extra-Parochial Places Act, 1857.

The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1860.

The Marriage Confirmation Act, 1860.

The Marriage (Society of Friends) Act, 1872.

The whole Act except sections fifteen, sixteen, twenty-four and twenty-five.

Sections nine and ten.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1681

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

37 ft 38 Vict, c. 88.

49 ft 50 Vict.

c. 3.

49 ft 5° Vict, c. 14.

61 ft 62 Vict, c. 58.

62 ft 63 Vict, c. 27.

7 Edw. 7, c. 47

8 Edw. 7, c. 26

11 ft 12 Geo. 5. c. 24.

15 ft 16 Geo. 5, c. 45.

19 ft 20 Geo. 5. c. 36.

21 ft 22 Geo. 5. c. 31.

22 ft 23 Geo. 5, c. 31.

24 ft 25 Geo. 5, c. 13.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act. 1874.

The Marriages Validity Act. 1886.

The Marriage Act, 1886

The Marriage Act, 1898

The Marriages Validity Act, 1899.

The Deceased Wife's Sister’s Marriage Act, 1907.

The Naval Marriages Act, 1908.

The Deceased Brother's Widow's Marriage Act, 1921.

The Guardianship of Infants Act, 1925.

The Age of Marriage Act, 1929.

The Marriage (Prohibited Degrees of Relationship) Act, 1931.

The Marriage (Naval, Military, and Air Force Chapels) Act, 1932.

The Marriage (Extension of Honrs) Act, 1934-

Section thirty-two so far as it relates to the making of indexes of registers of marriages, section forty-one so far as it relates to documents relating to marriages, and the Second Schedule so far as it relates to fees payable for searches in marriage registers and for certified copies of entries therein.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it relates to marriages solemnized in England.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it relates to marriages solemnized in England.

The whole Act.

Section nine, in subsection (2) of section eleven the words "except so far as it amends the law relating to the marriage of infants" and the Schedule.

In section one, in subsection (1) the words from the beginning to " Provided that" and paragraph (a) of subsection

Section one and in subsection (1) of section three the words from " and this Act" to the end of the subsection and subsections (2) (3) and (4) of that section.

The whole Act.

In section one, subsection (1) and in subsection (2) the words " the Marriage Act, 1886 and ", section two, and in section three the words "and this Act and the Marriage Acts, 1811 to 1932 may be cited together as the Marriage Acts, 1811 to 1934 "•

31*

5TB SCH.

—SOM/.

1682

Ch. 76

Marriage Act, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

5TH SCH. —cont. Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

2 A 3 Geo. 6, c. 33- The Marriage Act, 1939 Section one, so far as it relates to marriages solemnized in England, in subsection (3) of section two the words " section eight of the Marriage and Registration Act, 1856, section three of the Naval Marriages Act, 1908 and " and section three.

2 A 3 Geo. 6, c. 35- The Marriages Validity Act, 1939. The whole Act.

4 A 5 Geo. 6, c. 47. The Marriage (Members of His Majesty's Forces) Act, 1941. The whole Act.

14 A 15 Geo. 5.

No. 2.

20 A 21 Geo. 5,

No. 3.

24 A 25 Geo. 5.

No. 2.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. No. 1.

4 & 5 Geo. 6, No. 1.

6 A 7 Geo. 6, No. 1.

7 & 8 Geo. 6, No. 1.

12 A 13 Geo. 6.

No. 3.

Part II.

Church Assembly Measures repealed.

The Union of Benefices Measure, 1923.

The Marriage Measure, 1930.

The Banns of Marriage Measure, 1934.

The Marriage (Licensing of Chapels) Measure, 193*.

The Diocesan Reorganisation Committees Measure, 1941.

The New Parishes Measure, 1943.

The Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944.

The Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949.

Subsection (3) of section twenty-five.

The whole Measure.

The whole Measure.

The whole Measure.

Paragraph (iii) of subsection (3) of section three.

Section twenty-five.

In section twenty-four the words " marriage registers and other " and the proviso to that section and subsection (2) of section twenty-eight.

In subsection (1) of section six the words from '* and where banns" to the end of the subsection.

1949

Marriage Act, 1949 Ch. 76

1683

SIXTH SCHEDULE. Section 8a

PROVISIONS OF ACT WHICH DO NOT EXTEND TO WALES.

Subsection (4) of section six.

Section nine.

Section ten.

Subsection (2) of section eleven.

Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section fifteen.

Paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section sixteen so far as it relates to marriages to be solemnized in the usual place of worship of one of the parties.

Section nineteen.

Subsection (7) of section twenty.

Section twenty-three.

Subsection (3) of section thirty-five.

Section seventy-two.

TABLE OF STATUTES REFERRED TO IN THIS ACT.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter.

Ecclesiastical Licences Act, 1533

Marriage Act, 1823

Marriage Confirmation Act, 1825

Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836

New Parishes Act, 1856

Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878

Interpretation Act, 1889

Deceased Wife’s Sister's Marriage Act, 1907 Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914

Union of Benefices Measure, 1923

Guardianship of Infant Act, 1925

Adoption of Children Act, 1926

Representation of the Laity Measure, 1929 Diocesan Reorganisation Committees Measure,

1941

New Parishes Measure, 1943

Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944

Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949

Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act,

1949

25 Hen. 8. c. 21.

4 Geo. 4. c. 76.

6 Geo. 4. c. 92.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 104. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 43.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

7 Edw. 7. c. 47.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 58.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. No. 2.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 45.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 29. 19 & 20 Geo. 5. No. 2.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. No. 1.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. No. 1.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. No. 1.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. No. 3.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 33.

3 I. 2

1684 Ch. 77 Armed Forces (.12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Loans) Act, 1949

Provision of money for housing accommodation for married persons serving in, or employed in connection with, the armed forces of the Crown.

CHAPTER 77

An Act to provide money for the provision of housing accommodation in Great Britain for married persons serving in, or employed in connection with, the armed forces of the Crown, and for purposes connected therewith.

[16th December 1949.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards providing such stuns as may be required for the provision of housing accommodation in Great Britain for married persons serving in, or employed in connection with, the armed forces of the Crown, have resolved that money be provided in manner hereafter mentioned in this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) During the five financial years ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, the Treasury may, subject as hereinafter provided, issue from time to time out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof (hereinafter referred to as " the Consolidated Fund ") sums not exceeding in the aggregate forty million pounds, to be applied as appropriations in aid of moneys provided by Parliament for those years for the provision of approved housing accommodation in Great Britain for married persons serving in, or employed in connection with, the armed forces of the Crown, being accommodation the cost of the provision of which would, apart from this Act, fall to be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament for the defence services:

Provided that the amount so issued for any year to defray Navy, Army or Air Force expenditure in respect of the provision of approved housing accommodation in Great Britain for persons serving in, or employed in connection with, the Royal Navy or Royal Marines, the Army or the Air Force, as the case may be, shall not at any date exceed the aggregate of the amounts proposed to be so issued to defray that expenditure by the estimates upon which the House of Commons has, before that date, resolved to grant sums to His Majesty to defray that expenditure for that year.

(2) For the purpose of providing sums (or any part of sums) to be issued under the foregoing subsection, or of providing for the replacement of all or any part of sums so issued, the Treasury

le

1949

Armed Forces (

Loans) Ac, 1949

Ch. 77

1685

may, at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money under the National 2 & 3 Geo. 6 Loans Act, 1939, and any securities created and issued to raise c. 117. money under this subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under that Act.

(3) The following provisions of this subsection shall have effect as respects the repayment of sums issued under subsection (1) of this section, that is to say—

(a) the aggregate of the sums so issued in any financial year

shall be repaid into the Exchequer, as mentioned in the next following paragraph, with interest thereon at the appropriate rate, the said interest accruing, as respects the whole aggregate, from the end of that year;

(b) the said aggregate shall be repaid by sixty equal annual

instalments of principal and interest combined, the first of such instalments falling due at the end of the financial year next following that in which the sums in question were issued and one of the remainder falling due at the end of each of the fifty-nine succeeding financial years;

(c) any instalment to be paid into the Exchequer under the last foregoing paragraph shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for the defence services.

For the purposes of this subsection, the expression "the appropriate rate " means, as respects the aggregate of sums issued in any financial year, the rate of interest applicable to a loan made, immediately before the end of that year, out of the Local Loans Fund on the security of local rates, being a loan the duration of which is sixty years.

(4) Sums paid into the Exchequer under the last foregoing subsection shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund at such times as the Treasury may direct, and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows, that is to say—

(a) so much thereof as represents principal shall be applied

in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit;

(b) so much thereof as represents interest shall be applied

to the payment of interest which would, apart from this provision, have fallen to be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(5) In this section the expression " approved" means approved for the purposes of this Act by the Treasury, and the expression " defence services" means the Navy, Army and Air services.

2. This Act may be cited as the Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Short title. Act, 1949.

1686

Abolition of restraint upon anticipation, and

consequential amendments and repeals.

25 & 26 Geo. 5 c. 30.

Short title and extent.

Ch. 78 Married Women 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Restraint upon Anticipation) Act, 1949

CHAPTER 78

An Act to render inoperative any restriction upon anticipation or alienation attached to the enjoyment of property by a woman.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) No restriction upon anticipation or alienation attached, or purported to be attached, to the enjoyment of any property by a woman which could not have been attached to the enjoyment of that property by a man shall be of any effect after the passing of this Act.

(2) The preceding subsection shall have effect whatever is the date of the passing, execution or coming into operation of the Act or instrument containing the provision by virtue of which the restriction was attached or purported to be attached, and . accordingly in section two of the Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act, 1935, the proviso to subsection (1) and subsections (2) and (3) (which make provision differentiating as to the operation of such a restriction between an Act passed before the passing of that Act or an instrument executed before the date mentioned in the said proviso on the one hand and an instrument executed on or after that date on the other hand) are hereby repealed.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule.

(4) The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Married Women (Restraint upon Anticipation) Act, 1949.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

1949

Married Women

(Restraint upon Anticipation); 1949

Ch. 78

1687

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Section 1.

Consequential Amendments

The Married Women’s In section nineteen, the words from '* or Property Act, 1882. shall interfere " to " before marriage "

(45 & 46 Vict. c. 75). shall be repealed, and the word "but "

shall be substituted for the word "and " where it occurs immediately after the said repealed words.

The Supreme Court of In section one hundred and ninety-four, in Judicature (Consolida- the subsection substituted for subsection

tion) Act, 1925. (1) by the Law Reform (Married Women

(15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49). and Tortfeasors) Act, 1935, the following

paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph (a), that is to say—

" (a) any property which is acquired by or devolves upon the wife on or after the date of the decree whilst the separation continues shall, if she dies intestate, devolve as if her husband had been then dead ",

SECOND SCHEDULE Saetlonl.

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

20 & 21 Vict, c. 57. The Married Women’s Reversionary Interests Act, 1857. In section one, the proviso.

56 & 57 Vict c. 63. The Married Women’s Property Act, 1893. Section two.

4 A 5 Geo. 5. c. 59. The Bankruptcy Act, 1914. Section fifty-two.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 18. The Settled Land Act, 1925. In section one, in subsection (1), paragraph (iv). In section twenty, in subsection (1), paragraph (x). In section twenty-five, subsection (2).

15 A16 Geo. 5. c. 19. The Trustee Act, 1925 ... In section sixty-two, in subsection (1), the words from and notwithstanding " to " anticipation ".

1688

Ch. 78, 79

2nd Sch. —coni.

Provision for further revenue payments to colliery concerns and subsidiaries.

9 & 10 Geo. 6 c. 59.

Married Women 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Restraint upon Anticipation) Act, 1949

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 20. The Law of Property Act, 1925. In section one hundred and fifty-three, in subsection (6), in paragraph (i), the words "or is subject to a restraint on anticipation *. In section one hundred and sixty-nine, the words "is restrained from anticipation or from alienation* and the word "or* where it occurs for the third time.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 30. The Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act, 1935. In section two, in subsection (1), the proviso, and subsections (2) and (3).

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 63. The Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948. In section eighty-five, in paragraph (a), the words "and is not restrained from anticipation *.

CHAPTER 79

An Act to provide for the making to colliery concerns and subsidiaries of such concerns of further income payments for the period between the primary vesting date and the date on which compensation under the Coal Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946, in respect of transfers of transferred interests of the concerns and subsidiaries is satisfied in full, and for purposes connected therewith.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect with respect to the making to colliery concerns, and to subsidiaries of such concerns, of payments in respect of the year nineteen hundred and forty-nine and subsequent years towards satisfaction of the right to interim income conferred by subsection (2) of section nineteen of the Coal Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946 (hereinafter referred to as " the principal Act ").

1949

Coal Industry {No. 2)

Act, 1949

Ch. 79

1689

(2) A colliery concern or a subsidiary of a colliery concern shall, in respect of the year nineteen hundred and forty-nine and in respect of any subsequent year before that in which compensation under the principal Act in respect of the transfer of the transferred interests of the concern or subsidiary is satisfied in full, be entitled to a payment of an amount equal to the amount by which one third of the comparable ascertained revenue of the concern, or of the subsidiary, as the case may be, attributable to activities thereof for which the transferred interests thereof were used or owned exceeds an amount equal to interest for the year in question on the aggregate amount of that compensation satisfied before the end of that year.

The rate of interest prescribed by order of the Treasury under paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty-two of the principal Act which applies to any such year as aforesaid or to any part of such a year shall be the rate of interest for the purposes of this subsection as respects that year or that part of that year.

(3) A payment to which a colliery concern or a subsidiary of a colliery concern is entitled under the last foregoing subsection in respect of any year shall be treated for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty-two of the principal Act as being made towards satisfaction of the aggregate of the proportions attributable to that year of amounts which that paragraph requires to be paid as additions to stock issued or money payments made after the expiration of that year in satisfaction of compensation in respect of transfers of transferred interests of the concern or subsidiary.

(4) Payments to be made under this section shall be in the form of payments in money made by the Minister out of sums to be issued to him out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof, and section thirty-four of the principal Act (which relates to issues out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom for such payments under that Act) shall have effect as if the reference in subsection (1) thereof to that Act included a reference to this section.

(5) The Minister shall have power, exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, to make regulations making such provision supplementary to or consequential on the foregoing provisions of this section as appears to him to be requisite or expedient, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of this subsection, provision may be made by regulations made thereunder for requiring the repayment to the Minister of any amount by which a payment made under this section in respect of any year to a colliery concern or subsidiary may exceed the aggregate towards satisfaction of which that payment is under subsection (3) of this section to be treated as

1690

Ch. 79

Coal Industry (No. 2) 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

being made, and as to the manner of recovery of that amount and the disposal of sums recovered in or towards satisfaction of repayment thereof:

Provided that in a case where provision is made for recovering the excess or any part thereof by way of deduction from compensation in respect of transfers of transferred interests of the concern or subsidiary, provision shall be made for setting off against the deduction the aggregate of—

(a) an amount which bears to the amount of the deduction

the same proportion that the amount of income tax ultimately borne by the concern or subsidiary for the income tax year the beginning of which falls within the year in respect of which the excess arises bears to the amount which its total income for income tax purposes for that income tax year would be if it were computed without regard to any relief or deduction in respect of profits tax; and

(b) an amount which bears to the amount of the deduction

the same proportion that the amount of profits tax ultimately borne by the concern or subsidiary (as determined in accordance with rules laid down by the regulations) in respect of the aggregate (as so determined) of its profits which are attributable to the year in respect of which the excess arises bears to that aggregate.

(6) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection or in regulations made thereunder shall be construed as implying that a payment made under this section to a colliery concern or subsidiary, or a part of any such payment, is for any purpose anything but a payment of income to the concern or subsidiary, or as precluding the distribution as income of a payment so made.

(7) Section twenty-eight of the principal Act (which provides for the making of payments by the National Coal Board to the Minister by way of recouping the Crown expenses and liabilities incurred by virtue of the provisions of the principal Act mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of that section) shall have effect as if a reference to this section were included in that paragraph.

(8) In this section the expressions " colliery concern ", " subsidiary " and " transferred interests " have the same meanings as they have for the purposes of subsection (3) of section twenty-two of the principal Act and the expression " the Minister" means the Minister of Fuel and Power, and for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section a concern’s or subsidiary’s comparable ascertained revenue attributable to activities thereof for which the transferred interests thereof were used or owned shall be taken to be the amount which, in pursuance of an election

1949

Coal Industry {No, 2)

Act, 1949

Ch. 79, 80

1691

made by the concern or subsidiary under paragraph (c) of the said subsection (3), it was taken to be for the purposes of paragraph (a) of that subsection.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Coal Industry (No. 2) Shoit title, Act, 1949, and shall be included amongst the enactments which citation and may be cited together as the Coal Industry Acts, 1946 and 1949.extent

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 80

An Act to repeal section five of the Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1940, in so far as it applies to contracts made by local telegraph authorities.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The provisions of section five of the Post Office and Repeal of Telegraph Act, 1940 which provide for increases in charges under provisions of contracts made by local telegraph authorities, that is to say— i^relating*

(a) paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of that section, to local

telegraph

(b) subsection (6) thereof, authorities.

3 4 Geo 6

(c) in subsection (10) thereof the words "or the locale. 25. telegraph authority " in the definition of "exchange service contract ", the definition of "local telegraph authority ", and the words from " or by virtue " to " local telegraph authority " and the words "or by that authority " in the definition of "telegraph contract ",

shall not have effect in relation to any contract made by a local telegraph authority after the passing of this Act, and in relation to any contract made by such an authority before the passing of this Act shall cease to have effect on the earliest date after the passing of this Act as from which, in the exercise of the powers conferred by the contract, the local telegraph authority alter the amount of the subscription payable under the contract:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the operation of the said provisions in relation to any charge under such a contract made before the passing of this Act, being a charge which under the terms of the contract is payable before that date.

1692 Ch. 80, 81 British North America 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(No. 2) Act, 1949

(2) This Act may be cited as the Telegraph Act, 1949.

(3) This Act shall be construed as one with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1943, and may be cited together with those Acts as the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1949.

CHAPTER 81

An Act to amend the British North America Act, 1867, as respects the amendment of the Constitution of Canada.

[16th December 1949.]

IT WHEREAS the Senate and the House of Commons of Canada in Parliament assembled have submitted an Address to His Majesty praying that His Majesty may graciously be pleased to cause a measure to be laid before the Parliament of the United Kingdom for the enactment of the provisions hereinafter set forth :

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Amendment as to legislative authority of Parliament of Canada.

30 & 31 Vict,

c. 3.

1. Section ninety-one of the British North America Act, 1867 is hereby amended by renumbering Class 1 thereof as Class 1A and by inserting therein immediately before that Class the following as Class 1:—

" 1. The amendment from time to time of the Constitution of Canada, except as regards matters coming within the classes of subjects by this Act assigned exclusively to the Legislatures of the provinces, or as regards rights or privileges by this or any other Constitutional Act granted or secured to the Legislature or the Government of a province, or to any class of persons with respect to schools or as regards the use of the English or the French language or as regards the requirements that there shall be a session of the Parliament of Canada at least once each year, and that no House of Commons shall continue for more than five years from the day of the return of the Writs for choosing the House; provided, however, that a House of Commons may in time of real or apprehended war, invasion or insurrection be continued by the Parliament of Canada if such continuation is not opposed by the votes of more than one-third of the members of such House."

Short title 2. This Act may be cited as the British North America (No. 2) and citation. Act, 1949 and shall be included among the Acts which may be cited as the British North America Acts, 1867 to 1949.

1949

Public Works Loans

Act, 1949

Ch. 82

1693

CHAPTER 82

Public Works Loans , 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Grant for public works.

2. Limit on commitments by Public Works Loan Commissioners.

3. Certain debts not to be reckoned as assets of Local Loans Fund.

4. Remission of balances of certain local loans.

5. Short title.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Housing, Town Planning, &c., Act, 1919.

Second Schedule—Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Agricultural Credits Act, 1923 (including advances under paragraph (4) of section twenty-two of the Public Works Loans Act, 1875).

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to local loans.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There may be issued by the National Debt Commis-Grant for sioners for the purpose of local loans by the Public Works Loan public works. Commissioners (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Loan Commissioners ") any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred million pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during the period beginning with the passing of this Act and ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. 50 & 51 Vict.

c. 16.

2. The period aforesaid shall be an issue period within the Limit on meaning of section two of the Public Works Loans (No. 2) Act, commitments 1946 (which enables the Loan Commissioners to undertake to Loan grant loans, including loans falling to be advanced after the Commissioners, expiration of the current issue period), and the aggregate of— 9 & to Geo. 6.* (a) the commitments of the Loan Commissioners out-c- 75. standing at any time during the said issue period in

le

1694

Ch. 82

Public Works Loans

Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Certain debts not to be reckoned as assets of Local Loans Fund.

Remission of balances of certain local loans.

respect of undertakings entered into by them (whether during or before the beginning of that period) to grant local loans, and

(6) the advances in respect of local loans made by the Loan Commissioners during that period up to that time,

shall not exceed the sum of six hundred and eighty million pounds.

3. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the tables contained in the First and Second Schedules to this Act should, to the extent specified in the last column of those tables, not be reckoned as assets of the Local Loans Fund:

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loans to the extent aforesaid shall be written off from the account of assets of the Local Loans Fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

4. Whereas the sums specified in the last column of the tables contained in the First Schedule and Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act constitute the balances remaining unpaid of the loans specified in those tables and are irrecoverable:

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loans shall, to the extent of the said sums, be extinguished.

Short title

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1949.

SCHEDULES

Sections 3.4. FIRST SCHEDULE

Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Housing, Town Planning, &c.. Act, 1919

Name of Borrower Amount of Loan Amount to be written off

£ £ s. d.

Braintree Co-operative Homes Ltd 49,592 26,759 9 11

Murcot Co-operative (Housing) Society Ltd. 2,538 2,292 19 5

1949 Public Works Loans Ch. 82,83 1695

Act, 1949

SECOND SCHEDULE Sections 3,4.

Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Agricultural Credits Act, 1923 (including Advances under Paragraph (4) of Section twenty-two of the Public Works

Loans Act, 1875)

Part I

Name of Borrower Amount of Loan Amount to be written off

Mr. Andrew Atkinson Mr. George Holloway Mr. Thomas Moulton Mr. Thomas Archbold Wanless Nicholson... £ 4,753 3,345 4,200 13,500 £ s. d. 2,466 16 2 1,760 10 1 722 18 0 785 10 6

Part II

Name of Borrower Amount of Loan Amount to be written off

Mr. George Thomas Willows £ 2,400 £ s. d. 842 13 2

CHAPTER 83

An Act to dissolve the Local Government Boundary Commission and repeal the Local Government (Boundary Commission) Act, 1945; and to make consequential provision as respects certain enactments of the Local Government Act, 1933, which were amended or repealed by the said Act of 1945.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Local Government Boundary Commission is Dissolution hereby dissolved. of Local

(2) The Local Government (Boundary Commission) Act, ^und^r)^ 1945, is hereby repealed. Commission

(3) As from the passing of this Act, the provisions of sections 411(1

one hundred and thirty-nine to one hundred and forty-six of the j^ovSons. Local Government Act, 1933, shall have effect as if the said Act 8 & 9 Geo. 6. of 1945 had not been passed, but subject to the amendments c. 38.

set out in the Schedule to this Act. 23 & 24 Geo.!

c. 51.

1696

Short title.

19 & 20 Geo. c. 17.

9 & 10 Geo. c. 18.

Ch. 83 Local Government Boundary 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Commission (Dissolution) Act, 1949

(4) The Local Government (Alteration of Areas) (Notices) Regulations, 1934, shall as from the passing of this Act have effect as if section one hundred and forty-one of the Local Government Act, 1933, had never been repealed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Local Government Boundary Commission (Dissolution) Act, 1949.

SCHEDULE

Amendments of Certain Provisions of 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51

1. In section one hundred and thirty-nine (which as originally enacted provided that the council of a borough should not promote a Bill for constituting the borough a county borough unless its population was seventy-five thousand or upwards) for the words 44 is seventy-five thousand " there shall be substituted the words "as estimated by the Registrar-General is seventy-five thousand ".

2. —(1) In section one hundred and forty, in the proviso to subsection (1), for the words from " provisional only " to the end there shall be substituted the words "subject to special parliamentary procedure *.

(2) In subsection (3) of the said section one hundred and forty the word "provisional " is hereby repealed.

(3) Subsection (4) of the said section one hundred and forty is hereby repealed.

(4) In subsection (5) of the said section one hundred and forty for the words 44 a provisional order under this section uniting boroughs is confirmed " there shall be substituted the words "an order under this section uniting boroughs has come into operation ".

3. In section one hundred and forty-three (which requires county councils, at all times after the commencement of the Local Government Act, 1933, to consider the need for certain boundary adjustments) for the words "commencement of this Act ’* there shall be substituted the words "end of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-one ".

4. In section one hundred and forty-six, in subsection (1) (which provides for a review of county districts by county councils at any time after the expiration of ten years from the completion by county councils of the first review under the Local Government Act, 1929), for the words from " ten years " to 44 1929, the county council " there shall be substituted the words 44 the year nineteen hundred and fifty-one, a county council *.

5. In subsection (6) of the said section one hundred and forty-six for the words from " provisional only " to the end there shall be substituted the words 44 subject to special parliamentary procedure and in subsection (7) of that section for the words from the beginning to 44 provisional only " there shall be substituted the words 44 Without prejudice to the provisions of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, as to the laying before Parliament of orders subject to special parliamentary procedure, any order under this section not subject thereto ".

1949 War Damaged Sites Ch. 84 1697

Act, 1949

CHAPTER 84

War Damaged Sites Ac, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Power of local authorities to take possession temporarily of certain

war damaged land.

2. Extension of period of possession by local authority.

3. Compulsory taking of possession.

4. Use and disposal of land by local authorities.

5. Compensation for compulsory taking of possession.

6. Exclusion of certain enactments.

7. Determination of possession for purpose of development by

owner.

8. Compensation for the compulsory acquisition of land in possession

of local authority.

9. Power of local authority to do work without taking possession.

10. Modification of Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

11. War damage payments.

12. Disposal of rubble, etc.

13. Settlement of disputes as to compensation.

14. Suspension of justices* licences.

15. Service of notices.

16. Penalty for depositing rubbish on war damaged sites.

17. Interpretation.

18. Financial provisions.

19. Short title.

Schedule.

Procedure for authorising compulsory taking or retention of possession.

An Act to enable local authorities to take possession of or do work on certain war damaged land; to authorise the conversion of cost of works payments in certain cases; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) If in the case of any land within the area of a local Power of local authority the following conditions are satisfied, that is to say— authorities to (a) that the land consists of or forms part of a heredita- [em^o^of1 ment which has sustained war damage; certain war

(b) that the damage has not been made good or has not damaged been wholly made good; and ,and*

(c) that in consequence of the matters aforesaid the land is in the opinion of the authority in a condition detrimental to the amenities of the neighbourhood,

the local authority may take a lease of the land by agreement for any term not exceeding five years, or (subject to the next

1698

Extension of period of possession by local authority.

Compulsory taking of possession.

Ch. 84 War Damaged Sites 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

following subsection) may be authorised by the Minister in accordance with the provisions of this Act to take possession of the land compulsorily for any period not exceeding five years.

(2) A local authority shall not be authorised by virtue of this Act to take possession compulsorily of any such land as is specified in subsection (2) of section one of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946 (which relates to land of local authorities and statutory undertakers, commons. National Trust Land and ancient monuments), or any agricultural land, any church or church site, or any building occupied for the purpose for which it was occupied immediately before the occurrence of the war damage.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland there shall be substituted for the reference to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, a reference to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947.

2. —(1) Where a local authority are entitled to possession of any land by virtue of a lease or authorisation under this Act, and it appears to them that after the expiration of the period for which they are so entitled the land is otherwise likely to revert to a condition detrimental to the amenities of the neighbourhood, the authority may take the land on lease for a further term not exceeding five years, or may be authorised by the Minister in accordance with the provisions of this Act to retain possession of the land compulsorily for a further period not exceeding five years.

(2) The powers conferred by this section may be exercised from time to time in relation to the same land, but the total period for which a local authority are entitled to possession of any land by virtue of a lease or authorisation under this Act shall not exceed ten years in all.

3. —(1) Authority for the compulsory taking or retention of possession of any land under this Act shall be given by the Minister by means of an authorisation in writing; and the provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the giving of such an authorisation.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the Minister shall not authorise a local authority to take possession compulsorily of any land if it appears to him that any person having an interest in the land will carry out, within a reasonable time, any works necessary to secure that the land is put into a condition which is not detrimental to the amenities of the neighbourhood.

(3) Where objection is made to the giving of any such authorisation as aforesaid on the ground that a person interested in the land is able and willing to carry out such works as aforesaid, the Minister may postpone the giving of the authorisation

1949

War Damaged Sites

Act, 1949

Ch. 84

1699

for such period as he considers sufficient to enable the works to be carried out, and may, notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing subsection, give the authorisation at the expiration of that period if the works have not then been carried out.

(4) In relation to land of which a local authority are entitled to possession by virtue of an authorisation under this Act, the local authority shall, for the purposes of their functions under this Act, have all the same rights as if the land were vested in them for a term of years absolute in possession equal to the period for which they are entitled to possession of the land as aforesaid.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, there shall be substituted in subsection (4) for the words "for a term of years absolute in possession " the words "under a lease granted to them for a period’*.

4.—(1) Where a local authority are entitled to possession of Use and any land by virtue of a lease or authorisation under this Act, of

the local authority shall have power to carry out thereon any ^horities works which appear to them to be necessary or expedient for securing that die land is put and kept in a condition which is not detrimental to the amenities of the neighbourhood; and it shall be the duty of the local authority either to carry out such works as appear to them to be necessary for the purpose aforesaid, or to secure the carrying out of such works by means of conditions imposed on the grant of a lease of the land under the following provisions of this section.

(2) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the local authority may—

(a) use the land for the purposes of any of the statutory

functions of the authority (including the carrying out of any works which they are authorised to carry out under any enactment); or

(b) let the land for any term not exceeding the period for which the local authority are entitled to possession of the land.

(3) Any use of land authorised by this section, or by a lease granted by a local authority thereunder, shall be lawful notwithstanding any easement over the land or any right restrictive of the user of the land; but where the value of an interest of any person in adjoining land is depreciated, or any person suffers damage by being disturbed in his enjoyment of such land, in consequence of any such use as aforesaid, then in so far as the act or omission causing the depreciation or disturbance would have been actionable at his suit if it had been done or omitted otherwise than in the exercise of statutory powers, he may recover from the local authority compensation in respect of the depreciation or damage.

1700

Ch. 84

Compensation for compulsory taking of possession.

Exclusion of certain enactments.

War Damaged Sites 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(4) In relation to land of which a local authority are entitled to possession by virtue of a lease under this Act, the provisions of this section shall have effect subject to any covenant or reservation contained in that lease.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the reference in subsection (3) to an easement there shall be substituted a reference to a servitude.

5. —(1) Where a local authority take or retain possession of any land compulsorily under this Act, then, subject to the following provisions of this section, the like compensation shall be payable by the local authority as would be payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, if possession of the land had been taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers within the meaning of that Act during the period mentioned in section one of that Act, and the provisions of that Act shall apply accordingly subject to any necessary modifications.

(2) In calculating for the purposes of the said section two the rent which might reasonably be expected to be paid by a tenant in occupation of the land under a lease—

(a) the term of that lease shall be treated as a term not exceeding the period for which the local authority are authorised to take or retain possession of the land under this Act; and

(b) no account shall be taken of any right of the tenant under the War Damage Act, 1943, to a payment of cost of works in respect of any works for malting good the war damage which might be carried out by him during that term.

(3) Where the local authority retain possession of the land by virtue of an authorisation under section two of this Act, no account shall be taken, in calculating the said rent, of any increase in or depreciation of the annual value of the land occasioned by anything occurring during any previous period during which the local authority were entitled to possession of the land under this Act.

6. —(1) The Lands Clauses Acts shall not apply to the taking of a lease of land, or to the taking or retention of possession of land compulsorily, by a local authority under this Act.

(2) The provisions of Part VII of the Local Government Act, 1933, and Part V of the London Government Act, 1939, relating to the appropriation and disposal of land by local authorities shall not apply to land of which a local authority are entitled to possession by virtue of a lease or authorisation under this Act.

1949

War Damaged Sites

Act, 1949

Ch. 84

1701

(3) Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, shall not apply to any lease granted by a local authority in pursuance of subsection (2) of section four of this Act.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the reference to Part VII of the Local Government Act, 1933, there shall be substituted a reference to Part VIII of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947.

7.—(1) If at any time during the period for which a local Determination authority are entitled to possession of any land of which posses- of possession sion has been taken or retained compulsorily by virtue of an J'or purpose of authorisation under this Act, the Minister is satisfied— browner6"1

(a) that any person interested in the land desires to develop the whole or any part of the land to which the authorisation relates;

(6) that where planning permission is required under Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, such planning permission has been granted or is deemed to have been granted under the said Part in respect of that development; and

(c) that the said person will, upon obtaining possession of the land, proceed without delay to execute any works necessary for the purposes of that development.

the Minister shall direct that the right of the local authority to retain possession of the land, or of that part of the land, as the case may be, shall be determined upon such date as may be specified in the direction:

Provided that the Minister shall not be required to give such a direction if the development in question consists only of the use of land for a period or periods not exceeding twenty-eight days in all in any calendar year, whether with or without the erection or placing of movable structures on the land for the purposes of that use.

(2) Where, on the date specified in a direction given under the foregoing subsection, a lease granted by the local authority under subsection (2) of section four of this Act is in force in respect of any land to which the direction relates, the term of the lease shall be determined on that date, or, where the direction relates to part only of the land comprised in the lease, shall be determined on that date in respect of that part of the land.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland, there shall be substituted for the reference to Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, a reference to Part II of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947.

1702

Ch. 84

Compensation for the compulsory acquisition of land in possession of local authority.

Power of local authority to do work without taking possession.

War Damaged Sites 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

8. —(1) Where an interest in any land of which possession has been taken or retained compulsorily under this Act, is acquired compulsorily, in a case to which the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, applies, during the period for which the local authority are entitled to possession of the land, the following provisions shall have effect in relation to the calculation of any compensation payable in respect of the compulsory acquisition, that is to say—

(a) where the notice to treat is given before the expiration

of two years from the end of the war period within the meaning of section forty of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945, Part VIII of that Act shall apply as if, during the period while the local authority were entitled to possession of the land as aforesaid, the land had been in the possession of a Minister or a person acting under the authority of a Minister by virtue of the exercise of emergency powers within the meaning of that Act; and

(b) in any case, section fifty-four of the Town and Country

Planning Act, 1947 (which regulates the compensation payable on the compulsory acquisition of requisitioned land) shall apply as if the land were, and had been during the period aforesaid, requisitioned land within the meaning of that Act.

(2) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the references to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and to section fifty-four thereof, there shall be substituted respectively references to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, and to section fifty-one thereof.

9. —(1) If it appears to a local authority that the conditions specified in subsection (1) of section one of this Act are satisfied in the case of any land within their area (not being such land as is mentioned in subsection (2) of that section) but that it is unnecessary or inexpedient to obtain a lease of the land or take possession of the land compulsorily under this Act, the local authority may enter on the land and carry out thereon such works as appear to them to be necessary for securing that the land is put in a condition which is not detrimental to the amenities of the neighbourhood.

(2) A person authorised by a local authority to enter upon any land in pursuance of the power conferred by this section shall, if so required, produce evidence of his authority before so entering and shall not demand admission as of right to any land which is occupied unless twenty-four hours notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(3) Where entry is made upon any land under this section, any person interested in the land may recover from the local

1949

War Damaged Sites

Act, 1949

Ch. 84

1703

authority compensation in respect of any depreciation in the value of his interest attributable to any damage occasioned by the exercise of the powers conferred by this section, and in respect of any disturbance of his enjoyment of the land so occasioned.

10, —(1) If during the period for which a local authority are entitled to possession of any land by virtue of a lease or authorisation under this Act, permission to develop the land is granted under Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, in pursuance of an application made by the local authority or any person deriving title under them, that permission shafl be granted for a limited period only in accordance with subsection (2) of section fourteen of that Act, and the period specified therein shall be the period for which the local authority are entitled as aforesaid to possession of the land.

(2) If during the period aforesaid any development is carried out on the land in accordance with permission granted under Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, otherwise than in pursuance of an application, the provisions of that Act shall apply in relation to the land as if that permission had been granted in accordance with the foregoing subsection in pursuance of such an application as is mentioned in that subsection.

(3) If, during the period for which a local authority are entitled to possession of any land by virtue of an authorisation under this Act, permission to develop the land is refused on an application made under Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, by any person other than the local authority or a person deriving title under them, or is granted subject to conditions, in pursuance of such an application, then, for the purposes of section nineteen of that Act (which enables an owner of land in certain cases to require his interest to be purchased upon the refusal of planning permission or the grant of such permission subject to conditions), the person who, if the local authority were not so entitled, would be the owner of the land within the meaning of that Act shall be treated as if he were the owner of the land.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, subsection (3) shall not apply and for references to Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and to section fourteen of that Act, there shall be substituted respectively references to Part II of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, and to section twelve of that Act.

11. —(1) Where, under the War Damage Act, 1943, the appropriate payment in respect of war damage to a hereditament would, apart from this provision, be a payment of cost of works.

Modification of Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

War damage payments.

1704

Ch. 84

Disposal of rubble, etc.

War Damaged Sites 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

and the War Damage Commission are notified by a local authority that the authority propose to take a lease under this Act of land consisting of or forming part of the hereditament, or to apply for an authorisation under this Act in respect of such land, then if it appears to the Commission—

(a) after consultation with any authority or person whose permission, approval or licence is required under any enactment, regulation or byelaw for the purposes of the carrying out of works for making good the war damage, that that permission, approval or licence has been granted or would be granted if applied for; and

(b) after consultation with all the owners of proprietary

interests for the time being subsisting in the hereditament and of rentcharges (if any) to which it is subject and with any mortgagee of any such interest or rent-charge, that those works will not be carried out within a reasonable time,

the Commission may, notwithstanding any previous determination of the amount of the payment to be made under the said Act in respect of the damage to the hereditament, determine to make under that Act in respect of that damage any such payment as is authorised by subsection (1) of section thirteen of that Act.

(2) Subsection (2) of section thirteen of the War Damage Act, 1943 (which prescribes the material time in relation to a value payment made by virtue of that section), shall apply to any value payment made by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section.

(3) For the purposes of section fourteen of the War Damage Act, 1943 (which provides for the conversion of cost of works payments into value payments on the compulsory acquisition of interests in land which has sustained war damage) the taking of possession of any land by virtue of an authorisation under this Act shall not be deemed to constitute the compulsory acquisition of an interest in that land.

12,—(1) Any materials removed from land by a local authority in the exercise of the powers conferred by section four or section nine of this Act may be dealt with or disposed of in such manner as the local authority think fit.

(2) Where any materials (not being materials severed from the land by the local authority) are removed as aforesaid, the local authority shall account to the owner in respect of the value of the materials after deducting the cost of the removal and disposal.

1949

War Damaged Sites

Act, 1949

Ch. 84

1705

13. Any question of disputed compensation under section four Settlement of or section nine of this Act shall be determined by the General disputes as to Claims Tribunal constituted under the Compensation (Defence) compensation. Act, 1939, and sections seven and nine and subsection (2) of

section eighteen of that Act shall apply accordingly.

14. Subsection (3) of section twelve of the Finance Act, 1946 Suspension of (which relates to the suspension of justices* licences on the com-

pulsory acquisition of licensed premises) shall have effect as if • nces* references in that subsection and in the First Schedule to that Act to the compulsory acquisition of premises included references to the taking possession of premises by a local authority by virtue of a lease or authorisation under this Act.

15. Any notice required to be served under this Act by a local Service of

authority may be served— notices.

(a) on any person, by addressing it to him by name and delivering it to him or leaving it at, or sending it in a registered letter by post to, his usual or last-known place of abode;

(b) on any person being the occupier or the person entitled to possession of any premises which appear to the local authority to be separately occupied, by addressing the notice to " the occupier " or " the person entitled to possession of the premises (describing them), and either by delivering it to some person on the premises or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it can be delivered, by affixing it to some conspicuous object on the premises;

(c) on all persons being entitled to possession of premises comprised in land which appears to the local authority to be unoccupied, by addressing the notice to "the persons entitled to possession of the land (describing it), and by affixing it to some conspicuous object on the land.

16. —(1) If any person, without the consent of the person penalty for

entitled to possession of the land, deposits any rubbish or waste depositing material— rubbish on

war damaged

(a) upon land of which a local authority are entitled to sites, possession by virtue of a lease or authorisation under this Act;

(b) upon any unoccupied land which has sustained war damage,

he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

3 K

1706

Ch. 84

Interpretation.

War Damaged Sites 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing subsection, any expenditure reasonably incurred by a local authority in removing (whether in the exercise of powers conferred by this Act or otherwise) any rubbish or material deposited by any person in contravention of that subsection may be recovered from him by that authority as a simple contract debt in any court of competent jurisdiction.

17.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the mean-ings hereby respectively assigned to them:—

" agricultural land" has the same meaning as in the Agriculture Act, 1947;

" church" means a place of worship within the meaning of the Places of Worship (Enfranchisement) Act, 1920. and " church site " shall be construed accordingly;

" easement " includes a liberty, privilege, right or advantage (including a natural right to support) annexed to land and adversely affecting other land;

" hereditament ", " mortgagee ", " proprietary interest ", " rentcharge " and " war damage " have the same meanings as in the War Damage Act, 1943;

"lease" includes an underlease and an agreement for a lease or underlease;

" local authority" means the council of a county, metropolitan borough, county borough or county district, and the Common Council of the City of London;

" the Minister" means the Minister of Health;

" works " includes the demolition, repair, or erection of buildings and the laying out and cultivation of gardens.

(2) Any reference in this Act to the period for which a local authority are entitled to possession of land by virtue of a lease or authorisation under this Act shall be construed as including a reference to any period during which a lease of the land granted by the local authority is in force.

(3) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or applied by any other enactment, including this Act.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, for subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

"(1) In this Act the following expressions have the

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them: —

* agricultural land has the same meaning as in the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948;

1949

War Damaged Sites

Act, 1949

Ch. 84

1707

* church ’ means a church or other building for religious

worship and includes buildings ancillary thereto and a burial ground attached thereto or used in connection therewith, and ‘ church site shall be construed accordingly;

‘hereditament’, ‘mortgagee’, ‘proprietary interest’, ‘rentcharge’ and ‘war damage’ have the same meanings as in the War Damage Act, 1943;

* lease ’ includes a sub-lease;

* local authority means a county, town or district

council;

* the Minister ’ means the Secretary of State;

‘ works' includes the demolition, repair or erection of buildings and the laying out and cultivation of gardens."

18. —(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parlia- Financial ment any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in provisions, the Exchequer Equalisation Grant payable under Part I or Part II

of the Local Government Act, 1948.

(2) Any expenses incurred under this Act by the Common Council of the City of London shall be defrayed out of the general rate authorised to be levied by the Council.

19. —(1) This Act may be cited as the War Damaged Sites Act, Short title. 1949.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE

PROCEDURE FOR AUTHORISING COMPULSORY TAKING Section 3.

OR RETENTION OF POSSESSION

1. —(1) Any authorisation given for the purposes of section one or section two of this Act shall specify the land to which it relates, the date on which the local authority are authorised to take possession of the land and the period for which they are entitled to retain possession.

(2) In relation to an authorisation given for the purposes of section two of this Act, the foregoing sub-paragraph shall have effect as if the requirement to specify the date on which the local authority are authorised to take possession of the land were omitted.

2. —(1) Before the authorisation is given the local authority shall—

(a) publish in one or more local newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land is situated a notice stating that

3 K 2

1708

Ch. 84

War Damaged Sites 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

an application has been or is to be made to the Minister for the authorisation, and that any representations which any person desires to make must be made to the Minister in writing within fourteen days from the date of the publication of the notice; and

(b) serve on the person entitled to possession of the land a notice in writing stating that application has been or is to be made as aforesaid and that any representations which that person desires to make must be made to the Minister in writing within fourteen days from the service of the notice on him.

(2) Where any person on whom a notice is required to be served under the foregoing sub-paragraph is entitled to the land under a lease for a term which will expire or may be determined before the expiration of - the period for which the local authority would be entitled to retain possession of the land in pursuance of the authorisation for which the application is made, a like notice shall be served on the person entitled to the reversion expectant on that lease and on the person entitled to the reversion expectant on any other lease of the land of which the term will expire or may be determined as aforesaid.

(3) Where the authorisation is to be given for the purposes of section two of this Act in respect of land of which the local authority are entitled to possession by virtue of a previous authorisation under this Act, the reference in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph to the person entitled to possession of the land shall be construed as a reference to the person entitled to the reversion expectant on the determination of the lease or, as the case may be, to the person who would be entitled to possession of the land apart from the previous authorisation.

3. Before giving the authorisation, the Minister shall consider any representations duly made to him, including any such objection as is mentioned in section three of this Act; and as soon as may be after he has given the authorisation or decided to refuse it, or to postpone the giving of it under the said section three, the Minister shall send to any person who has made such representations, specifying an address for the purposes of this paragraph, notification thereof in a registered letter by post to the address specified.

4. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland—

(a) in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 2, for the words from

" shall be served " to the end of the sub-paragraph there shall be substituted the words "shall be served on the person who but for that lease would be entitled to possession of the land and on any person who but for any other lease of which the term will expire or may be determined as aforesaid would be entitled to posession of the land ";

(b) in subparagraph (3) of the said paragraph 2, for the words

from "entitled to the reversion" to the end of the sub-paragraph there shall be substituted the words 44 who would be entitled to possession of the land but for the lease or the previous authorisation".

1949 War Damaged Sites Ch. 84,85

Act, 1949

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation)

Act, 1919

Places of Worship (Enfranchisement) Act, 1920 ...

Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927

Local Government Act, 1933

London Government Act, 1939

Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939

War Damage Act, 1943

Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945 ... Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

Act, 1946

Finance Act, 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

(Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Agriculture Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government Act, 1948

Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 56. 17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 36. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 75.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 21.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 43.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 64.

10 & U Geo. 6. c. 42. 10 All Geo. 6. c. 43.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 48. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.26. 11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.45.

CHAPTER 85

Distribution of German Enemy Property Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Collection, realisation and distribution of German enemy property.

2. Offences.

3. Arrangements for the resolution of conflicting claims to German

property.

4. German property in colonies and other territories.

5. Orders in Council and orders.

6. Exercise of powers by the Board of Trade.

7. Expenses and receipts.

8. Interpretation.

9. Application to Scotland.

10. Application to Northern Ireland.

11. Provisions as to Isle of Man and Channel Islands.

12. Short title.

An Act to provide for the collection and realisation of German enemy property and for the distribution of the proceeds thereof; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1709

1710

Ch. 85

Distribution of German 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Enemy Property Act, 1949

Collection, realisation and distribution of German enemy property.

1.—(I) His Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for the collection and realisation of German enemy property and for the distribution of the proceeds thereof, to such extent as may be prescribed by the Order, to persons who establish claims in respect of German enemy debts.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding subsection, an Order in Council under this section may make provision as to the following matters:—

(a) the appointment by the Board of Trade of an administrator

for the purposes of the Order, and the conferring and imposing on that administrator of such powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Order;

(b) the transfer and vesting of German enemy property to and in the administrator, and the discharge of any person specified in the Order from liability in respect of things done or omitted to be done in relation to property transferred from him to the administrator;

(c) the manner and time in which claims in respect of German

enemy debts are to be put forward, and the furnishing and verification of information in connection with any such claims, including the production of books and documents;

(d) the determination, as respects any such claim, of the

question whether the claim is established for the purposes of the Order and of the amount of the claim;

(e) the distribution from time to time of the proceeds of the realisation of German enemy property to persons whose claims in respect of German enemy debts have been established for the purposes of the Order;

(/) the charging of fees to persons making claims in respect of German enemy debts, and the recovery of those fees by deduction from the amounts to be distributed as aforesaid or otherwise;

(g) the disposal of sums in the administrator’s hands which, by reason of a failure to discover the whereabouts of persons to whom the sums ought to be distributed or for any other reason, it is not practicable to distribute.

(3) The administrator appointed under this section shall be a corporation sole under the name of the Administrator of German Enemy Property, and is in this Act referred to as " the administrator ".

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this section, an Order in Council made under this section may—

(a) exclude from the application of the Order such classes of claims as may be prescribed by the Order;

1949

Distribution of German

Enemy Property Act, 1949 Ch. 85

(b) differentiate between different classes of claims, as respects the priority in which payments are to be made and the extent of the payments;

(c) make provision for enabling proceeds of German enemy property which belonged to, or was held or managed on behalf of, a particular person or body of persons to be distributed to persons establishing claims in respect of debts due from that person or body.

(5) The Board of Trade may by order prescribe forms for the purposes of any Order in Council made under this section and in particular for the making of claims and the furnishing of information.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in this section, the Board of Trade may give a direction to the administrator requiring him to transfer to or for the benefit of any person specified in the direction any German enemy property, or the proceeds of any German enemy property, to which that person would have been entitled but for the operation of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939, or any order made thereunder, and the administrator shall comply with any such direction.

(7) Where any German enemy property, on or at any time after the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, belonged to, or was held or managed on behalf of, a German company, and it appears to the Board of Trade that the company was on the said day controlled, directly or indirectly, by a United Kingdom company, the Board may treat that property for the purposes of the last preceding subsection, to such extent as the Board think fit having regard to the extent of the interest of the United Kingdom company in the German company, as property to which the United Kingdom company would have been entitled but for the operation of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939 or any order made thereunder.

In this subsection, the expression " German company" means a body incorporated in, or under the laws of, Germany, and the expression " United Kingdom company" means a body incorporated in, or under the laws of, the United Kingdom.

2.—(I) If any person who— Offences.

(a) is prohibited by or under an Order in Council made under the prereding section from dealing with any German enemy property otherwise than with the consent of the administrator, or

(b) is required by or under such an Order to transfer German

enemy property to the administrator or otherwise to deal with that property in accordance with the directions of the administrator, contravenes or fails to comply with the prohibition or requirement, he shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

1712

Ch. 85

Distribution of German 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Enemy Property Act, 1949

(2) Any person who—

(a) without reasonable excuse, fails to comply with any requirement made by or under any such Order to furnish information or to produce books or documents; or

(b) in giving information for the purpose of any such Order knowingly or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular;

shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

(3) Any person who is guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such imprisonment and such fine; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding

five hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(4) Where any offence under this section has been committed by a body corporate, every person who at the time of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence unless he proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

In this subsection the expression " director ", in relation to any body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by the members thereof, means a member of that body corporate.

Arrangements for the resolution of conflicting claims to German property.

3. Where arrangements have been made by or on behalf of His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom with the Government of any country outside the United Kingdom or any person acting on their behalf for the resolution of conflicting claims to German enemy property and corresponding property under the control of the Government of that country,—

(a) the Treasury may, for the purpose of giving effect to those arrangements, direct the administrator to transfer to such person as may be specified in the direction such

1949 Distribution of German Ch. 85 1713

Enemy Property Act, 1949

German enemy property or proceeds thereof as may be so specified, and the administrator shall comply with any such direction; and

(b) any property transferred in pursuance of those arrangements to any person acting on behalf of His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom shall be transferred to the administrator and shall be dealt with in like manner as German enemy property.

4. —(1) Where, in pursuance of arrangements made by or on German

behalf of His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom, property in there is placed at the disposal of that Government any money ^°°ICS and representing property in— territories.

(a) any colony,

(b) any territory under His Majesty’s protection in which

for the time being His Majesty has jurisdiction, or

(c) any territory for the time being administered under the

trusteeship system of the United Nations by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom,

being property which belonged to, or was held or managed on behalf of, German nationals or bodies incorporated or constituted in, or under the laws of, Germany, or bodies controlled by German nationals or such bodies as aforesaid, the money shall be paid to the administrator and shall be dealt with in like manner as German enemy property within the meaning of this Act.

(2) If the Treasury direct that any money transferred to the Custodian of Enemy Property for England under any Order in Council made under the Palestine Act, 1948, as representing German enemy assets held by the Palestine Custodian of Enemy Property shall be paid to the administrator, that money shall be dealt with in like manner as German enemy property within the meaning of this Act.

5. —(1) Any power under this Act to make Orders in Council Orders in or orders shall include a power to revoke or vary any Orders CoVn

in Council or orders made in pursuance of that power. and orders‘

(2) All Orders in Council made under section one of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

6. Anything required or authorised under this Act to be Exercise of done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, to or j^of before the President of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary Trade. ° or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in

that behalf by the President of the Board.

7. —(1) The expenses of the Board of Trade under this Act Expenses

shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament. and receipt

3 K*

1714

Ch. 85

Distribution of German 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Enemy Property Act, 1949

(2) All fees recovered under this Act, and any sums paid by the administrator to any person acting on behalf of His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Interpretation. 8.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" German enemy debt " means—

(a) any sum due at the passing of this Act in respect of an obligation incurred before the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, which on that day was an obligation of any of the following persons—

(i) the German State;

(ii) any individual who on that day was a German

national resident in Germany;

(iii) any body of persons (whether corporate or unincorporate) which on that day was a body incorporated or constituted in or under the laws of Germany;

to any of the following persons—

(iv) His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom;

(v) any British subject or British protected person resident or carrying on business on that day in the United Kingdom;

(vi) any body of persons (whether corporate or unincorporate) which on that day was a body incorporated or constituted under the laws in force in the United Kingdom;

except thatj where any person or body of persons specified in sub-paragraph (v) or (vi) hereof carried on business on the said day both in and outside the United Kingdom, any sum attributable to the business carried on outside the United Kingdom shall be excluded;

(b) any sum, not included in paragraph (a) hereof, being—

(i) a sum due at the passing of this Act, in respect of any bond of the German External Loan, 1924, or the German Government International 5i per cent. Loan, 1930, being a bond enfaced in accordance with the Supplementary Agreement for the execution of Article 2 of the Anglo-German Transfer Agreement of the first day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight;

1949

Distribution of German

Enemy Property Act, 1949 Ch. 85

1715

(ii) a sum due on the seventh day of May, nineteen

hundred and forty-five, in respect of any bond of the Austrian Government International Loan, 1930, or the Austrian Government Credit Anstalt Bonds, 1936, being a bond enfaced as aforesaid; .

(iii) a sum due on the seventh day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-five, in respect of any bond of the Austrian Government International Guaranteed Loan 1933-1953, or the Austrian Government Guaranteed Conversion Loan, 1934-1959, which was in the beneficial ownership of a British holder (within the meaning of Article 4 of the said Anglo-German Transfer Agreement) on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight; or,

(iv) a sum due at the passing of this Act in respect of any bond of the Konversionskasse 4 per cent. Sterling Bonds.

" German enemy property" means property which, on such day as may be appointed by an Order in Council made under section one of this Act, is, or at any time thereafter becomes, subject to control under section seven of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939, being property, or the proceeds or income of property, which on or at any time after the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, belonged to, or was held or managed on behalf of,—

(a) the German State;

(b) any individual who, on the said third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, or at any time thereafter, was a German national resident in Germany or in any territory under the sovereignty of a State which on or at any time after the said day was at war with His Majesty;

(c) any individual who was a German national on or at any time after the said day and—

(i) was included among the persons specified in

any order made under subsection (2) of section two of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939; or

(ii) was a person whose property became subject

to control under section seven of the said Act at a time when he was not an enemy within the meaning of the said Act;

3 K* 2

Ch. 85

Distribution of German 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Enemy Property Act, 1949

1716

(d) any body of persons (whether corporate or unincorporate) which on or at any time after the said day was a body incorporated or constituted in, or under the laws of, Germany; and

(e) any body of persons (whether corporate or unincorporate) which on or at any time after the said day was controlled by any such individual or body as is mentioned in paragraph (6), paragraph (c) or paragraph (d) hereof;

"German national" does not include any person who acquired German nationality by reason of the inclusion in the German State after the first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight, of any territory not comprised therein on that day.

" Germany" means territory comprised in the German State on the first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight;

" property" means real or personal property, and includes any estate or interest in real or personal property, any money, any negotiable instrument, debt or other chose in action, and any other right or interest whether in possession or not.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person who at any time was resident in Germany shall be deemed to have been a German national at that time unless it is proved to the satisfaction of the administrator, within such time and in such manner as may be prescribed by an Order in Council or order made under section one of this Act, that he was not a German national at that time.

(3) For the purposes of this Act, property which, or the right to transfer which, is vested in any custodian of enemy property appointed under section seven of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939, and property which, by virtue of any order made under the said section seven, cannot be dealt with without the consent of the Board of Trade, shall be deemed to be subject to control under the said section seven.

(4) Any reference in this Act to the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939, shall be construed as a reference to that Act as amended by or under any other Act.

Application 9. In the application of this Act to Scotland, the expression to Scotland. " chose in action" means right of action or incorporeal moveable and the expression " real or personal property" means heritable or moveable property.

Application to

Northern

Ireland.

10. In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, the expression " summary conviction" means conviction subject to and in accordance with the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act (including any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) amending that Act.

1949 Distribution of German Ch. 85,86 1717

Enemy Property Act, 1949

11. —(1) This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man and the Provisions as

Channel Islands. toMf"

and Channel

(2) References in this Act to the United Kingdom, except Islands, where the reference is to His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom, shall be construed as including references to

the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.

(3) References to the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939, shall include references to that Act as it extends to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.

(4) Section two of this Act shall, in its application to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands, have effect with such exceptions, adaptations and modifications (if any) as may be specified by Order in Council.

12. This Act may be cited as the Distribution of German Short title* Enemy Property Act, 1949.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1831 14 & 15 Vict c. 93.

Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 89.

Palestine Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 27.

CHAPTER 86

Electoral Registers Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Abolition of autumn registers of parliamentary and local govern-

ment electors.

2. Voting rights of certain persons coming of age during currency of

register.

3. Consequential amendments with respect to jurors books.

4. Power to make consequential amendments of other Acts.

5. Short title, construction, citation and repeal.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Amendments of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, consequential on section two of this Act. Second Schedule—Consequential Amendments of the Juries Act, 1922.

Third Schedule—Enactments Repealed.

1718

Ch. 86

Electoral Registers 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

An Act to abolish autumn registers of parliamentary and local government electors, and for purposes connected therewith.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Abolition of autumn registers of parliamentary and local government electors.

1.—(1) In Great Britain, registers of parliamentary and local government electors, and in Northern Ireland, registers of parliamentary electors, shall be prepared and published once a year instead of twice a year.

(2) In Great Britain, registers of parliamentary and local government electors shall be published not later than the fifteenth day of March, and registers published in any year shall be used for parliamentary and local government elections at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period of twelve months beginning with the sixteenth day of March in that year.

(3) In Northern Ireland, registers of parliamentary electors shall be published not later than the first day of April, and registers published in any year shall be used for parliamentary elections at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period of twelve months beginning with the second day of April in that year.

(4) In any year—

(a) the twentieth day of November shall, as regards England and Wales, be the qualifying date for a parliamentary or local government election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period of twelve months beginning with the sixteenth day of March in the next following year;

(b) the first day of December shall, as regards Scotland, be the qualifying date for any such election as aforesaid; and

(c) the thirty-first day of October shall, as regards Northern Ireland, be the qualifying date for a parliamentary election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period of twelve months beginning with the second day of April in the next following year.

(5) The Secretary of State shall have power, exercisable by statutory instrument which shall not come into force unless or until it is approved by resolution of each House of Parliament, to make regulations altering the interval in Northern Ireland between the qualifying date and the date of publication of the registers of parliamentary electors by changing either date, and any such regulations may make such consequential provisions

1949

Electoral Registers

Act, 1949

Ch. 86

1719

(including the modification of any enactment contained in this or any other Act) as may appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary.

(6) If any part of a register is not published within the time required by this section, then until the day following that on which it is published the corresponding part of the previous register (whether prepared before or after the passing of this Act) shall continue in use; and where any part of the register used at an election is a part continued in force by this subsection, the Representation of the People Acts (including this Act) shall have effect in relation to the election and the area to which that part relates as if the qualifying date by reference to which that part was prepared were the qualifying date for the election.

(7) This section shall have effect with respect to registers to be published in the year nineteen hundred and fifty and subsequent years and elections for which registers to be so published are to be used.

2.—(1) A person who is not of full age on the qualifying date Voting rights for a parliamentary or local government election in a constituency of certain or electoral area in Great Britain, being an election at which the person < date fixed for the poll falls within the period beginning with thecu^Scyof8 second day of October in any year and ending with the next register, following fifteenth day of March, shall, if he is of full age on the fifteenth day of June in that year and is otherwise entitled so to do, be entitled to vote as an elector at that election, and the reference in subsection (1) of section eight of the principal Act (which relates to registration rights) to persons who may be entitled to vote as electors at parliamentary elections for which any register is to be used, and the reference in subsection (2) of that section to persons who may be entitled to vote as electors at local government elections for which any register is to be used shall, in the application of those subsections to Great Britain, be construed accordingly.

(2) A person who is not of full age on the qualifying date for a parliamentary election in a constituency in Northern Ireland, being an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period beginning with the second day of October in any year and ending with the next following first day of April, shall, if he is of full age on the thirtieth day of April in that year and is otherwise entitled so to do, be entitled to vote as an elector at that election, and the reference in subsection (1) of section eight of the principal Act to persons who may be entitled to vote as electors at parliamentary elections for which any register is to be used shall, in the application of that subsection to Northern Ireland, be construed accordingly.

(3) Where, by virtue of subsection (6) of section one of this Act, any part of the register to be used at such a parliamentary or local government election as is mentioned in subsection (1) of

1720 Ch. 86 Electoral Registers 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

, 1949

this section falls to be used at an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls after the expiration of the period so mentioned, the said subsection (1) shall, as regards a person registered by virtue thereof in that part of the register, apply in relation to the election as it applies in relation to an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within that period; and where, by virtue of the said subsection (6), any part of the register to be used at such a parliamentary election as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section falls to be used at an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls after the period so mentioned, the said subsection (2) shall, as regards a person registered by virtue thereof in that part of the register, apply in relation to the election as it applies in relation to an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within that period.

(4) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of making in the principal Act amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this section.

(5) This section and the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to elections for which registers to be published in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-one and subsequent years are to be used and with respect to such registers and forms to be used for the purposes of such elections.

(6) In this section and in the First Schedule to this Act the expression " the principal Act" means the Representation of the People Act, 1949.

Consequential 3.—(1) The provisions, specified in the first column of the

amendments Second Schedule to this Act, of the Juries Act, 1922 (which provides i^rorTbwks10 for PreParati°n of jurors books by reference to electors 12 & 13 Geo. 5, lists for autumn registers) shall have effect subject to the amend-c. 11. ments respectively specified in relation thereto in the second

column of that Schedule, being amendments consequential on the provisions of section one of this Act.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall affect the preparation and delivery of jurors books in the year nineteen hundred and forty-nine, but jurors books prepared in that year under the said Act of 1922 shall be used only for the period beginning with the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty, and ending with the fourteenth day of August in that year.

Power to make 4.—(1) The Secretary of State may by order amend any other

consequential Act (whether public general or local and whether passed before,

thlf^cts or at same time as’ PassinS th^s Act) to such extent o other cts. ag to him requisite in consequence of the passing of this

Act.

(2) An order under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order thereunder.

1949

Electoral Registers

Act, 1949

Ch. 86

1721

(3) The powers conferred by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Electoral Registers Act, Short title, 1949. construction,

citation and

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with, and included repeal, amongst the Acts which may be cited as, the Representation of

die People Acts.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the first and second columns of the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule, except as respects elections at which the date fixed for the poll is before the sixteenth day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty, in Great Britain, or the second day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty, in Northern Ireland, and the registers to be used at any such elections.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Section 2.

Amendments of the Representation of the People Act, 1949,

CONSEQUENTIAL ON SECTION TWO OF THIS Ad

1. Regulations made under section forty-two of the principal Act may contain provisions as to marking registers of parliamentary and local government electors in Great Britain so as to distinguish persons entitled to vote by virtue of subsection (1) of section two of this Act, and as to marking registers of parliamentary electors in Northern Ireland so as to distinguish persons entitled to vote by virtue of subsection (2) of that section, and section forty-five of the principal Act (which relates to registration appeals) shall have effect as if the reference in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) thereof to a mark indicating that a person registered is, or is not, registered as a service voter or as a non-resident included a reference to a mark indicating that a person registered is, or is not, entitled to vote by virtue of subsection (1) or (2) of section two of this Act.

2. A person falling within subsection (1) or (2) of section two of this Act shall not be guilty of an offence under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section forty-eight of the principal Act by reason only of his applying, while not of full age, to be treated as an absent voter, and shall not be guilty of an offence under paragraph of that subsection by reason only of his applying, while not of full age, for the appointment of a proxy.

3. For the purposes of rules 8 and 29 of the parliamentary elections rules (which relate respectively to the subscription of the nomination papers of candidates at parliamentary elections and the issue of

1722

Ch. 86

Electoral Registers 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

A, 1949

1st Sch. official poll cards for the purposes of such elections), the expression —cont. " elector ",—

(a) in relation to a parliamentary election in a constituency in Great Britain, being an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period beginning with the sixteenth day of March in any year and ending with the first day of October in that year, shall not include a person who, by virtue of subsection (1) of section two of this Act, is registered as a parliamentary elector in that constituency in the register to be used at that election or who, by virtue of that subsection, appears from the electors lists for that register to be entitled to be so registered;

(b) in relation to a parliamentary election in a constituency in Northern Ireland, being an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period beginning with the second day of April in any year and ending with the first day of October in that year, shall not include a person who, by virtue of subsection (2) of section two of this Act, is registered as a parliamentary elector in that constituency in the register to be used at that election or who, by virtue of that subsection, appears from the electors lists for that register to be entitled to be so registered;

and for the purposes of rule 6 of the local elections rules in the Second Schedule to the principal Act (which relates to the subscription of the nomination papers of candidates at local government elections in England and Wales) the expression " elector for the electoral area ", and for the purposes of rule 5 of the local elections rules in the Third Schedule to that Act (which relates to the subscription of the nomination papers of candidates at local government elections in Scotland) the expression " local government elector ", shall not, in relation to a local government election in an electoral area at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period mentioned in sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph, include a person who, by virtue of subsection (1) of section two of this Act, is registered as a local government elector for that area in the register to be used at the election or who, by virtue of that subsection, appears from the electors lists for that register to be entitled to be so registered.

4. Notwithstanding anything in rule 38 of the parliamentary elections rules, rule 33 of the local elections rules in the Second Schedule to the principal Act or rule 31 of the local elections rules in the Third Schedule to that Act, in the case of—

(a) a parliamentary or local government election in a constituency or electoral area in Great Britain, being an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period beginning with the sixteenth day of March in any year and ending with the first day of October in that year; and

(b) a parliamentary election in a constituency in Northern Ireland, being an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period beginning with the second day of April in any year and ending with the first day of October in that year;

no ballot paper shall be delivered to a person who, by virtue of section two of this Act, is registered in the register to be used at

1949

Electoral Registers

Act, 1949

Ch. 86

1723

the election or to his proxy, except where the part of the register IstSch. in which his name appears is being used at the election by virtue —cont. of subsection (6) of section one of this Act:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to a person applying for a ballot paper as proxy of a person entitled, apart from section two of this Act, to vote.

5. The two last foregoing paragraphs shall,—

(o) so far as they relate to local government elections in England and Wales, apply also for the purposes of the local elections rules in the Second Schedule to the principal Act in their application to the election of district and parish councillors in England and Wales, save in so far as it may be provided to the contrary by district election rules or parish election rules made under subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of that Act; and

(b) so far as they relate to the local government elections in Scotland, apply also for the purposes of the local elections rules in the Third Schedule to that Act in their application to the election of elected district councillors in Scotland.

6. The forms contained in the Appendices to the Second and Third Schedules to the principal Act shall be adapted so far as necessary to accord with the foregoing provisions of this Schedule.

SECOND SCHEDULE section 3.

Consequential Amendments of the Juries Act, 1922 Provisions amended and

subject matter thereof Amendments

Section one In subsection (2), the word 44 autumn "

(Method of preparing shall be omitted.

jurors books). In subsection (3), for the words 44 on the

last day of the qualifying period for registration in the autumn register " there shall be substituted the words 44 on the qualifying date for elections for which the register is to be used *\

In subsection (4), the word 44 autumn " shall be omitted.

In subsection (7), the word 44 autumn " shall be omitted, for the words 44 the first day of December " there shall be substituted the words 44 the first day of July ", and for the words 44 the year beginning the first day of January next following " there shall be substituted the words 44 the period of twelve months beginning with the fifteenth day of August next following".

In subsection (8), for the words 44 and every sheriff on quitting office shall, within ten days next after the succeeding sheriff enters on his office, deliver to him the jurors book for the current year and all other like books prepared within the

1724

Ch. 86

2nd Sch. —cont.

Section 5.

Electoral Registers 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Amendments four years next preceding and then in his possession ", there shall be substituted the words "and every sheriff shall, within ten days next after he quits office, deliver to his successor any jurors book in his possession which was prepared in the calendar year in which he quits office or relates to any period falling wholly or partly within the period of four years ending with the day on which he quits office

In subsection (9), the word "autumn " shall be omitted.

In subsection (2), the words "in the case of the autumn register " shall be omitted.

In subsection (1), paragraph (which empowers the making of provision for requiring and authorising the registration officer to mark provisionally as jurors in the electors lists for the spring register in any year the names of any persons included therein who are qualified and liable to serve as jurors) shall be omitted.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title - Extent of Repeal

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Representation of In section one, subsection (3).

c. 65. the People Act, 1948. In section five, in subsection (1), the words from " which, except in Northern Ireland, shall be published not later than the fifteenth day of March," to the end of the subsection, and subsections (2) and (3). In section twenty-one, subsection (4). In section twenty-three, subsection (3), and, in subsection (7), the words "(3) and."

12 & 13 Geo. 6. The Representation of Section three.

c. 68. the People Act, 1949. In section seven, in subsection (1), the words "the spring and autumn of," and subsection (3). The First Schedule.

Provisions amended and subject matter thereof Section one—cont. (Method of preparing jurors books—cont.).

Section two

(Persons included in jurors book liable to serve notwithstanding disqualification or right to exemption).

Section six

(Power to make Orders in Council).

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1725

CHAPTER 87

Patents , 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Application, investigation, opposition, etc.

Section

1. Persons entitled to make application.

2. Application.

3. Complete and provisional specifications.

4. Contents of specification.

5. Priority date of claims of complete specification.

6. Examination of application.

7. Search for anticipation by previous publication.

8. Search for anticipation by prior claim.

9. Reference in case of potential infringement.

10. Refusal of application in certain cases.

11. Supplementary provisions as to searches, etc.

12. Time for putting application in order for acceptance.

13. Acceptance and publication of complete specification.

14. Opposition to grant of patent.

15. Refusal of patent without opposition.

16. Mention of inventor as such in patent

17. Substitution of applicants, etc.

18. Provisions for secrecy of certain inventions.

Grant, effect and term of patent

19. Grant and sealing of patent.

20. Amendment of patent granted to deceased applicant.

21. Extent, effect and form of patent

22. Date and term of patent

23. Extension on ground of inadequate remuneration.

24. Extension on ground of war loss.

25. Extension on ground of war loss of licensee.

26. Patents of addition.

Restoration of lapsed patents and patent applications

27. Restoration of lapsed patents.

28. Restoration of lapsed applications for patents.

Amendment of specifications

29. Amendment of specification with leave of comptroller.

30. Amendment of specification with leave of the court.

31. Supplementary provisions as to amendment of specification.

Revocation and surrender of patents

32. Revocation of patent by court.

33. Revocation of patent by comptroller.

34. Surrender of patent

Voluntary endorsement of patent

35. Endorsement of patent " licences of right ".

36. Cancellation of endorsement under section 35.

Compulsory licences, etc.

37. Compulsory endorsement.

38. Provisions as to licences under section 37.

39. Exercise of powers on applications under section 37.

40. Endorsement, etc. on application of Crown.

41. Inventions relating to food or medicine, etc.

1726

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Section

42. Revocation of patent.

43. Procedure on application under sections 37 to 42.

44. Appeal and references to arbitrator.

45. Supplementary provisions.

Use of patented inventions for services of the Crown

46. Use of patented inventions for services of the Crown.

47. Rights of third parties in respect of Crown use.

48. Reference of disputes as to Crown use.

49. Special provisions as to Crown use during emergency.

Anticipation, etc.

50. Previous publication.

51. Previous communication, display or working.

52. Use and publication after provisional specification or foreign

application.

53. Priority date in case of obtaining.

Miscellaneous provisions as to rights in inventions

54. Co-ownership of patents.

55. Power of comptroller to give directions to co-owners.

56. Disputes as to inventions made by employees.

57. Avoidance of certain restrictive conditions.

58. Determination of certain contracts.

Proceedings for infringement, etc.

59. Restrictions on recovery of damages for infringement.

60. Order for account in action for infringement.

61. Counterclaim for revocation in action for infringement.

62. Relief for infringement of partially valid specification.

63. Proceedings for infringement by exclusive licensee.

64. Certificate of contested validity of specification.

65. Remedy for groundless threats of infringement proceedings.

66. Power of court to make declaration as to non-infringement.

67. Reference to comptroller of disputes as to infringement.

International Agreements, etc.

68. Orders in Council as to convention countries.

69. Supplementary provisions as to convention applications.

70. Special provisions as to vessels, aircraft and land vehicles.

71. Extension of time for certain convention applications.

72. Protection of inventions communicated under international agree-

ments.

Register of patents, etc.

73. Register of patents.

74. Registration of assignments, etc.

75. Rectification of register.

76. Power to correct clerical errors, etc.

77. Evidence of entries, documents, etc.

78. Requests for information as to patent or patent application.

79. Restriction upon publication of specifications, etc.

80. Loss or destruction of patent.

Proceedings before comptroller

81. Exercise of discretionary powers of comptroller.

82. Costs and security for costs.

83. Evidence before comptroller.

1949 Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87 1727

The Court and the Appeal Tribunal

Section

84. The Court.

85. The Appeal Tribunal.

86. Appeals from decisions of the comptroller in Scottish cases.

87. Appeals to Court of Appeal and Court of Session.

Patent Agents

88. Restrictions on practice as patent agent

89. Power of comptroller to refuse to deal with certain agents.

Offences

90. Falsification of register, etc.

91. Unauthorised claim of patent rights.

92. Unauthorised assumption of Royal Arms.

93. Offences by companies.

Rules, etc.

94. General power of Board of Trade to make rules, etc.

95. Provisions as to rules and Orders.

96. Proceedings of Board of Trade.

Supplemental

97. Service of notices, etc., by post.

98. Hours of business and excluded days.

99. Fees.

100. Annual report of comptroller.

101. Interpretation.

102. Saving for Royal prerogative, etc.

103. Application to Scotland.

104. Application to Northern Ireland.

105. Isle of Man.

106. Repeals, transitional provisions and amendment.

107. Short title and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Maximum Fees.

Second Schedule.—Enactments Repealed.

Third Schedule.—Transitional Provisions.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to patents.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Application, investigation, opposition, etc.

1.—(1) An application for a patent for an invention may be persons made by any of the following persons, that is to say: —

(a) by any person claiming to be the true and first inventor of the invention;

entitled to make

application.

(b) by any person being the assignee of the person claiming to be the true and first inventor in respect of the right to make such an application; and may be made by that person either alone or jointly with any other person.

1728

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Application.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, an application for a patent for an invention in respect of which protection has been applied for in a convention country may be made by the person by whom the application for protection was made or by the assignee of that person:

• Provided that no application shall be made by virtue of this subsection after the expiration of twelve months from the date of the application for protection in a convention country or, where more than one such application for protection has been made, from the date of the first application.

(3) An application for a patent may be made under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section by the personal representative of any deceased person who, immediately before his death, was entitled to make such an application.

(4) An application for a patent made by virtue of subsection (2) of this section is in this Act referred to as a convention application.

2.—(1) Every application for a patent shall be made in the prescribed form and shall be filed at the Patent Office in the prescribed manner.

(2) If the application (not being a convention application) is made by virtue of an assignment of the right to apply for a patent for the invention, there shall be furnished with die application or within such period as may be prescribed after the filing of the application a declaration, signed by the person claiming to be the true and first inventor or his personal representative, stating that he assents to the making of the application.

(3) Every application (other than a convention application) shall state that the applicant is in possession of the invention and shall name the person claiming to be the true and first inventor; and where the person so claiming is not the applicant or one of the applicants, the application shall contain a declaration that the applicant believes him to be the true and first inventor.

(4) Every convention application shall specify the date on which and the convention country in which the application for protection, or the first such application, was made, and shall state that no application for protection in respect of the invention had been made in a convention country before that date by the applicant or any person from whom he derives title.

(5) Where applications for protection have been made in one or more convention countries in respect of two or more inventions which are cognate or of which one is a modification of another, a single convention application may, subject to the provisions of section four of this Act, be made in respect of those inventions at any time within twelve months from the date of the earliest of the said applications for protection:

Provided that the fee payable on the making of any such application shall be the same as if separate applications had

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1729

been made in respect of each of the said inventions; and the requirements of the last foregoing subsection shall in the case of any such application apply separately to the applications for protection in respect of each of the said inventions.

3. —(1) Every application for a patent (other than a convention Complete and application) shall be accompanied by either a complete specifica- provisional tion or a provisional specification; and every convention appli- specifications, cation shall be accompanied by a complete specification.

(2) Where an application for a patent is accompanied by a provisional specification, a complete specification shall be filed within twelve months from the date of filing of the application and if the complete specification is not so filed the application shall be deemed to be abandoned:

Provided that the complete specification may be filed at any time after twelve months but within fifteen months from the date aforesaid if a request to that effect is made to the comptroller and the prescribed fee paid on or before the date on which the specification is filed.

(3) Where two or more applications accompanied by provisional specifications have been filed in respect of inventions which are cognate or of which one is a modification of another, a single complete specification may, subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, be filed in pursuance of those applications, or, if more than one complete specification has been filed, may with the leave of the comptroller be proceeded with in respect of those applications.

(4) Where an application for a patent (not being a convention application) is accompanied by a specification purporting to be a complete specification, the comptroller may, if the applicant so requests at any time before the acceptance of the specification, direct that it shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a provisional specification, and proceed with the application accordingly.

(5) Where a complete specification has been filed in pursuance of an application for a patent accompanied by a provisional specification or by a specification treated by virtue of a direction under the last foregoing subsection as a provisional specification, the comptroller may, if the applicant so requests at any time before the acceptance of the complete specification, cancel the provisional specification and post-date the application to the date of filing of the complete specification.

4. —(1) Every specification, whether complete or provisional. Contents of shall describe the invention, and shall begin with a title indicating specification, the subject to which the invention relates.

(2) Subject to any rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act, drawings may, and shall if the comptroller so requires.

1730 Ch. 87 Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

be supplied for the purposes of any specification, whether complete or provisional; and any drawings so supplied shall, unless the comptroller otherwise directs, be deemed to form part of the specification, and references in this Act to a specification shall be construed accordingly.

(3) Every complete specification—

(a) shall particularly describe the invention and the method

by which it is to be performed;

(b) shall disclose the best method of performing the in-

vention which is known to the applicant and for which

he is entitled to claim protection; and

(c) shall end with a claim or claims defining the scope of

the invention claimed.

(4) The claim or claims of a complete specification must relate to a single invention, must be clear and succinct, and must be fairly based on the matter disclosed in the specification.

(5) Rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act may require that in such cases as may be prescribed by the rules, a declaration as to the inventorship of the invention, in such form as may be so prescribed, shall be furnished with the complete specification or within such period as may be so prescribed after the filing of that specification.

(6) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, a complete specification filed after a provisional specification, or filed with a convention application, may include claims in respect of developments of or additions to the invention which was described in the provisional specification or, as the case may be, the invention in respect of which the application for protection was made in a convention country, being developments or additions in respect of which the applicant would be entitled under the provisions of section one of this Act to make a separate application for a patent.

(7) Where a complete specification claims a new substance, the claim shall be construed as not extending to that substance when found in nature.

Priority date of claims of complete specification.

5.—(i) Every claim of a complete specification shall have effect from the date prescribed by this section in relation to that claim (in this Act referred to as the priority date); and a patent shall not be invalidated by reason only of the publication or use of the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, on or after the priority date of that claim, or by the grant of another patent upon a specification claiming the same invention in a claim of the same or later priority date.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1731

(2) Where the complete specification is filed in pursuance of a single application accompanied by a provisional specification or by a specification which is treated by virtue of a direction under subsection (4) of section three of this Act as a provisional specification, and the claim is fairly based on the matter disclosed in that specification, the priority date of that claim shall be the date of filing of the application.

(3) Where the complete specification is filed or proceeded with in pursuance of two or more applications accompanied by such specifications as are mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, and the claim is fairly based on the matter disclosed in one of those specifications, the priority date of that claim shall be the date of filing of the application accompanied by that specification.

(4) Where the complete specification is filed in pursuance of a convention application and the claim is fairly based on the matter disclosed in the application for protection in a convention country or, where the convention application is founded upon more than one such application for protection, in one of those applications, the priority date of that claim shall be the date of the relevant application for protection.

(5) Where, under the foregoing provisions of this section, any claim of a complete specification would, but for this provision, have two or more priority dates, the priority date of that claim shall be the earlier or earliest ot those dates.

(6) In any case to which subsections (2) to (5) of this section do not apply, the priority date of a claim shall be the date of filing of the complete specification.

6.—(1) When the complete specification has been filed in Examination respect of an application for a patent, the application and of application, specification or specifications shall be referred by the comptroller to an examiner.

(2) If the examiner reports that the application or any specification filed in pursuance thereof does not comply with the requirements of this Act or of any rules made by the Board of Trade thereunder, or that there is lawful ground of objection to the grant of a patent in pursuance of the application, the comptroller may either—

(a) refuse to proceed with the application; or

(b) require the application or any such specification as

aforesaid to be amended before he proceeds with the application.

1732

Search for anticipation previous publication.

Ch. 87 Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(3) At any time after an application has been filed under this Act and before acceptance of the complete specification, the comptroller may, at the request of the applicant and upon payment of the prescribed fee, direct that the application shall be post-dated to such date as may be specified in the request:

Provided that—

(i a)no application shall be post-dated under this subsection to a date later than six months from the date on which it was actually made or would, but for this subsection, be deemed to have been made; and (b) a convention application shall not be post-dated under this subsection to a date later than the last date on which, under the foregoing provisions of this Act, the application could have been made.

(4) Where an application or specification filed under this Act is amended before acceptance of the complete specification, the comptroller may direct that the application or specification shall be post-dated to the date on which it is amended or, if it has been returned to the applicant, to the date on which it is refiled.

(5) Rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act may make provision for securing that where, at any time after an application or specification has been filed under this Act and before acceptance of the complete specification, a fresh application or specification is filed in respect of any part of the subject matter of the first-mentioned application or specification, the comptroller may direct that the fresh application or specification shall be ante-dated to a date not earlier than the date of filing of the first-mentioned application or specification.

(6) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under subsection (2) or subsection (4) of this section.

7.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing section, the examiner to whom an application for a patent is referred under this Act shall make investigation for the purpose of ascertaining whether the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, has been published before the date of filing of the applicant's complete specification in any specification filed in pursuance of an application for a patent made in the United Kingdom and dated within fifty years next before that date.

(2) The examiner shall, in addition, make such investigation as the comptroller may direct for the purpose of ascertaining whether the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, has been published in the United Kingdom before the date of filing of the applicant’s complete specification in any other document (not being a document of any class described in subsection (1) of section fifty of this Act).

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1733

(3) If it appears to the comptroller that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, has been published as aforesaid, he may refuse to accept the specification unless the applicant either—

(a) shows to the satisfaction of the comptroller that the

priority date of the claim of his complete specification is not later than the date on which die relevant document was published; or

(b) amends his complete specification to the satisfaction of

the comptroller.

(4) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

8.—(1) In addition to the investigation required by the last Search for foregoing section, the examiner shall make investigation for antici^j?? the purpose of ascertaining whether the invention, so far as pnor claimed in any claim of the complete specification, is claimed in any claim of any other complete specification published on or after the date of filing of the applicant’s complete specification, being a specification filed—

(a) in pursuance of an application for a patent made in the United Kingdom and dated before that date; or

(b) in pursuance of a convention application founded upon an application for protection made in a convention country before that date.

(2) If it appears to the comptroller that the said invention is claimed in a claim of any such other specification as aforesaid, he may, subject to the provisions of this section, direct that a reference to that other specification shall be inserted by way of notice to the public in the applicant’s complete specification unless within such time as may be prescribed either—

(a) the applicant shows to the satisfaction of the comp-

troller that the priority date of his claim is not later than the priority date of the claim of the said other specification; or

(b) the complete specification is amended to the satisfaction

of the comptroller.

(3) If in consequence of the investigation under section seven of this Act or otherwise it appears to the comptroller—

(a) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the applicant’s complete specification, has been claimed in any such specification as is mentioned in subsection (1) of that section; and

1734

Reference incase of potential infringement,

Ch. 87 Patents A, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(b) that the other specification was published on or after the priority date of the applicant’s claim, then unless it has been shown to the satisfaction of the comptroller under that section that the priority date of the applicant’s claim is not later than the priority date of the claim of that other specification, the provisions of subsection (2) of this section shall apply as they apply in relation to a specification published on or after the date of filing of the applicant's complete specification.

(4) The powers of the comptroller under this section to direct the insertion of a reference to another specification may be exercised either before or after a patent has been granted for the invention claimed in that other specification, but any direction given before the grant of such a patent shall be of no effect unless and until such a patent is granted.

(5) An appeal shall lie from any direction of the comptroller under this section.

9.—(1) If, in consequence of the investigations required by the foregoing provisions of this Act or of proceedings under section fourteen or section thirty-three of this Act, it appears to the comptroller that an invention in respect of which application for a patent has been made cannot be performed without substantial risk of infringement of a claim of any other patent, he may direct that a reference to that other patent shall be inserted in the applicant’s complete specification by way of notice to the public unless within such time as may be prescribed either—

(a) the applicant shows to the satisfaction of the comptroller

that there are reasonable grounds for contesting the validity of the said claim of the other patent; or

(b) the complete specification is amended to the satisfaction

of the comptroller.

(2) Where, after a reference to another patent has been inserted in a complete specification in pursuance of a direction under the foregoing subsection,—

(a) that other patent is revoked or otherwise ceases to be

in force; or

(b) the specification of that other patent is amended by the

deletion of the relevant claim; or

(c) it is found, in proceedings before the court or the comp-

troller, that the relevant claim of that other patent is invalid or is not infringed by any working of the applicant’s invention,

the comptroller may, on the application of the applicant, delete the reference to that other patent.

(3) An appeal shall lie from any decision or direction of the comptroller under this section.

1949

Patents A, 1949

Ch. 87

1735

10. —(1) If it appears to the comptroller in the case of any Refusal of

application for a patent— application in

certain cases.

(a) that it is frivolous on the ground that it claims as an invention anything obviously contrary to well-established natural laws; or

(f>) that the use of the invention in respect of which the application is made would be contrary to law or morality; or

(c) that it claims as an invention a substance capable of being used as food or medicine which is a mixture of known ingredients possessing only the aggregate of the known properties of the ingredients, or that it claims as an invention a process producing such a substance by mere admixture.

he may refuse the application.

(2) If it appears to the comptroller that any invention in respect of which an application for a patent is made might be used in any manner contrary to law. he may refuse the application unless the specification is amended by the insertion of such disclaimer in respect of that use of the invention, or such other reference to the illegality thereof, as the comptroller thinks fit.

(3) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

11. —(1) The powers of the comptroller under section eight or Supplementary section nine of this Act may be exercised either before or after provisions asto the complete specification has been accepted or a patent granted searches, etc. to the applicant, and references in those sections to the applicant shall accordingly be construed as including references to

the patentee.

(2) Where a complete specification is amended under the foregoing provisions of this Act before it has been accepted, the amended specification shall be examined and investigated in like manner as the original specification.

(3) The examination and investigations required by the foregoing provisions of this Act shall not be deemed to warrant the validity of any patent, and no liability shall be incurred by the Board of Trade or any officer thereof by reason of or in connection with any such examination or investigation or any report or other proceedings consequent thereon.

12. —(1) An application for a patent shall be void unless j^ne for within twelve months from the date of filing of the complete putting specification, or within such longer period as may be allowed application in under the following provisions of this section, the applicant has jj complied with all requirements imposed on him by or under

1736

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

this Act, whether in connection with the complete specification or otherwise in relation to the application; and where the application or any specification or, in the case of a convention application, any document filed as part of the application, has been returned to the applicant by the comptroller in the course of the proceedings, the applicant shall not be deemed to have complied with the said requirements unless and until he has refiled it.

(2) The period allowed by subsection (1) of this section shall be extended to such oeriod, not exceeding fifteen months from the date of filing of the complete specification, as may be specified in a notice given by the applicant to the comptroller, if the notice is given and the prescribed fee paid before the expiration of the period so specified.

(3) If at the expiration of the period allowed under the foregoing provisions of this section an appeal to the Appeal Tribunal is pending under any of the provisions of this Act in respect of the application (or, in the case of an application for a patent of addition, either in respect of that application or in respect of the application for the patent for the main invention) or the time within which such an appeal could be brought in accordance with the rules of that Tribunal (apart from any future extension of time thereunder) has not expired, then—

(a) where such an appeal is pending, or is brought within the time aforesaid or before the expiration of any extension of that time granted (in the case of a first extension) on an application made within that time or (in the case of a subsequent extension) on an application made before the expiration of the last previous extension, the said period shall be extended until such date as the Appeal Tribunal may determine;

(b) where no such appeal is pending or is so brought, the said period shall continue until the end of the time aforesaid, or, if any extension of that time is granted as aforesaid, until the expiration of the extension or last extension so granted.

Acceptance 13.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing section.

and publication the complete specification filed in pursuance of an application of complete for a patent may be accepted by the comptroller at any time spec ca ion. after applicant has complied with the requirements mentioned in subsection (1) of that section, and if not so accepted within the period allowed under that section for compliance with those requirements, shall be accepted as soon as may be thereafter:

Provided that the applicant may give notice to the comptroller requesting him to postpone acceptance until such date, not being later than fifteen months from the date of filing of the complete specification, as may be specified in the notice; and if

1949

Patents A, 1949

Ch. 87

1737

such notice is given and, where the notice requests a postponement to a date later than twelve months from the date aforesaid, the prescribed fee is paid, the comptroller may postpone acceptance accordingly.

(2) On the acceptance of a complete specification the comptroller shall give notice to the applicant, and shall advertise in the Journal the fact that the specification has been accepted and the date on which the application and the specification or specifications filed in pursuance thereof will be open to public inspection.

(3) Any reference in this Act to the date of the publication of a complete specification shall be construed as a reference to (he date advertised as aforesaid.

(4) After the date of the publication of a complete specification and until the sealing of a patent in respect thereof, the applicant shall have the like privileges and rights as if a patent for the invention had been sealed on the date of the publication of the complete specification:

Provided that an applicant shall not be entitled to institute any proceedings for infringement until the patent has been sealed.

14.—(1) At any time within three months from the date of the Opposition to publication of a complete specification under this Act, any person 813111 ot patent' interested may give notice to the comptroller of opposition to the grant of the patent on any of the following grounds:—

(a) that the applicant for the patent, or the person described

in the application as the true and first inventor, obtained the invention or any part thereof from him, or from a person of whom he is the personal representative;

(b) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, has been published in the United Kingdom, before the priority date of the claim—

(i) in any specification filed in pursuance of an application for a patent made in the United Kingdom and dated within fifty years next before the date of filing of the applicant’s complete specification;

(ii) in any other document (not being a document of any class described in subsection (1) of section fifty of this Act);

(c) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the

complete specification, is claimed in any claim of a complete specification published on or after the priority date of the applicant’s claim and filed in pursuance of an application for a patent in the United Kingdom, being a claim of which the priority date is earlier than that of the applicant’s claim;

3 L

1738

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(d) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, was used in the United Kingdom before die priority date of that claim;

(e) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the

complete specification, is obvious and clearly does not involve any inventive step having regard to matter published as mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection, or having regard to what was used in the United Kingdom before the priority date of the applicant’s claim;

(f) that the subject of any claim of the complete

specification is not an invention within the meaning of this Act;

(g) that the complete specification does not sufficiently and

fairly describe the invention or the method by which it is to be performed;

(h) that, in the case of a convention application, the appli-

cation was not made within twelve months from the date of the first application for protection for the invention made in a convention country by the applicant or a person from whom he derives tide,

but on no other ground.

(2) Where any such notice is given, the comptroller shad give notice of the opposition to the applicant, and shall give ta the applicant and the opponent an opportunity to be heard before he decides on the case.

(3) The grant of a patent shall not be refused on the ground specified in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section if no patent has been granted in pursuance of the application mentioned in that paragraph; and for the purposes of paragraph id) or paragraph (e) of the said subsection (1) no account shall be taken of any secret use.

(4) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

Refusal of 15.—(1) If at any time after the acceptance of the complete patent without specification filed in pursuance of an application for a patent opposition. ancj before the grant of a patent thereon it comes to the notice of the comptroller, otherwise than in consequence of proceedings in opposition to the grant under the last foregoing section, that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, has been published in the United Kingdom before the priority date of the claim—

(a) in any specification filed in pursuance of an application for a patent made in the United Kingdom and dated within fifty years next before the date of filing of the applicant’s complete specification; or

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1739

(b) in lany other document (not being a document of any class described in subsection (1) of section fifty of this Act),

the comptroller may refuse to grant the patent unless within such time as may be prescribed the complete specification is amended to his satisfaction.

(2) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

16.—(1) If the comptroller is satisfied, upon a request or Mention of claim made in accordance with the provisions of this section— ^Tin *

(a) that the person in respect of or by whom the request orsuc m pa e

claim is made is the inventor of ^n invention in respect of which application for a patent has been made, or of a substantial part of that invention; and

(b) that the application for the patent is a direct conse-

quence of his being the inventor, the comptroller shall, subject to the provisions of this section, cause him to be mentioned as inventor in any patent granted in pursuance of the application, in the complete specification, and in the register of patents:

Provided that the mention of any person as inventor under this section shall not confer or derogate from any rights under the patent.

(2) For the purposes of this section the actual deviser of an invention or a part of an invention shall be deemed to be the inventor, notwithstanding that any other person is for any of the other purposes of this Act treated as the true and first inventor, and no person shall be deemed to be the inventor of an invention or a part of an invention by reason only that it was imported by him into the United Kingdom.

(3) A request that any person shall be mentioned as aforesaid may be made in the prescribed manner by the applicant for the patent or (where the person alleged to be the inventor is not the applicant or one of the applicants) by the applicant and that person.

(4) If any person (other than a person in respect of whom a request in relation to the application in question has been made under the last foregoing subsection) desires to be mentioned as aforesaid, he may make a claim in the prescribed manner in that behalf.

(5) A request or claim under the foregoing provisions of this section must be made not later than two months after the date of the publication of the complete specification, or within such further period (not exceeding one month) as the comptroller may, on an application made to him in that behalf before the expiration of the said period of two months and subject to payment of the prescribed fee, allow.

3 L 2

1740

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Substitution of applicants, etc.

(6) No request or claim under the foregoing provisions of this section shall be entertained if it appears to the comptroller that the request or claim is based upon facts which, if proved in the case of an opposition under the provisions of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fourteen of this Act by die person in respect of or by whom the request or claim is made, would have entided him to relief under that section.

(7) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, where a claim is made under subsection (4) of this section, the comptroller shall give notice of the claim to every applicant for the patent (not being the claimant) and to any other person whom the comptroller may consider to be interested; and before deciding upon any request or claim made under subsection (3) or subsection (4) of this section, the comptroller shall, if required, hear the person in respect of or by whom the request or claim is made, and, in the case of a claim under the said subsection

(4), any person to whom notice of the claim has been given as aforesaid.

(8) Where any person has been mentioned as inventor in pursuance of this section, any other person who alleges that he ought not to have been so mentioned may at any time apply to the comptroller for a certificate to that effect, and the comptroller may, after hearing, if required, any person whom he may consider to be interested, issue such a certificate, and if he does so, he shall rectify the specification and the register accordingly.

(9) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

17.—(1) If the comptroller is satisfied, on a claim made in the prescribed manner at any time before a patent has been granted, that by virtue of any assignment or agreement made by the applicant or one of the applicants for the patent, or by operation of law, the claimant would, if the patent were then granted, be entitled thereto or to the interest of the applicant therein, or to an undivided share of the patent or of that interest, the comptroller may, subject to the provisions of this section, direct that the application shall proceed in the name of the claimant or in the names of the claimant and the applicant or the other joint applicant or applicants, according as the case may require.

(2) No such direction as aforesaid shall be given by virtue of any assignment or agreement made by one of two or more joint applicants for a patent except with the consent of the other joint applicant or applicants.

(3) No such direction as aforesaid shall be given by virtue of any assignment or agreement for the assignment of the benefit of an invention unless either—

(a) the invention is identified therein by reference to the number of the application for the patent; or

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1741

(b) there is produced to the comptroller an acknowledgment by the person by whom the assignment or agreement was made that the assignment or agreement relates to the invention in respect of which that application is made; or

(c) the rights of the claimant in respect of the invention

have been finally established by a decision of any court or by a determination of the comptroller or the Appeal Tribunal under the following provisions of this Act.

(4) Where one of two or more joint applicants for a patent dies at any time before the patent has been granted, the comptroller may, upon a request in that behalf made by the survivor or survivors, and with the consent of the personal representative of the deceased, direct that the application shall proceed in the name of the survivor or survivors alone.

(5) If any dispute arises between joint applicants for a patent whether or in what manner the application should be proceeded with, the comptroller may, upon application made to him in the prescribed manner by any of the parties, and after giving to all parties concerned an opportunity to be heard, give such directions as he thinks fit for enabling the application to proceed in the name of one or more of the parties alone or for regulating the manner in which it shall be proceeded with, or for both those purposes, according as the case may require.

(6) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

18.—(1) Where, either before or after the commencement of Provisions this Act, an application for a patent has been made in respect for secrecy of an invention, and it appears to the comptroller that the certain invention is one of a class notified to him by a competent autho- mven ons* rity as relevant for defence purposes, he may give directions for prohibiting or restricting the publication of information with respect to the invention, or the communication of such information to any person or class of persons specified in the directions; and while such directions are in force the application may, subject to the directions, proceed up to the acceptance of the complete specification, but the acceptance shall not be advertised nor the specification published, and no patent shall be granted in pursuance of the application.

(2) Where the comptroller gives any such directions as aforesaid, he shall give notice of the application and of the directions to a competent authority, and thereupon the following provisions shall have effect, that is to say: —

(a) the competent authority shall, upon receipt of such notice, consider whether the publication of the invention would be prejudicial to the defence of the realm and unless

﻿1742

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

a notice under paragraph (c) of this subsection has previously been given by that authority to the comptroller, shall reconsider that question before the expiration of nine months from the date of filing of the application for the patent and at least once in every subsequent year;

(b) for the purpose aforesaid, the competent authority may, at any time after the complete specification has been accepted or, with the consent of the applicant, at any time before the complete specification has been accepted, inspect the application and any documents furnished to the comptroller in connection therewith;

(c) if upon consideration of the invention at any time it appears to the competent authority that the publication of the invention would not, or would no longer, be prejudicial to the defence of the realm, that authority shall give notice to the comptroller to that effect;

(d) on the receipt of any such notice the comptroller shall revoke the directions and may, subject to such conditions, if any, as he thinks fit, extend the time for doing anything required or authorised to be done by or under this Act in connection with the application, whether or not that time has previously expired.

(3) Where a complete specification filed in pursuance of an application for a patent for an invention in respect of which directions have been given under this section or under section twelve of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, is accepted during the continuance in force of the directions, then—

(a) if any use of the invention is made during the continuance in force of the directions by or on behalf of or to the order of a Government department, the provisions of sections forty-six to forty-nine of this Act shall apply in relation to that use as if the patent had been granted for the invention; and

(b) if it appears to a competent authority that the applicant for the patent has suffered hardship by reason of the continuance in force of the directions, that authority may, with the consent of the Treasury, make to him such payment (if any) by way of compensation as appears to them to be reasonable having regard to the novelty and utility of the invention and the purpose for which it is designed, and to any other relevant circumstances.

(4) Where a patent is granted in pursuance of an application in respect of which directions have been given under this section or under section twelve of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, no renewal fees shall be payable in respect of any period during which those directions were in force.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1743

(5) No person resident in the United Kingdom shall, except under the authority of a written permit granted by or on behalf of the comptroller, make or cause to be made any application outside the United Kingdom for the grant of a patent for an invention unless—

(a) an application for a patent for the same invention has

been made in the United Kingdom not less than six weeks before the application outside the United Kingdom; and

(b) either no directions have been given under subsection (1)

of this section or under section twelve of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, in relation to the application in the United Kingdom, or all such directions have been revoked:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to an invention for which an application for protection has first been filed in a country outside the United Kingdom by a person resident outside the United Kingdom.

(6) If any person fails to comply with any direction given under this section or makes or causes to be made an application for the grant of a patent in contravention of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine, or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(7) In this section the expression " competent authority" means a Secretary of State, die Admiralty or the Minister of Supply.

Grant, effect and term of patent

19.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act with respect Grant and to opposition, and to any other power of the comptroller to seating of refuse the grant, a patent sealed with the seal of the Patent patent* Office shall, if the prescribed request is made within the time allowed under this section, be granted to the applicant or applicants within that time or as soon as may be thereafter; and the date on which the patent is sealed shall be entered in the register of patents.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this Act with respect to patents of addition, a request under this section for

1744

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 14 Geo. 6

the sealing of a patent shall be made not later than the expiration of four months from the date of the publication of the complete specification:

Provided that—

(a) where at the expiration of the said four months any

proceeding in relation to the application for the patent is pending in any court or before the comptroller or the Appeal Tribunal, the request may be made within the prescribed period after the final determination of that proceeding;

(b) where the applicant or one of the applicants has died

before the expiration of the time within which under the provisions of this subsection the request could otherwise be made, the said request may be made at any time within twelve months after the date of the death or at such later tune as the comptroller may allow.

(3) The period within which under the last foregoing subsection a request for the sealing of a patent may be made may from time to time be extended by the comptroller to such longer period as may be specified in an application made to him in that behalf, if the application is made and the prescribed fee paid within that longer period:

Provided that the first-mentioned period shall not be extended under this subsection by more than six months or such shorter period as may be prescribed.

(4) Where in any case the longest period for making a request for the sealing of a patent allowable in that case by or under the foregoing provisions of this section has been allowed, and it is proved to the satisfaction of the comptroller that hardship would arise in connection with the prosecution by an applicant of an application for a patent in any country outside the United Kingdom unless that period is extended, that period may be extended from time to time to such longer period as appears to the comptroller to be necessary in order to prevent that hardship arising if an application in that behalf is made to him, and the prescribed fee is paid, within the first-mentioned period, or in the case of a second or subsequent application under this subsection, within the period to which that period was extended on the last preceding application thereunder.

(5) For the purposes of this section a proceeding shall be deemed to be pending so long as the time for any appeal therein (apart from any future extension of that time) has not expired, and a proceeding shall be deemed to be finally determined when the time for any appeal therein (apart from any such extension) has expired without the appeal being brought.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1745

20. Where, at any time after a patent has been sealed in Amendment pursuance of an application under this Act, the comptroller is of patent satisfied that the person to whom the patent was granted had 5*" died, or (in the case of a body corporate) had ceased to exist, applicant, before the patent was sealed, he may amend the patent by substituting for the name of that person the name of the person to

whom the patent ought to have been granted; and the patent shall have effect, and shall be deemed always to have had effect, accordingly.

21. —(1) A patent sealed with the seal of the Patent Office Extent, effect shall have the same effect as if it were sealed with the Great a°d

Seal of the United Kingdom, and shall have effect throughoutofpatent* the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man:

Provided that a patent may be assigned for any place in or part of the United Kingdom or Isle of Man as effectually as if it were granted so as to extend to that place or part only.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act and of subsection (3) of section three of the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, a patent shall have the same effect against the Crown as it has against a subject.

(3) A patent shall be in such form as may be authorised by rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act.

(4) A patent shall be granted for one invention only; but it shall not be competent for any person in an action or other proceeding to take any objection to a patent on the ground that it has been granted for more than one invention.

22. —(1) Every patent shall be dated with the date of filing of Date and term

the complete specification: of patent.

Provided that no proceeding shall be taken in respect of an infringement committed before the date of the publication of the complete specification.

(2) The date of every patent shall be entered in the register of patents.

(3) Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Act, the term of every patent shall be sixteen years from the date of the patent.

(4) A patent shall cease to have effect, notwithstanding anything therein or in this Act, on the expiration of the period prescribed for the payment of any renewal fee if that fee is not paid within the prescribed period or within that period as extended under this section.

(5) The period prescribed for the payment of any renewal fee shall be extended to such period, not being more than three months longer than the prescribed period, as may be specified

3 L*

1746

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Extension on ground of inadequate remuneration.

Extension on ground of war loss.

in a request made to the comptroller if the request is made and the renewal fee and the prescribed additional fee paid before the expiration of the period so specified.

23. —(1) If upon application made by a patentee in accordance with this section the court is satisfied that the patentee has not been adequately remunerated by the patent, the court may by order extend the term of the patent, subject to such restrictions, conditions and provisions, if any, as may be specified in the order, for such period (not exceeding five years or, in an exceptional case, ten years) as may be so specified; and any such order may be made notwithstanding that the term of the patent has previously expired.

(2) An application for an order under this section shall be made by petition after such advertisement as may be prescribed by rules of court, and shall be made not more than twelve nor less than six months before the expiration of the term of the patent or at such later time (not being later than the expiration of the said term) as the court may allow.

(3) Any person desiring to oppose the making of an order under this section, or to claim the inclusion therein of any restrictions, conditions or provisions, may within such period as may be prescribed by rules of court give notice of opposition to the court.

(4) On the hearing of any application under this section the applicant and any person by whom notice of opposition has been duly given shall be made parties to the proceeding; and the comptroller shall be entitled to appear and be heard, and shall appear if so directed by the court.

(5) In considering any application under this section the court shall have regard to the nature and merits of the invention in relation to the public, to the profits made by the patentee as such, and to all the circumstances of the case.

(6) Not more than one order shall be made under this section in respect of the same patent, but an order may be made under this section in respect of a patent in respect of which one or more orders have been made under the next following section.

24. —(1) If upon application made by a patentee in accordance with this section the court or the comptroller is satisfied that the patentee as such has suffered loss or damage (including loss of opportunity of dealing in or developing the invention) by reason of hostilities between His Majesty and any foreign state, the court or comptroller may by order extend the term of the patent subject to such restrictions, conditions and provisions, if any, as may be specified in the order, for such period (not exceeding ten years) as may be so specified; and any such order may be made notwithstanding that the term of the patent has previously expired.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1747

(2) An application for an order under this section may be made at the option of the applicant to the court or to the comptroller: but if the comptroller considers that an application made to him raises issues of a kind which would be more fittingly decided by the court, he may if he thinks fit refer the application for decision by the court.

(3) An application under this section shall be made not more than twelve nor less than six months before the expiration of the term of the patent or at such later time as the court or comptroller may allow:

Provided that the court or comptroller shall not allow an application to be made later than the expiration of the said term unless satisfied that the applicant has been prevented from making the application before the expiration of that term by being on active service or by other circumstances arising by reason of any such hostilities as aforesaid.

(4) Where an application under this section is made to the court, it may be made by petition or by originating summons after such advertisement as may be prescribed by rules of court; and where an application under this section is made to the comptroller, it shall be made in such manner as may be prescribed by rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act.

(5) Any person desiring to oppose the making of an order under this section, or to claim the inclusion therein of any restrictions, conditions or provisions, may give notice of opposition to the court or, as the case may be, the comptroller—

(a) in the case of an application to the court, within such

period as may be prescribed by rules of court; and

(b) in the case of an application to the comptroller, within

such period as may be prescribed by rules made by the

Board of Trade under this Act.

(6) On the hearing of any application under this section the applicant and any person by whom notice of opposition has been duly given shall be made parties to the proceeding; and in the case of an application to the court, the comptroller shall be entitled to appear and be heard, and shall appear if so directed by the court.

(7) Two or more orders may be made under this section in respect of the same patent, and an order may be made under this section in respect of a patent in respect of which an order has been made under the last foregoing section: but the aggregate term of any extensions granted in pursuance of orders made under this section shall not exceed ten years.

3 L* 2

1748

Extension on ground of war loss of licensee.

Patents of addition.

Ch. 87 Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(8) No order shall be made under this section on the application of—

(a) a person who is a subject of such a foreign state as

is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section; or

(b) a company the business of which is managed or con-

trolled by such persons or is carried on wholly or mainly for the benefit of or on behalf of such persons, notwithstanding that the company may be registered within His Majesty’s dominions;

and for the purpose of this section no account shall be taken of any loss or damage suffered by any person during any period during which he was such a subject as aforesaid, or by any company during any period during which its business was managed or controlled or carried on as aforesaid.

(9) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

25. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing section, an order for the extension of the term of a patent may be made under that section on the application of a person holding a licence from the patentee giving to the licensee, or to the licensee and persons authorised by him, to the exclusion of all other persons, permission to make, use, exercise and vend the invention, if the court or comptroller is satisfied that the licensee as such has suffered any such loss or damage as is mentioned in subsection (1) of that section.

26. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where application is made for a patent in respect of any improvement in or modification of an invention (in this Act referred to as " the main invention ") and the applicant also applies or has applied for a patent for that invention or is the patentee in respect thereof, the comptroller may, if the applicant -so requests, grant the patent for the improvement or modification as a patent of addition.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where an invention, being an improvement in or modification of another invention, is the subject of an independent patent and the patentee in respect of that patent is also the patentee in respect of the patent for the main invention, the comptroller may, if the patentee so requests, by order revoke the patent for the improvement or modification and grant to the patentee a patent of addition in respect thereof, bearing the same date as the date of the patent so revoked.

(3) A patent shall not be granted as a patent of addition unless the date of filing of the complete specification was the same as or later than the date of filing of the complete specification in respect of the main invention.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1749

(4) A patent of addition shall not be sealed before the sealing of the patent for the main invention; and if the period within which, but for this provision, a request for the sealing of a patent of addition could be made under section nineteen of this Act expires before the period within which a request for the sealing of the patent for the main invention may be so made, the request for the sealing of the patent of addition may be made at any time within the last-mentioned period.

(5) A patent of addition shall be granted for a term equal to that of the patent for the main invention, or so much thereof as is unexpired, and shall remain in force during that term or until the previous cesser of the patent for the main invention and no longer:

Provided that—

(a) if the term of the patent for the main invention is ex-

tended under the foregoing provisions of this Act, the term of the patent of addition may also be extended accordingly; and

(b) if the patent for the main invention is revoked under

this Act, the court or comptroller, as the case may be, may order that the patent of addition shall become an independent patent for the remainder of the term of the patent for the main invention, and thereupon the patent shall continue in force as an independent patent accordingly.

(6) No renewal fees shall be payable in respect of a patent of addition; but, if any such patent becomes an independent patent by virtue of an order under the last foregoing subsection, the same fees shall thereafter be payable, upon the same dates, as if the patent had been originally granted as an independent patent.

(7) The grant of a patent of addition shall not be refused, and a patent granted as a patent of addition shall not be revoked or invalidated, on the ground only that the invention claimed in the complete specification does not involve any inventive step having regard to any publication or use of—

(a) the main invention described in the complete

specification relating thereto; or

(b) any improvement in or modification of the main

invention described in the complete specification of a patent of addition to the patent for the main invention or of an application for such a patent of addition;

and the validity of a patent of addition shall not be questioned on the ground that the invention ought to have been the subject of an independent patent.

1750

Restoration of lapsed patents.

Ch. 87 'Patents Ac, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(8) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

Restoration of lapsed patents and patent applications

27.—(1) Where a patent has ceased to have effect by reason of a failure to pay any renewal fee within the prescribed period or within that period as extended under section twenty-two of this Act, and the comptroller is satisfied, upon application made within three years from the date on which the patent ceased to have effect, that the failure was unintentional and that no undue delay has occurred in the making or prosecution of the application, he shall by order restore the patent and any patent of addition specified in the application which has ceased to have effect on the cesser of that patent.

(2) An application under this section may be made by the person who was the patentee or by his personal representative; and where the patent was held by two or more persons jointly, the application may, with the leave of the comptroller, be made by one or more of them without joining the others.

(3) An application under this section shall contain a statement (to be verified in such manner as may be prescribed) fully setting out the circumstances which led to the failure to pay the renewal fee; and the comptroller may require from the applicant such further evidence as he may think necessary.

(4) If after hearing the applicant (if the applicant so requires or the comptroller thinks fit) the comptroller is satisfied that a prima facie case has been made out for an order under this section, he shall advertise the application in the Journal; and within the prescribed period any person may give notice to the comptroller of opposition thereto on either or both of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the failure to pay the renewal fee was not uninten-

tional; or

(b) that there has been undue delay in the making of the

application.

(5) If notice of opposition is given within the period aforesaid, the comptroller shall notify the applicant, and shall give to him and to the opponent an opportunity to be heard before he decides the case.

(6) If no notice of opposition is given within the period aforesaid or if, in the case of opposition, the decision of the comptroller is in favour of the applicant, the comptroller shall, upon payment of any unpaid renewal .fee and such additional fee as may be prescribed, make the order in accordance with the application.

1751

1949 Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

(7) An order under this section for the restoration of a patent—

(a) may be made subject to such conditions as the comp-

troller thinks fit, including in particular a condition requiring the registration in the register of patents of any matter in respect of which die provisions of this Act as to entries in that register have not been complied with; and

(b) shall contain such provision as may be prescribed for

the protection of persons who may have begun to avail themselves of the patented invention between the date when the patent ceased to have effect and the date of the application under this section;

and if any condition of an order under this section is not complied with by the patentee, the comptroller may, after giving to the patentee an opportunity to be heard, revoke the order and give such directions consequential on the revocation as he thinks fit.

(8) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

28.—(1) Where a patent has not been sealed by reason only Restoration that the prescribed request was not made within the time allowed of k.P8? for that purpose by or under section nineteen of this Act, then if the comptroller is satisfied, upon application made within six1 months after the expiration of that time by the applicant for the patent, that the failure to make the request was unintentional, he may order the patent to be sealed notwithstanding that the prescribed request was not made as aforesaid.

(2) An application under this section shall contain a statement (to be verified in such manner as may be prescribed) fully setting out the circumstances which led to the failure to make the prescribed request; and the comptroller may require from the applicant such further evidence as he may think necessary.

(3) If after hearing the applicant (if the applicant so requires or the comptroller thinks fit) the comptroller is satisfied that a prima facie case has been made out for an order under this section, he shall advertise the application in the Journal; and within the prescribed period any person may give notice to the comptroller of opposition thereto on the ground that the failure to make the prescribed request was not unintentional.

(4) If notice of opposition is given within the period aforesaid, the comptroller shall notify the applicant and shall give to him and to the opponent an opportunity to be heard before he decides the case.

(5) If no notice of opposition is given within the period aforesaid, or if in the case of opposition the decision of the comptroller is in favour of the applicant, the comptroller shall, upon payment

1752

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Amendment of specification with leave of comptroller.

of the fee prescribed in respect of the making of the request for sealing and of such additional fee as may be prescribed, make the order in accordance with the application.

(6) An order under this section for the sealing of a patent shall contain such provision as may be prescribed for the protection of persons who may have begun to avail themselves of the invention between the date when the time allowed by or under section nineteen of this Act for making the prescribed request expired and the date of the application under this section.

(7) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

Amendment of specifications

29.—(1) Subject to the provisions of section thirty-one of this Act, the comptroller may, upon application made under this section by a patentee, or by an applicant for a patent at any time after the acceptance of the complete specification, allow the complete specification to be amended subject to such conditions, if any, as the comptroller thinks fit:

Provided that the comptroller shall not allow a specification to be amended under this section upon an application made while any action before the court for infringement of the patent or any proceeding before the court for the revocation of the patent is pending.

(2) Every application for leave to amend a specification under this section shall state the nature of the proposed amendment and shall give full particulars of the reasons for which the application is made.

(3) Any application for leave to amend a specification under this section, and the nature of the proposed amendment, shall be advertised in the prescribed manner:

Provided that where the application is made before the publication of the complete specification, the comptroller may, if he thinks fit, dispense with advertisement under this subsection or direct that advertisement shall be postponed until the complete specification is published.

(4) Within the prescribed period after the advertisement of an application under this section, any person may give notice to the comptroller of opposition thereto; and where such a notice is given within the period aforesaid, the comptroller shall notify the person by whom the application under this section is made and shall give to that person and to the opponent an opportunity to be heard before he decides the case. 5

(5) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1753

(6) This section shall not apply in relation to any amendment of a specification effected in proceedings in opposition to the grant of a patent or on a reference to the comptroller of a dispute as to the infringement or validity of a claim, or effected in pursuance of any provision of this Act authorising the comptroller to direct a reference to another specification or patent to be inserted, or to refuse to grant a patent, or to revoke a patent, unless the specification is amended to his satisfaction.

30. —(1) In any action for infringement of a patent or any Amendment of proceeding before the court for the revocation of a patent, the specification court may, subject to the provisions of the next following section,

by order allow the patentee to amend his complete specification ° 60 '

in such manner, and subject to such terms as to costs, advertisements or otherwise, as the court may think fit; and if in any such proceedings for revocation the court decides that the patent is invalid, the court may allow the specification to be amended . under this section instead of revoking the patent. 1

(2) Where an application for an order under this section is made to the court, die applicant shall give notice of the application to the comptroller, and the comptroller shall be entitled to appear and be heard, and shall appear if so directed by the court.

31. —(1) After the acceptance of a complete specification. Supplementary no amendment thereof shall be effected except by way of dis- provisions as to claimer, correction or explanation, and no amendment thereof

shall be allowed, except for the purpose of correcting an obvious spccaK& mistake, the effect of which would be that the specification as amended would claim or describe matter not in substance disclosed in the specification before the amendment, or that any claim of the specification as amended would not fall wholly within the scope of a claim of the specification before the amendment.

(2) Where, after the date of the publication of a complete specification, any amendment of the specification is allowed or approved by the comptroller, the court or the Appeal Tribunal under this Act, the right of the patentee or applicant to make the amendment shall not be called in question except on the ground of fraud; and the amendment shall in all courts and for all purposes be deemed to form part of the specification :

Provided that in construing the specification as amended reference may be made to the specification as originally published. 3

(3) Where, after the date of the publication of a complete specification, any amendment of the specification is allowed or approved as aforesaid, the fact that the specification has been amended shall be advertised in the Journal.

1754

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Revocation of patent by court.

Revocation and surrender of patents

32.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a patent may, i the petition of any person interested, be revoked by the court i any of the following grounds, that is to say,—

(a) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the

complete specification, was claimed in a valid claim of earlier priority date contained in the complete specification of another patent granted in the United Kingdom;

(b) that the patent was granted on the application of a

person not entitled under the provisions of this Act to apply therefor;

(c) that the patent was obtained in contravention of the

rights of the petitioner or any person under or through whom he claims;

(d) that the subject of any claim of the complete specifi-

cation is not an invention within the meaning of this Act;

(e) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of

the complete specification, is not new having regard to what was known or used, before the priority date of the claim; in the United Kingdom;

(f) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, is obvious and does not involve any inventive step having regard to what was known or used, before the priority date of the claim, in the United Kingdom;

(g) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, is not useful;

(/?) that the complete specification does not sufficiently and fairly describe the invention and the method by which it is to be performed, or does not disclose the best method of performing it which was known to the applicant for the patent and for which he was entitled to claim protection;

(i) that the scope of any claim of the complete specification is not sufficiently and clearly defined or. that any claim of the complete specification is not fairly based on the matter disclosed in the specification;

(/) that the patent was obtained on a false suggestion or representation;

(A:) that the primary or intended use or exercise of the invention is contrary to law;

(/) that the invention, so far as claimed in any claim of the complete specification, was secretly used in the United Kingdom, otherwise than as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, before the priority date of that claim.

1949

Patents A1949

Ch. 87

1755

(2) For the purposes of paragraph (/) of subsection (1) of this section, no account shall be taken of any use of the invention—

(a) for the purpose of reasonable trial or experiment only;

or

(b) by a Government department or any person authorised

by a Government department, in consequence of the applicant for the patent or any person from whom he derives title having communicated or disclosed the invention directly or indirectly to a Government department or person authorised as aforesaid; or.

(c) by any other person, in consequence of the applicant

for the patent or any person from whom he derives title having communicated or disclosed the invention, dnd without the consent or acquiescence of the applicant or of any person from whom he derives title;

and for the purposes of paragraph (e) or paragraph (/) of the said subsection (1) no account shall be taken of any secret use.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, a patent may be revoked by the court on the petition of a Government department, if the court is satisfied that the patentee has without reasonable cause failed to comply with a request of the department to make, use or exercise the patented invention for the services of the Crown upon reasonable terms.

(4) Every ground on which a patent may be revoked shall be available as a ground of defence in any proceeding for the infringement of the patent.

33.—(1) At any time within twelve months after the sealing of Revocation of a patent, any person interested who did not oppose the grant patent by of the patent may apply to the comptroller for an order revoking comptroller, the patent on any one or more of the grounds upon which the grant of the patent could have been opposed:

Provided that when an action for infringement, or proceedings for the revocation, of a patent are pending in any court, an application to the comptroller under this section shall not be made except with the leave of the court.

(2) Where an application is made under this section, the comptroller shall notify the patentee and shall give to the applicant and the patentee an opportunity to be heard before deciding the case.

(3) If on an application under this section the comptroller is satisfied that any of the grounds aforesaid are established, he may by order direct that the patent shall be revoked either unconditionally or unless within such time as may be specified in the order the complete specification is amended to his satisfaction:

Provided that the comptroller shall not make an order for the unconditional revocation of a patent under this section

1756

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Surrender of patent.

Endorsement of patent " licences of right ".

unless the circumstances are such as would have justified him in refusing to grant the patent in proceedings under section fourteen of this Act.

(4) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

34.—(1) A patentee may at any time by notice given to the comptroller offer to surrender his patent.

(2) Where such an offer is made the comptroller shall advertise the offer in the prescribed manner; and within the prescribed period after such advertisement any person interested may give notice to th$ comptroller of opposition to the surrender.

(3) Where any such notice of opposition is duly 'given the comptroller shall notify the patentee.

(4) If the comptroller is satisfied, after hearing the patentee and any opponent, if desirous of being heard, that die patent may properly be surrendered, he may accept the offer and by order revoke the patent.

(5) An appeal shall he from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

Voluntary endorsement of patent

35.—(1) At any time after the sealing of a patent the patentee may apply to the comptroller for the patent to be endorsed with the words "licences of right and where such an application is made, the comptroller shall notify the application to any person entered on the register as entitled to an interest in the patent, and if satisfied, after giving any such person an opportunity to be heard, that the patentee is not precluded by contract from granting licences under the patent, cause the patent to be endorsed accordingly.

(2) Where a patent is endorsed under this section—

(a) any person shall, at any time thereafter, be entitled as of right to a licence under the patent upon such terms as may, in default of agreement, be settled by the comptroller on the application of the patentee or the person requiring the licence;

(b) the comptroller may, on the application of the holder of any licence granted under the patent before the endorsement, order the licence to be exchanged for a licence to be granted by virtue of the endorsement upon terms to be settled as aforesaid;

(c) if in proceedings for infringement of the patent (otherwise than by the importation of goods) the defendant undertakes to take a licence upon terms to be settled

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1757

by the comptroller as aforesaid, no injunction shall be granted against him, and the amount (if any) recoverable against him by way of damages shall not exceed double the amount which would have been payable by him as licensee if such a licence had been granted before the earliest infringement;

(d) the renewal fees payable in respect of the patent after the date of the endorsement shall be one half of the renewal fees which would be payable if the patent were not so endorsed.

(3) The licensee under any licence granted by virtue of the endorsement of a patent under this section shall (unless, in the case of a licence the terms of which are settled by agreement, the licence otherwise expressly provides) be entitled to call upon the patentee to take proceedings to prevent any infringement of the patent; and if the patentee revises or neglects to do so within two months after being so called upon, the licensee may institute proceedings for the infringement in his own name as if he were patentee, making the patentee a defendant:

Provided that a patentee so added as defendant shall not be liable for any costs unless he enters an appearance and takes part in the proceedings.

(4) An application for the endorsement of a patent under this section shall contain a statement (to be verified in such manner as may be prescribed) that the patentee is not precluded by contract from granting licences under the patent; and the comptroller may require from the applicant such further evidence as he may think necessary.

(5) An application made under this section for the endorsement of a patent of addition shall be treated as an application for the endorsement of the patent for the main invention also, and an application made under this section for the endorsement of a patent in respect of which a patent of addition is in force shall be treated as an application for the endorsement of the patent of addition also; and where a patent of addition is granted in respect of a patent already endorsed under this section, the patent of addition shall also be so endorsed.

(6) All endorsements of patents under this section shall be entered in the register of patents and shall be published in the Journal and in such other manner as the comptroller thinks desirable for bringing the endorsement to the notice of manufacturers. 7

(7) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

1758

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Cancellation of 36.—(1) At any time after a patent has been endorsed under endorsement the last foregoing section, the patentee may apply to the comp-under section troller for cancellation of the endorsement; and where such an application is made and the balance paid of all renewal fees which would have been payable if the patent had not been endorsed, the comptroller may, if satisfied that there is no existing licence under the patent or that all licensees under the patent consent to the application, cancel the endorsement accordingly.

(2) Within the prescribed period after a patent has been endorsed as aforesaid, any person who claims that the patentee is, and was at the time of the endorsement, precluded by a contract in which the claimant is interested from granting licences under the patent may apply to the comptroller for cancellation of the endorsement

(3) Where the comptroller is satisfied, on application made under the last foregoing subsection, that the patentee is and was precluded as aforesaid, he shall cancel the endorsement; and thereupon the patentee shall be liable to pay, within such period as may be prescribed, a sum equal to the balance of all renewal fees which would have been payable if the patent had not been endorsed, and if that sum is not paid within that period the patent shall cease to have effect at the expiration of that period.

(4) Where the endorsement of a patent is cancelled under this section, the rights and liabilities of the patentee shall thereafter be the same as if the endorsement had not been made.

(5) The comptroller shall advertise in the prescribed manner any application made to him under this section; and within the prescribed period after such advertisement—

(a) in the case of an application under subsection (1) of this

section, any person interested; and

(b) in the case of an application under subsection (2) of this

section, the patentee,

may give notice to the comptroller of opposition to the cancellation.

(6) Where any such notice of opposition is given, the comptroller shall notify the applicant, and shall give to the applicant and the opponent an opportunity to be heard before deciding the case. 7

(7) An application made under this section for the cancellation of the endorsement of a patent of addition shall be treated as an application for the cancellation of the endorsement of the patent for the main invention also, and an application made under this section for the cancellation of the endorsement of a patent in respect of which a patent of addition is in force shall be treated as an application for the cancellation of the endorsement of the patent of addition also.

1759

1949 Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

(8) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

Compulsory licences, etc.

37.—(1) At any time after the expiration of three years from Compulsory the date of the sealing of a patent, any person interested may endorsement, apply to the comptroller upon any one or more of the grounds specified in the next following subsection for a licence under the patent or for the endorsement of the patent with the words "licences of right."

(2) The grounds upon which application may be made for an order under this section are as follows, that is to say: —

(a) that the patented invention, being capable of being com-

mercially worked in the United Kingdom, is not being commercially worked therein or is not being so worked to the fullest extent that is reasonably practicable;

(b) that a demand for the patented article in the United

Kingdom is not being met on reasonable terms, or is being met to a substantial extent by importation;

(c) that the commercial working of the invention in the

United Kingdom is being prevented or hindered by the importation of the patented article;

(d) that by reason of the refusal of the patentee to grant a licence or licences on reasonable terms—

(i) a market for the export of the patented article manufactured in the United Kingdom is not being supplied; or

(ii) the working or efficient working in the United Kingdom of any other patented invention which makes a substantial contribution to the art is prevented or hindered; or

(iii) the establishment or development of com-- mercial or industrial activities in the United Kingdom

is unfairly prejudiced;

(e) that by reason of conditions imposed by the patentee

upon the grant of licences under the patent, or upon the purchase, hire or use of the patented article or process, the manufacture, use or sale of materials not protected by the patent, or the establishment or development of commercial or industrial activities in the United Kingdom is unfairly prejudiced. 3

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, the comptroller may, if satisfied that any of the grounds aforesaid are established, make an order in accordance with the application; and where the order is for the grant of a licence, it may require the licence to be granted upon such terms as the comptroller thinks fit:

1760

Ch. 87

Patents Act. 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Provisions as to licences under section 37.

Provided that—

(a) where the application is made on the ground that the

patented invention is not being commercially worked in the United Kingdom or is not being worked to the fullest extent that is reasonably practicable, and it appears to the comptroller that the time which has elapsed since the sealing of the patent has for any reason been insufficient to enable it to be so worked, he may by order adjourn the application for such period as will in his opinion give sufficient time for the invention to be so worked;

(b) an order shall not be made under this section for

the endorsement of a patent on the ground that a market for the export of the patented article is not being supplied, and any licence granted under this section on that ground shall contain such provisions as appear to the comptroller to be expedient for restricting the countries in which the patented article may be sold or used by the licensee;

(c) no order shall be made under this section in respect of

a patent on the ground that the working or efficient working in the United Kingdom of another patented invention is prevented or hindered unless the comptroller is satisfied that the patentee in respect of that other invention is able and willing to grant to the patentee and his licensees a licence in respect of that other invention on reasonable terms.

(4) An application under this section may be made by any person notwithstanding that he is already the holder of a licence under the patent; and no person shall be estopped from alleging any of the matters specified in subsection (2) of this section by reason of any admission made by him, whether in such a licence or otherwise, or by reason of his having accepted such a licence.

(5) In this section the expression " patented article " includes any article made by a patented process.

38.—(1) Where the comptroller is satisfied, on application made under the last foregoing section, that the manufacture, use or sale of materials not protected by the patent is unfairly prejudiced by reason of conditions imposed by the patentee upon the grant of licences under the patent, or upon the purchase, hire or use of the patented article or process, he may, subject to the provisions of that section, order the grant of licences under the patent to such customers of the applicant as he thinks fit as well as to the applicant.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1761

(2) Where an application under the last foregoing section is made by a person being the holder of a licence under the patent, the comptroller may, if he makes an order for the grant of a licence to the applicant, order the existing licence to be cancelled, or may, if he thinks fit, instead of making an order for the grant of a licence to the applicant, order the existing licence to be amended.

(3) Where on an application under the last foregoing section the comptroller orders the grant of a licence, he may direct that the licence shall operate—

(a) to deprive the patentee of any right which he may have

as patentee to make, use, exercise or vend the invention or to grant licences under the patent;

(b) to revoke all existing licences in respect of the invention.

(4) Subsection (3) of section thirty-five of this Act shall apply to any licence granted in pursuance of an order under the last foregoing section as it applies to a licence granted by virtue of the said section thirty-five.

39.—(1) The powers of the comptroller upon an application Exercise under section thirty-seven of this Act shall be exercised with a of powers view to securing the following general purposes, that is to say: —

(a) that inventions which can be worked on a commercial 37. scale in the United Kingdom and which should in the public interest be so worked shall be worked therein without undue delay and to the fullest extent that is reasonably practicable;

(6) that the inventor or other person beneficially entitled to a patent shall receive reasonable remuneration having regard to the nature of the invention;

(c) that the interests of any person for the time being work-

ing or developing an invention in the United Kingdom under the protection of a patent shall not be unfairly prejudiced. 2 *

(2) Subject to the foregoing subsection, the comptroller shall, in determining whether to make an order in pursuance of any such application, take account of the following matters, that is to say:—

(a) the nature of the invention, the time which has elapsed

since the sealing of the patent and the measures already taken by the patentee or any licensee to make fuil use of the invention;

(b) the ability of any person to whom a licence would be

granted under the order to work the invention to the public advantage; and

1762

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Endorsement etc. on application of Crown

(c) the risks to be undertaken by that person in providing capital and working the invention if the application is granted;

but shall not be required to take account of matters subsequent to the making of the application.

40.—(1) At any time after the expiration of three years from the date of the sealing of a patent, any Government department may apply to the comptroller upon any one or more of the grounds specified in section thirty-seven of this Act for the endorsement of the patent with the words "licences of right " or for the grant to any person specified in the application of a licence under the patent; and the comptroller may, if satisfied that any of those grounds are established, make an order in accordance with the application.

(2) Subsections (3) and (5) of section thirty-seven of this Act and sections thirty-eight and thirty-nine of this Act shall, so far as applicable, apply in relation to an application and an order under the last foregoing subsection as they apply in relation to an application and an order under the said section thirty-seven.

(3) Where according to a report of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Commission as laid before Parliament under section nine of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (Inquiry and Control) Act, 1948, conditions to which that Act applies prevail in respect of the supply of goods of any description which consist of or include patented articles, or in respect of exports of such goods, or in respect of the application to goods of any description of any process which consists of or includes a patented process, and, not earlier than three months from the date on which the report was laid before the Commons House of Parliament, a resolution has been passed by that House declaring that those conditions or any things which, according to the report as laid before Parliament, are done by the parties concerned, as a result of or for the purpose of preserving those conditions, operate or may be expected to operate against the public interest, a competent authority within the meaning of the said Act of 1948 may apply to the comptroller for an order under the next following subsection hr respect of the patent. 4

(4) If upon an application under the last foregoing subsection it appears to the comptroller that the matters which, according to the resolution mentioned in that subsection, operate or may be expected to operate against the public interest include—

(a) any conditions in a licence or licences granted by the patentee under the patent restricting the use of the invention by the licensee or the right of the patentee to grant other licences under the patent; or

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1763

(6) a refusal by the patentee to grant licences under the patent on reasonable tenns,

he may by order cancel or modify any such condition as afore* said or may, if he thinks fit, instead of making such an order or in addition to making such an order, order the patent to be endorsed with the words "licences of right "

41. —(1) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of Inventions

this Act, where a patent is in force in respect of— relating to food

or medicine,

(a) a substance capable of being used as food or medicine etc. or in the production of food or medicine; or

(b) a processs for producing such a substance as aforesaid; or

(c) any invention capable of being used as or as part of a surgical or curative device.

the comptroller shall, on application made to him by any person interested, order the grant to the applicant of a licence under the patent on such terms as he thinks fit, unless it appears to him that there are good reasons for refusing die application.

(2) In settling the terms of licences under this section the comptroller shall endeavour to secure that food, medicines, and surgical and curative devices shall be available to the public at the lowest prices consistent with the patentees* deriving a reasonable advantage from their patent rights.

(3) A licence granted under this section shall entitle the licensee to make, use, exercise and vend the invention as a food or medicine, or for the purposes of the production of food or medicine or as or as part of a surgical or curative device, but for no other purposes.

42. —(1) Where an order for the grant of a licence under a Revocation of patent has been made in pursuance of an application under Patent section thirty-seven of this Act, any person interested may, at

any time after the expiration of two years from the date of that order, apply to the comptroller for the revocation of the patent upon any of the grounds specified in subsection (2) of the said section thirty-seven; and if upon any such application the comptroller is satisfied—

(a) that any of the said grounds are established; and

(b) that the purposes for which an order may be made in pursuance of an application under the said section thirty-seven could not be achieved by the making of any such order as is authorised to be made in pursuance of such an application,

he may order the patent to be revoked.

1764

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 14 Geo. 6

Procedure on application under sections 37 to 42.

Appeal and references to arbitrator.

(2) An order for the revocation of a patent under this section may be made so as to take effect either unconditionally or in the event of failure to comply, within such reasonable period as may be specified in the order, with such conditions as may be imposed by the order with a view to achieving the purposes aforesaid; and the comptroller may, on reasonable cause shown in any case, by subsequent order extend any period so specified.

43. —(1) Every application under sections thirty-seven to forty-two of this Act shall specify the nature of the order sought by the applicant and shall contain a statement (to be verified in such manner as may be prescribed) setting out the nature of the applicant's interest (if any) and the facts upon which the application is based.

(2) Where the comptroller is satisfied, upon consideration of any such application, that a prima facie case has been made out for the making of an order, he shall direct the applicant to serve copies of the application upon the patentee and any other persons appearing from the register of patents to be interested in the patent in respect of which the application is made, and shall advertise the application in the Journal.

(3) The patentee or any other person desiring to oppose the application may, within such time as may be prescribed or within such further time as the comptroller may on application (made either before or after the expiration of the prescribed time) allow, give to the comptroller notice of opposition.

(4) Any such notice of opposition shall contain a statement (to be verified in such manner as may be prescribed) setting out the grounds on which the application is opposed.

(5) Where any such notice of opposition is duly given, the comptroller shall notify the applicant, and shall, subject to the provisions of the next following section with respect to arbitration, give to the applicant and the opponent an opportunity to be heard before deciding the case.

(6) In any proceedings on an application made in relation to a patent under sections thirty-seven to forty-two of this Act, any statement with respect to the making, using, exercising or vending of the patented invention, or with respect to the grant or refusal of licences under the patent, contained in a report of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Commission as laid before Parliament under section nine of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (Inquiry and Control) Act, 1948, shall be prima fade evidence of the matters stated.

44. —(1) An appeal shall lie from any order made by the comptroller in pursuance of an application under sections thirty-seven to forty-two of this Act.

1949

Patents A, 1\949

Ch. 87

1765

(2) On any appeal under this section the Attorney General or such other counsel as he may appoint shall be entitled to appear and be heard.

(3) Where any such application is opposed in accordance with the last foregoing section, and either—

(a) the parties consent; or

(b) the proceedings require a prolonged examination of

documents or any scientific or local investigation which cannot in the opinion of the comptroller conveniently be made before him, the comptroller may at any time order the whole proceedings, or any question or issue of fact arising therein, to be referred to an arbitrator agreed on by the parties, or, in default of agreement, appointed by the comptroller.

(4) Where the whole proceedings are referred as aforesaid, section nine of the Arbitration Act, 1934 (which relates to the statement of cases by arbitrators) shall not apply to the arbitration; but unless the parties otherwise agree before the award of the arbitrator is made, an appeal shall lie from the award to the Appeal Tribunal.

(5) Where a question or issue of fact is referred as aforesaid, the arbitrator shall report his findings to the comptroller.

45. —(1) Any order under this Act for the grant of a licence Supplementary shall, without prejudice to any other method of enforcement, provisions, have effect as if it were a deed, executed by the patentee and all

other necessary parties, granting a licence in accordance with the order.

(2) An order may be made on an application under sections thirty-seven to forty of this Act for the endorsement of a patent with the words "licences of right " notwithstanding any contract which would have precluded the endorsement of the patent on the application of the patentee under section thirty-five of this Act; and any such order shall for all purposes have the same effect as an endorsement made in pursuance of an application under the said section thirty-five.

(3) No order shall be made in pursuance of any application under sections thirty-seven to forty-two of this Act which would be at variance with any treaty, convention, arrangement or engagement applying to the United Kingdom and any convention country.

Use of patented inventions for services of the Crown

46. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, any Govern- Use of ment department, and any person authorised in writing by ato^tioMfor Government department, may make, use and exercise any services of patented invention for the services of the Crown in accordance the Crown, with the following provisions of this section.

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(2) If and so far as the invention has before the priority date of the relevant claim of the complete specification been duly recorded by or tried by or on behalf of a Government department otherwise than in consequence of the communication thereof directly or indirectly by the patentee or any person from whom he derives title, any use of the invention by virtue of this section may be made free of any royalty or other payment to the patentee.

(3) If and so far as the invention has not been so recorded or tried as aforesaid, any use of the invention made by virtue of this section at any time after the acceptance of the complete specification in respect of the patent, or in consequence of any such communication as aforesaid, shall be made upon such terms as may be agreed upon, either before or after the use, between the Government department and the patentee with the approval of the Treasury, or as may in default of agreement be determined by the court on a reference under section forty-eight of this Act.

(4) The authority of a Government department in respect of an invention may be given under this section either before or after the patent is granted and either before or after the acts in respect of which the authority is given are done, and may be given to any person whether or not he is authorised directly or indirectly by the patentee to make, use, exercise or vend the invention.

(5) Where any use of an invention is made by or with the authority of a Government department under this section, then, unless it appears to the department that it would be contrary to the public interest so to do, the department shall notify the patentee as soon as practicable after the use is begun, and furnish him with such information as to the extent of the use as he may from time to time require. 6

(6) For the purposes of this and the next following section, any use of an invention for the supply to the government of any country outside the United Kingdom, in pursuance of any agreement or arrangement between His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the government of that country, of articles required for the defence of that country shall be deemed to be a use of the invention for the services of the Crown; and the power of a Government department or a person authorised by a Government department under this section to make, use and exercise an invention shall include power—

(a) to sell such articles to the government of any country in pursuance of any such agreement or arrangement as aforesaid; and \b) to sell to any person any articles made in the exercise of the powers conferred by this section which are no longer required for the purpose for which they were made.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1767

(7) The purchaser of any articles sold in the exercise of powers conferred by this section, and any person claiming through him, shall have power to deal with them in the same manner as if the patent were held on behalf of His Majesty.

• 47.—(1) In relation to any use of a patented invention, or an Rights of invention in respect of which an application for a patent is j** pending, made for the services of the Crown—

(a) by a Government department or a person authorised

by a Government department under the last foregoing section; or

(b) by the patentee or applicant for the patent to the order

of a Government department,

the provisions of any licence, assignment or agreement made, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, between the patentee or applicant for the patent, or any person who derives title from him or from whom he derives title, and any person other than a Government department shall be of no effect so far as those provisions restrict or regulate the use of the invention, or any model, document or information relating thereto, or provide for the making of payments in respect of any such use, or calculated by reference thereto; and the reproduction or publication of any model or document in connection with the said use shall not be deemed to be an infringement of any copyright subsisting in the model or document. 2 3

(2) Where an exclusive licence granted otherwise than for royalties or other benefits determined by reference to the use of the invention is in force under the patent, then—

(a) in relation to any use of the invention which, but for the provisions of this and the last foregoing section, would constitute an infringement of the rights of the licensee, subsection (3) of the last foregoing section shall have effect as if for the reference to the patentee there were substituted a reference to the licensee; and

(b) in relation to any use of the invention by the licensee by virtue of an authority given under the last foregoing section, that section shall have effect as if the said subsection (3) were omitted.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, where the patent, or the right to apply for or obtain the patent, has been assigned to the patentee in consideration of royalties or other benefits determined by reference to the use of the invention, then—

(a) in relation to any use of the invention by virtue of section forty-six of this Act, subsection (3) of that section shall have effect as if the reference to the patentee included a reference to the assignor, and any sum payable by virtue of that subsection shall be divided

1768

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Reference of disputes as to Crown use.

between the patentee and the assignor in such proportion as may be agreed upon between them or as may in default of agreement be determined by the court on a reference under the next following section; and

(b) in relation to any use of the invention made for the services of the Crown by the patentee to the order of a Government department, subsection (3) of section forty-six of this Act shall have effect as if that use were made by virtue of an authority given under that section.

(4) Where, under subsection (3) of section forty-six of this Act, payments are required to be made by a Government department to a patentee in respect of any use of an invention, any person, being the holder of an exclusive licence under the patent (not being such a licence as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section) authorising him to make that use of the invention, shall be entitled to recover from the patentee such part (if any) of those payments as may be agreed upon between that person and the patentee, or as may in default of agreement be determined by the court under the next following section to be just having regard to any expenditure incurred by that person—

(a) in developing the said invention; or

(b) in making payments to the patentee, other than royalties

or other payments determined by reference to the use of the invention, in consideration of the licence;

and if, at any time before the amount of any such payment has been agreed upon between the Government department and the patentee, that person gives notice in writing of his interest to the department, any agreement as to the amount of that payment shall be of no effect unless it is made with his consent.

48.—(1) Any dispute as to the exercise by a Government department or a person authorised by a Government department of the powers conferred by section forty-six of this Act, or as to terms for the use of an invention for the services of the Crown thereunder, or as to the right of any person to receive any part of a payment made in pursuance of subsection (3) of that section, may be referred to the court by either party to the dispute in such manner as may be prescribed by rules of court. 2

(2) In any proceedings under this section to which a Government department are a party, the department may—

(a) if the patentee is a party to the proceedings, apply for

revocation of the patent upon any ground upon which a patent may be revoked under section thuty-two of this Act;

(b) in any case, put in issue the validity of the patent with-

out applying for its revocation.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1769

(3) If in such proceedings as aforesaid any question arises whether an invention has been recorded or tried as mentioned in section forty-six of this Act, and the disclosure of any document recording the invention, or of any evidence of the trial thereof, would in the opinion of the department be prejudicial to the public interest, the disclosure may be made confidentially to counsel for the other party of to an independent expert mutually agreed upon.

(4) In determining under this section any dispute between a Government department and any person as to terms for the use of an invention for the services of the Crown, the court shall have regard to any benefit or compensation which that person or any person from whom he derives title may have received, or may be entitled to receive, directly or indirectly from any Government department in respect of the invention in question.

(5) In any proceedings under this section the court may at any time order the whole proceedings or any question or issue of fact arising therein to be referred to a special or official referee or an arbitrator on such terms as the court may direct; and references to the court in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be construed accordingly.

49.—(1) During any period of emergency within the meaning of this section, the powers exercisable in relation to an invention by a Government department, or a person authorised by a Government department under section forty-six of this Act, shall include power to make, use, exercise and vend the invention for any purpose which appears to the department necessary or expedient—

(a) for the efficient prosecution of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged;

(b) for the maintenance of supplies and services essential to the life of the community;

(c) for securing a sufficiency of supplies and services

essential to the well-being of the community;

(d) for promoting the productivity of industry, commerce

and agriculture;

(e) for fostering and directing exports and reducing imports.

or imports of any classes, from all or any. countries and for redressing the balance of trade;

(/) generally for ensuring that the whole resources of the community are available for use, and are used, in a manner best calculated to serve the interests of the community; or

(g) for assisting the relief of suffering and the restoration and distribution of essential supplies and services in

3 M

Special provisions as to Crown use during emergency.

1770

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Previous

publication.

any part of His Majesty’s dominions or any foreign countries that are in grave distress as the result of war;

and any reference in that section or in section forty-seven or section forty-eight of this Act to the services of the Crown shall be construed as including a reference to the purposes aforesaid.

(2) In this section the expression " period of emergency" means the period ending with the tenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty, or such later date as may be prescribed by Order in Council, and any other period beginning on such date as may be declared by Order in Council to be the commencement, and ending on such date as may be so declared to be the termination, of a period of emergency for the purposes of this section.

(3) A draft of any Order in Council under this section shall be laid before Parliament; and the draft shall not be submitted to His Majesty except in pursuance of an Address presented by each House of Parliament praying that the Order be made.

Anticipation, etc.

50.—(1) An invention claimed in a complete specification shall not be deemed to have been anticipated by reason only that the invention was published in the United Kingdom—

(a) in a specification filed in pursuance of an application for a patent made in the United Kingdom and dated more than fifty years before the date of filing of the first-mentioned specification;

[b)in a specification describing the invention for the purposes of an application for protection in any country outside the United Kingdom made more than fifty years before that date; or

(c) in any abridgement of or extract from any such specification published under the authority of the comptroller or of the government of any country outside the United Kingdom.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, an invention claimed in a complete specification shall not be deemed to have been anticipated by reason only that the invention was published before the priority date of the relevant claim of the specification, if the patentee or applicant for the patent proves—

(a) that the matter published was obtained from him or

(where he is not himself the true and first inventor) from any person from whom he derives title, and was published without his consent or the consent of any such person; and

(b) where the patentee or applicant for the patent or any

person from whom he derives title learned of the publication before the date of the application for the

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1771

patent or (in the case of a convention application) before the date of the application for protection in a convention country, that the application or the application in a convention country, as the case may be, was made as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply if the invention was before the priority date of the claim commercially worked in the United Kingdom, otherwise than for the purpose of reasonable trial, either by the patentee or applicant for the patent or any person from whom he derives title or by any other person with the consent of the patentee or applicant for the patent or any person from whom he derives title.

(3) Where a complete specification is filed in pursuance of an application for a patent made by a person being the true and first inventor or deriving title from him, an invention claimed in that specification shall not be deemed to have been anticipated by reason only of any other application for a patent m respect of the same invention, made in contravention of the rights of that person, or by reason only that after the date of filing of that other application the invention was used or published, without the consent of that person, by the applicant in respeqt of that other application, or by any other person in consequence of any disclosure of the invention by that applicant.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the comptroller shall not refuse to accept a complete specification or to grant a patent, and a patent shall not be revoked or invalidated, by reason only of any circumstances which, by virtue of this section, do not constitute an anticipation of the invention claimed in the specification.

51.—(1) An invention claimed in a complete specification shall not be deemed to have been anticipated by reason only of the communication of the invention to a Government department or to any person authorised by a Government department to investigate the invention or its merits, or of anything done, in consequence of such a communication, for the purpose of the investigation. 2

(2) An invention claimed in a complete specification shall not be deemed to have been anticipated by reason only of—

(a) the display of the invention with the consent of the

true and first inventor at an exhibition certified by the Board of Trade for the purposes of this section, or the use thereof with his consent for the purposes of such an exhibition in the place where it is held .

(b) the publication of any description of the invention in consequence of the display or use of the invention at any such exhibition as aforesaid;

3 M 2

Previous communication, display or working,.

1772

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(c) the use of the invention, after it has been displayed or

used at any such exhibition as aforesaid and during the period of the exhibition, by any person without the consent of the true and first inventor; or

(d) the description of the invention in a paper read by the

true and first inventor before a learned society or published with his consent in the transactions of such a society,

if the application for the patent is made by the true and first inventor or a person deriving title from him not later than six months after the opening of the exhibition or the reading or publication of the paper as the case may be.

(3) An invention claimed in a complete specification shall not be deemed to have been anticipated by reason only that, at any time within one year before die priority date of the relevant claim of the specification, the invention was publicly worked in the United Kingdom—

(a) by the patentee or applicant for the patent or any person from whom he derives title; or

(b) by any other person with the consent of the* patentee or applicant for the patent or any person from whom he derives tide,

if the working was effected for the purpose of reasonable trial only and if it was reasonably necessary, having regard to the nature of the invention, 'that the working for that purpose should be effected in public.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the comptroller shall not refuse to accept a complete specification or to grant a patent, and a patent shall not be revoked or invalidated, by reason only of any circumstances which, by virtue of this section, do not constitute an anticipation of the invention claimed in the specification.

Use and

publication

after

provisional specification or foreign application.

52.—(1) Where a complete specification is filed or proceeded with in pursuance of an application which was accompanied by a provisional specification or by a specification treated by virtue of a direction under subsection (4) of section three of this Act as a provisional specification, then, notwithstanding anything in this Act, the comptroller shall not refuse to grant the patent, and the patent shall not be revoked or invalidated by reason only that any matter described in the provisional specification or in the specification treated as aforesaid as a provisional specification was used or published at any time after the date of filing of that specification.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1773

(2) Where a complete specification is filed in pursuance of a convention application, then, notwithstanding anything in this Act, the comptroller shall not refuse to grant die patent, and the patent shall not be evoked or invalidated by reason only that any matter disclosed in any application for protection in a convention country upon which the convention application is founded was used or published at any time after the date 6i that application for protection.

53. Where an application is made for a patent for an invention which has been claimed in a complete specification filed in pursuance of any other such application, then if—

(a) the comptroller has refused to grant a patent in pur-

suance of that other application on the ground specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fourteen of this Act;

(b) a patent granted in pursuance of that other application

has been revoked by the court or the comptroller on the ground specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fourteen or paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section thirty-two of this Act; or

(c) the complete specification filed in pursuance of the

said other application has, in proceedings under section fourteen or section thirty-three of this Act, been amended by the exclusion of the claim relating to the said invention in consequence of a finding by the comptroller that the invention was obtained by the applicant or patentee from any other person,

the comptroller may direct that the first-mentioned application and any specification filed in pursuance thereof shall be deemed, for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to the priority date of claims of complete specifications, to have been filed on the date on which the corresponding document was or was deemed to have been filed in the proceedings upon the said other application.

Miscellaneous provisions as to rights in inventions

54. —(1) Where after the commencement of this Act a patent is granted to two or more persons, each of those persons shall, unless an agreement to the contrary is in force, be entitled to an equal undivided share in the patent

(2) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, where two or more persons are registered as grantee or proprietor of a patent, then, unless an agreement to the contrary is in force, each of those persons shall be entitled, by himself or his agents, to make, use, exercise and vend the patented invention for his own benefit without accounting to the other or others.

Priority date in case of obtaining.

Co-ownership of patents.

1774

Ch. 87

Patents Act. 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Power of comptroller to give directions to co-owners.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, and to any agreement for the time being in force, a licence under a patent shall not be granted, and a share in a patent shall not be assigned, except with the consent of all p^sons, other than the licensor or assignor, who are registered as grantee or proprietor of the patent.

(4) Where an article is sold by one of two or more persons registered as grantee or proprietor of a patent, the purchaser and any person claiming through him shall be entitled to deal with it in the same manner as if the article had been sold by a sole patentee.

(5) Subject to the provisions of this section, the rules of law applicable to the ownership and devolution of personal property generally shall apply in relation to patents as they apply in relation to other choses in action; and nothing in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shall affect the mutual rights or obligations of trustees or of the personal representatives of a deceased person, or their rights or obligations as such.

55.—(1) Where two or more persons are registered as grantee or proprietor of a patent, the comptroller may, upon application made to him in the prescribed manner by any of those persons, give such directions in accordance with the application as to the sale or lease of the patent or any interest therein, the grant of licences under the patent, or the exercise of any right under the last foregoing section in relation thereto, as he thinks fit.

(2) If any person registered as grantee or proprietor of the patent fails to execute any instrument or to do any other thing required for the carrying out of any direction given under this section within fourteen days after being requested in writing so to do by any of the other persons so registered, the comptroller may, upon application made to him in the prescribed manner by any such other person, give directions empowering any person to execute that instrument or to do that thing in the name and on behalf of the person in default.

(3) Before giving directions in pursuance of an application under this section, the comptroller shall give an opportunity to be heard—

(a) in the case of an application under subsection (1)

of this section, to the other person or persons registered as grantee or proprietor of the patent;

(b) in the case of an application under subsection (2) of

this section, to the person in default. 4

(4) An appeal shall lie from any decision or direction of the comptroller under this section.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1775

(5) No directions shall be given under this section so as to affect the mutual rights or obligations of trustees or of the personal representatives of a deceased person, or their rights or obligations as such.

56.—(1) Where a dispute arises between an employer and a Disputes as person who is or was at the material time his employee as to to inventions the rights of the parties in respect of an invention made by the employee either alone or jointly with other employees or in p y respect of any patent granted or to be granted in respect thereof, the comptroller may, upon application made to him in the prescribed manner by either of the parties, and after giving to each of them an opportunity to be heard, determine the matter in dispute, and may make such orders for giving effect to his decision as he considers expedient:

Provided that if it appears to the comptroller upon any application under this section that the matter in dispute involves questions which would more properly be determined by the court, he may decline to deal therewith.

(2) In proceedings before the court between an employer and a person who is or was at the material time his employee, or upon an application made to the comptroller under subsection

(1) of this section, the court or comptroller may, unless satisfied that one or other of the parties is entitled, to the exclusion of

ftle other, to the benefit of an invention made by the employee, by order provide for the apportionment between them of the benefit of the invention, and of any patent granted or to be granted in respect thereof, in such manner as the court or comptroller considers just.

(3) A decision of the comptroller under this section shall have , the same effect as between the parties and persons claiming under them as a decision of the court.

(4) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the comptroller under this section.

.57.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any condition Avoidance of of a contract for the sale or lease of a patented article or of an certain article made by a patented process or for licence to use or work ratdtfive a patented article or process, or relating to any such sale, lease 000 1 lons' or licence, shall be void in so far as it purports—

(a) to require the purchaser, lessee or licensee to acquire

from the vendor, lessor or licensor, or his nominees, or prohibit him from acquiring from any specified person, or from acquiring except from the vendor, lessor or licensor, or his nominees, any articles other than the patented article or an article made by the patented process;

(b) to prohibit the purchaser, lessee or licensee from using articles (whether patented or not) which are not supplied by, or any patented process which does not belong

1776

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Determination of certain contracts.

to, the vendor, lessor or licensor, or his nominees, or to restrict the right of the purchaser, lessee or licensee to use any such articles or process.

(2) In proceedings against any person for infringement of a patent, it shall be a defence to prove that at the time of the infringement there was in force a contract relating to the patent made by or with the consent of the plaintiff and containing a condition void by virtue of this section.

(3) A condition of a contract shall not be void by virtue of this section if—

(a) at the time of the making of the contract the vendor, lessor or licensor was willing to sdll or lease the article, or grant a licence to use or work the article or process, as the case may be, to the purchaser, lessee or licensee, on reasonable terms specified in file contract and without any such condition as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) the purchaser, lessee or licensee is entitled under the contract to relieve himself of his liability to observe the condition upon giving to the other party three months’ notice in writing and subject to payment to him of such compensation (being, in the case of a purchase a lump sum, and in the case of a lease or licence a rent or royalty for the residue of the term of the contract) as may be determined by an arbitrator appointed by the Board of Trade.

(4) If in any proceeding it is alleged that any condition of a contract is void by virtue of this section, it shall lie on the vendor, lessor or licensor to prove the matters set out in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection.

(5) A condition of a contract shall not be void by virtue of this section by reason only that it prohibits any person from selling goods other than those supplied by a specified person, or, in the case of a contract for the lease of or licence to use a patented article, that it reserves to the lessor or licensor or his nominees the right to supply such new parts of the patented article as may be required to put or keep it in repair.

58,—(1) Any contract for the sale or lease of a patented article or for licence to manufacture, use or work a patented article or process, or relating to any such sale, lease or licence, whether made before or after the commencement of this Act, may at any time after the patent or all the patents by which the article or process was protected at the time of the making of the contract has or have ceased to be in force, and notwithstanding

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1777

anything to the contrary in the contract or in any other contract, be determined by either party on giving three months notice in writing to the other party.

(2) Where notice is given under this section to determine a contract made before the twenty-eighth day of August, nineteen hundred and seven, the party by whom the notice is given shall be liable to pay to the other party such compensation as may, in default of agreement, be determined by an arbitrator appointed by the Board of Trade.

(3) The provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to any right of determining a contract exercisable apart from this section.

Proceedings for infringement, etc.

59.—(1) In proceedings for the infringement of a patent Restrictions on damages shall not be awarded against a defendant who proves recovery of that at the date of the infringement he was not aware, and had no fort

reasonable ground for supposing, that the patent existed; and a m nngemen • person shall not be deemed to have been aware or to have had reasonable grounds for supposing as aforesaid by reason only of the application to an article of the word "patent*,

" patented *, or any word or words expressing or implying that a patent has been obtained for the article, unless the number of the patent accompanied the word or words in question.

(2) In any proceeding for infringement of a patent the court may, if it thinks fit, refuse to award any damages in respect of any infringement committed after a failure to pay any renewal fee within the prescribed period and before any extension of that period.

(3) Where an amendment of a specification by way of disclaimer, correction or explanation has been allowed under this Act after the publication of the specification, no damages shall be awarded in any proceeding in respect of the use of the invention before the date of the decision allowing the amendment, unless the court is satisfied that the specification as originally published was framed in good faith and with reasonable skill and knowledge.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the power of the court to grant an injunction in any proceedings for infringement of a patent.

60. In an action for infringement of a patent the plaintiff Order for shall be entitled, at his option, to an account of profits in lieu of account in

damages. SSSjSiot

61. A defendant in an action for infringement of a patent Counterclaim

may, without presenting a petition, apply in accordance with for revocation rules of court by way of counterclaim in the action for revoca- "action for tion of the patent. mfnngemen..

3 M*

1778

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Relief for infringement of partially valid

specification.

Proceedings

for

infringement by exclusive licensee.

Certificate of contested validity of specification.

62. —(1) If in proceedings for infringement of a patent it is found that any claim of the specification, being a claim in respect of which infringement is alleged, is valid, but that any other claim is invalid, the court may grant relief in respect of any valid claim which is infringed:

Provided that the court shall not grant relief by way of damages or costs except in the circumstances mentioned in the next following subsection.

(2) Where the patent is dated before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and thirty-two, or the plaintiff proves that the invalid claim was framed in good faith and with reasonable skill and knowledge, the court shall grant relief in respect of any valid claim which is infringed subject to the discretion of the court as to costs and as to the date from which damages should be reckoned.

(3) As a condition of relief under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section the court may direct that the specification shall be amended to its satisfaction upon an application made for that purpose under section thirty of this Act, and such an application may be made accordingly whether or not all other issues in the proceedings have been determined.

(4) In relation to a patent which is dated before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and thirty-two, the provisions of this section shall have effect notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of section fifty-nine of this Act.

63. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the holder of an exclusive licence under a patent shall have the like right as the patentee to take proceedings in respect of any infringement of the patent committed after the date of the licence, and in awarding damages or granting any other relief in any such proceedings, the court shall take into consideration any loss suffered or likely to be suffered by the exclusive licensee as such or, as the case may be, the profits earned by means of the infringement so far as it constitutes an infringement of the rights of the exclusive licensee as such.

(2) In any proceedings taken by the holder of an exclusive licence by virtue of this section, the patentee shall, unless he is joined as plaintiff in the proceedings, be added as defendant:

Provided that a patentee, so added as defendant shall not be liable for any costs unless he enters an appearance and takes part in the proceedings.

64. —(1) If in any proceedings before the court the validity of any claim of a specification is contested, and that claim is found by the court to be valid, the court may certify that the validity of that claim was contested in those proceedings.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1779

(2) Where any such certificate has been granted, then if in any subsequent proceedings before the court for infringement of the patent or for revocation of the patent, a final order or judgment is made or given in favour of the party relying on the validity of the patent, that party shall, unless the court otherwise directs, be entitled to his costs as between solicitor and client so far as concerns the claim in respect of which the certificate was granted:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to the costs of any appeal in any such proceedings as aforesaid.

65. —(1) Where any person (whether entitled to or interested Remedy for in a patent or an application for a patent or not) by circulars, groundless advertisements or otherwise threatens any other person with proceedings for infringement of a patent, any person aggrieved proceedings, thereby may bring an f action against him for any such relief as is mentioned in the next following subsection.

(2) Unless in any action brought by virtue of this section the defendant proves that the acts in respect of which proceedings were threatened constitute or, if done, would constitute, an infringement of a patent or of rights arising from the publication of a complete specification in respect of a claim of the specification not shown by the plaintiff to be invalid, the plaintiff shall be entitled to the following relief, that is to say: —

(a) a declaration to the effect that the threats are

unjustifiable;

(b) an injunction against the continuance of the threats;

and

(c) such damages, if any, as he has sustained thereby.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that a mere notification of the existence of a patent does not constitute a threat of proceedings within the meaning of this section.

66. —(1) A declaration that the use by any person of any pro- Power of cess, or the making or use or sale by any person of any article, court to make does not or would not constitute an infringement of a claim of

a patent may be made by the court in proceedings between that infringement, person and the patentee or the holder of an exclusive licence under the patent, notwithstanding that no assertion to the contrary has been made by the patentee or licensee, if it is shown—

(a) that the plaintiff has applied in writing to the patentee

or licensee for a written acknowledgment to the effect of the declaration claimed, and has furnished him with full particulars in writing of the process or article in question; and

(b) that the patentee or licensee has refused or neglected

to give such an acknowledgment.

3 M* 2

1780

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Reference to comptroller of disputes as to

infringement.

(2) The costs of all parties in proceedings for a declaration brought by virtue of this section shall, unless for special reasons the court thinks fit to order otherwise, be paid by die plaintiff.

(3) The validity of a claim of the specification of a patent shall not be called in question in proceedings for a declaration brought by virtue of this section, and accordingly the making or refusal of such a declaration in the case of a patent shall not be deemed to imply that the patent is valid.

(4) Proceedings for a declaration may be brought by virtue of this section at any time after the date of the publication of the complete specification in pursuance of an application for a patent, and references in this section to the patentee shall be construed accordingly.

67.—(1) Any dispute between a patentee or an exclusive licensee and any other person—

(a) whether any claim of the specification of a patent is

infringed by anything done by that other person; or

(b) whether any such claim which is alleged to be so infringed is valid,

may, by agreement between the parties, be referred to the comptroller for determination in accordance with such procedure as may be prescribed by rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act:

Provided that if it appears to the comptroller that any dispute referred to him under this section involves questions which would more properly be determined by the court, he may decline to deal therewith.

(2) If on a reference under this section the comptroller finds that any claim of the specification of the patent is valid and is infringed, he may, subject to the provisions of this section and of section fifty-nine of this Act, grant relief by way of damages; but the damages awarded in the proceedings shall not (unless otherwise agreed between the parties) exceed one thousand pounds.

(3) Subsection (1) of section thirty and section sixty-two of this Act shall apply to proceedings before the comptroller on a reference under this section as they apply to proceedings for infringement of a patent before the court.

(4) The Arbitration Acts, 1*889 and 1934, shall not apply to proceedings before the comptroller on a reference under this section.

(5) The decision of the comptroller on a reference under this section shall not be binding upon any party thereto in any subsequent proceedings before the court for infringement of the patent or for revocation of the patent; but a patentee or licensee shall not be entitled, in any such subsequent proceedings for infringement, to any relief in respect of an alleged infringement which was in issue in proceedings under this section.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1781

International Agreements, etc.

68.—(1) His Majesty may, with a view to the fulfilment of a Orders in treaty, convention, arrangement or engagement, by Order in Council as to Council declare that any country specified in the Order is a ^untrief" convention country for the purposes of this Act:

Provided that a declaration may be made as aforesaid for the purposes either of all or of some only of the provisions of this Act, and a country in the case of which a declaration made for the purposes of some only of the provisions of this Act is in force shall be deemed to be a convention country for the purposes of those provisions only.

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any of the Channel Islands, any colony, any British protectorate or protected state, or any territory administered by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom under the trusteeship system of the United Nations, shall be deemed to be a convention country for the purposes of aH or any of the provisions of this Act; and an Order made under this subsection may direct that any such provisions shall have effect, in relation to the territory in question, subject to such conditions or limitations, if any, as may be specified in the Order.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, every colony, protectorate, territory subject to the authority or under the suzerainty of another country, and territory administered by another country in accordance with a mandate from the League of Nations or under the trusteeship system of the United Nations, shall be deemed to be a country in the case of which a declaration may be made under that subsection.

69.—(1) Where a person has applied for protection for an Supplementary invention by an application which— provisions as

... , . , , ... to convention

(a) in accordance with the terms of a treaty subsisting applications.

between any two or more convention countries, is equivalent to an application duly made in any one of those convention countries, or

(b) in accordance with the law of any convention country, is equivalent to an application duly made in that convention country,

he shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have applied in that convention country. 2

(2) For the purpose of this Act, matter shall be deemed to have been disclosed in an application for protection in a convention country if it was claimed or disclosed (otherwise than by way of disclaimer or acknowledgment of prior art) in that application or in documents submitted by the applicant for

1782

I

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Special provisions as to vessels, aircraft and land vehicles.

Extension of time for certain convention applications.

Ch..87

protection in support of and at the same time as that application; but no account shall be taken of any disclosure effected by any such document unless a copy of the document is filed at the Patent Office with the convention application or within such period as may be prescribed after the filing of that application.

70. —(1) Where a vessel or aircraft registered in a convention country, or a land vehicle owned by a person ordinarily resident in such a country, comes into the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man (including the territorial waters thereof) temporarily or accidentally only, the rights conferred by a patent for an invention shall not be deemed to be infringed by the use of the invention—

(a) in the body of the vessel or in the machinery, tackle, apparatus or other accessories thereof, so far as the invention is used on board the vessel and for its actual needs only; or

(b) in the construction or working of the aircraft or land vehicle or of the accessories thereof,

as the case may be.

(2) This section shall not affect the provisions of section fifty-three of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949 (which exempts certain aircraft from seizure on patent claims).

71. —(1) If the Board of Trade are satisfied that provision substantially equivalent to the provision to be made by or under this section has been or will be made under the law of any convention country, they may make rules empowering the comptroller to extend the time for making application under subsection (2) of section one of this Act for a patent for an invention in respect of which protection has been applied for in that country in any case where the period specified in the proviso to that subsection expires during a period prescribed by the rules.

(2) Rules made under this section—

(a) may, where any agreement or arrangement has been made between His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the government of the convention country for the supply or mutual exchange of information or articles, provide, either generally or in any class of case specified in the rules, that an extension of time shall not be granted under this section unless the invention has been communicated in accordance with the agreement or arrangement;

(b) may, either generally or in any class of case specified in the rules, fix the maximum extension which may be granted under this section and provide for reducing

1949 Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

the term of any patent granted on an application made by virtue of this section, and (notwithstanding anything in section ninety-nine of, or the First Schedule to, this Act) vary, with the approval of the Treasury, the time for the payment of renewal fees in respect of such a patent and the amount of such fees;

(c) may prescribe or allow any special procedure in

connection with applications made by virtue of this section;

(d) may empower the comptroller to extend, in relation to an application made by virtue of this section, the time limited by or under the foregoing provisions of this Act for doing any act, subject to such conditions, if any, as may be imposed by or under the rules;

(e) may provide for securing that the rights conferred by

a patent granted on an application made by virtue of this section shall be subject to such restrictions or conditions as may be specified by or under the rules and in particular to restrictions and conditions for the protection of persons (including persons acting on behalf of His Majesty) who, otherwise than as the result of a communication made in accordance with such an agreement or arrangement as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, and before the date of the application in question or such later date as may be allowed by the rules, may have made, used, exercised or vended the invention or may have applied for a patent in respect thereof.

72.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Board of Trade may make rules for securing that, where an invention has been communicated in accordance with an agreement or arrangement made between His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the government of any other country for the supply or mutual exchange of information or articles,—

(a) an application for a patent made by the person from whom the invention was communicated or his personal representative or assignee shall not be prejudiced, and a patent granted on such an application shall not be invalidated, by reason only that the invention has been communicated as aforesaid or that in consequence thereof—

(i) the invention has been published, made, used, exercised or vended, or

(ii) an application for a patent has been made by any other person, or a patent has been granted on such an application;

1783

Protection of inventions communicated under

international

agreements.

1784

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(b) any application for a patent made in consequence of such a communication as aforesaid may be refused and any patent granted on such an application may be revoked.

(2) Rules made under subsection (1) of this section may provide that the publication, making, use, exercise or vending of an invention, or the making of any application for a patent in respect thereof shall, in such circumstances and subject to such conditions or exceptions as may be prescribed by the rules, be presumed to have been in consequence of such a communication as is mentioned in that subsection.

(3) The powers of the Board of Trade under this section, so far as they are exercisable for the benefit of persons from whom inventions have been communicated to His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom by the government of any other country, shall only be exercised if and to the extent that the Board are satisfied that substantially equivalent provision has been or will be made under the law of that country for the benefit of persons from whom inventions have been communicated by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom to the government of that country.

(4) References in the last foregoing subsection to the communication of an invention to or by His Majesty’s Government or the government of any other country shall be construed as including references to the communication of the invention by or to any person authorised in that behalf by the government in question.

Register of patents, etc.

Register 73.—(1) There shall be kept at the Patent Office a register

of patents. of patents, in which there shall be entered particulars of patents

iii force, of assignments and transmissions of patents and of licences under patents, and notice of all matters which are required by or under this Act to be entered in the register and of such other matters affecting the validity or proprietorship of patents as the comptroller thinks fit.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act and to rules made by the Board of Trade thereunder, the register of patents shall, at all convenient times, be open to inspection by the public; and certified copies, sealed with the seal of the Patent Office, of any entry in the register shall be given to any person requiring them on payment of a prescribed fee.

(3) The register of patents shall be prima facie evidence of any matters required or authorised by or under this Act to be entered therein.

(4) No notice of any trust, whether expressed, implied or constructive, shall be entered in the register of patents, and the comptroller shall not be affected by any such notice.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1785

74.—(1) Where any person becomes entitled by assignment, transmission or operation of law to a patent or to a share in a patent, or becomes entitled as mortgagee, licensee or otherwise to any other interest in a patent, he shall apply to the comptroller in the prescribed manner for the registration of his title as proprietor or co-proprietor, or, as the case may be, of notice of his interest, in the register of patents.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the foregoing subsection, an application for the registration of the title of any person becoming entitled by assignment to a patent or a share in a patent, or becoming entitled by virtue of a mortgage, licence or other instrument to any other interest in a patent, may be made in the prescribed manner by the assignor, mortgagor, licensor or other party to that instrument, as the case may be.

(3) Where application is made under this section for the registration of the title of any person, the comptroller shall, upon proof of title to his satisfaction—

(a) where that person is entitled to a patent or a share in a patent, register him in the register of patents as proprietor or co-proprietor of the patent, and enter in that register particulars of the instrument or event by which he derives title; or

(ft) where that person is entitled to any other interest in the patent, enter in that register notice of his interest, with particulars of the instrument (if any) creating it.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this Act relating to co-ownership of patents, and subject also to any rights vested in any other person of which notice is entered in the register of patents, the person or persons registered as grantee or proprietor of a patent shall have power to assign, grant licences under, or otherwise deal with the patent, and to give effectual receipts for any consideration for any such assignment, licence or dealing:

Provided that any equities in respect of the patent may be enforced in like manner as in respect of any other personal property.

(5) Rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act may require the supply to the comptroller for filing at the Patent Office of copies of such deeds, licences and other documents as may be prescribed by the rules. 6

(6) Except for the purposes of an application to rectify the register under the following provisions of this Act, a document in respect of which no entry has been made in the register of patents under subsection (3) of this section shall not be admitted in any court as evidence of the title of any person to a patent or share of or interest in a patent unless the court otherwise directs.

Registration of

assignments,

etc.

1786

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Rectification of register.

Power to correct clerical errors, etc.

75. —(1) The court may, on the application of any person aggrieved, order the register of patents to be rectified by the making of any entry therein or the variation or deletion of any entry therein.

(2) In proceedings under this section the court may determine any question which it may be necessary or expedient to decide in connection with the rectification of the register.

(3) Notice of any application to the court under this section shall be given in the prescribed manner to the comptroller, who shall be entitled to appear and be heard on the application, and shall appear if so directed by the court.

(4) Any order made by the court under this section shall direct that notice of the order shall be served on the comptroller in the prescribed manner; and the comptroller shall, on the receipt of the notice, rectify the register accordingly.

76. —(1) The comptroller may, in accordance with the provisions of this section, correct any clerical error in any patent, any application for a patent or any document filed in pursuance of such an application, or any error in the register of patents.

(2) A correction may be made in pursuance of this section either upon a request in writing made by any person interested and accompanied by the prescribed fee, or without such a request.

(3) Where the comptroller proposes to make any such correction as aforesaid otherwise than in pursuance of a request made under this section, he shall give notice of the proposal to the patentee or the applicant for the patent, as the case may be, and to any other person who appears to him to be concerned, and shall give them an opportunity to be heard before making the correction.

(4) Where a request is made under this section for the correction of any error in a patent or application for a patent or any document filed in pursuance of such an application, and it appears to the comptroller that the correction would materially alter the meaning or scope of the document to which the request relates, and ought not to be made without notice to persons affected thereby, he shall require notice of the nature of the proposed correction to be advertised in the prescribed manner. 5

(5) Within the prescribed time after any such advertisement as aforesaid any person interested may give notice to the comptroller of opposition to the request, and fthere such notice of opposition is given the comptroller shall give notice thereof to the person by whom the request was made, and shall give to him and to the opponent an opportunity to be heard before he decides the case.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1787

77. —(1) A certificate purporting to be signed by the Evidence of comptroller and certifying that any entry which he is authorised entries,

by or under this Act to make has or has not been made, or that documents any other thing which he is so authorised to do has or has not been done, shall be prima facie evidence of the matters so certified.

(2) A copy of any entry in any register or of any document kept in the Patent Office or of any patent, or an extract from any such register or document, purporting to be certified by the comptroller and to be sealed with the seal of the Patent Office, shall be admitted in evidence without further proof and without production of the original.

78. The comptroller shall, on request made to him in the pre- Requests for scribed manner by any person and on payment of the prescribed information fee, furnish the person making the request with such informa-

tion relating to any patent or application for a patent as may application, be specified in the request, being information in respect of any such matters as may be prescribed.

79. —(1) An application for a patent, and any specification Restriction filed in pursuance thereof, shall not, except with the consent of up?" . f the applicant, be published by the comptroller or be open to sp^ificadons public inspection at any time before the date advertised in the ct<T Journal in pursuance of subsection (2) of section thirteen of this

Act.

(2) The reports of examiners made under this Act shall not be open to public inspection or be published by the comptroller; and such reports shall not be liable to production or inspection in any legal proceeding unless the court or officer having power to order discovery in the proceeding certifies that the production or inspection is desirable in the interests of justice, and ought to be allowed:

Provided that the comptroller may, on application made in the prescribed manner by any person, disclose the result of any search made under section seven or section eight of this Act in respect of any application for a patent where the complete specification has been published.

80. Where the comptroller is satisfied that a patent has been Loss or lost or destroyed or cannot be produced, he may at any time destruction cause a duplicate thereof to be sealed.

Proceedings before Comptroller

81. Without prejudice to any provisions of this Act requiring Exercise of the comptroller to hear any party to proceedings thereunder, or discretionary to give to any such party an opportunity to be heard, the comptroller

1788

Costs and security for costs.

Evidence

before

comptroller.

The Court.

Ch. 87 Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

comptroller shall give to any applicant for a patent, or for amendment of a specification, an opportunity to be heard before exercising adversely to the applicant any discretion vested in the comptroller by or under this Act.

82. —(1) The comptroller may, in any proceedings before him under this Act, by order award to any party such costs as he may consider reasonable, and direct how and by what parties they are to be paid; and any such order may be made a rule of court.

(2) If any party by whom notice t)f any opposition is given under this Act or by whom application is made to the comptroller for the revocation of a patent or for the grant of a licence under a patent or for the determination of a dispute as to an invention under section fifty-six of this Act, or by whom notice of appeal is given from any decision of the comptroller under this Act, neither resides nor carries on business in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, the comptroller, or in the case of appeal, the Appeal Tribunal, may require him to give security for the costs of the proceedings or appeal, and in default of such security being given may treat the opposition, application or appeal as abandoned.

83. —(1) Subject to rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act the evidence to be given in any proceedings before the comptroller under this Act may be given by affidavit or statutory declaration; but the comptroller may if he thinks fit in any particular case take oral evidence in lieu of or in addition to such evidence as aforesaid, and may allow any witness to be cross-examined on his affidavit or declaration.

(2) Subject to any such rules as aforesaid, the comptroller shall, in respect of the examination of witnesses on oath and the discovery and production of documents, have all the powers of an official referee of the Supreme Court, and the rules applicable to the attendance of witnesses in proceedings before such a referee shall apply to the attendance of witnesses in proceedings before the comptroller.

The Court and the Appeal Tribunal

84.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act relating to Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man, any petition under section twenty-three or section twenty-four of this Act and any reference or application to the court under this Act shall, subject to rules of court, be dealt with by such judge of the High Court as the Lord Chancellor may select for the purpose.

(2) Rules of court shall make provision for the appointment of scientific advisers to assist the court in proceedings for infringement of patents and in proceedings under this Act, and for regulating the functions of such advisers.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1789

(3) The remuneration of any adviser appointed in pursuance of rules made in accordance with this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) Any action for infringement of a patent shall be tried without a jury unless the court otherwise directs.

85. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to Scottish appeals, any appeal, from the comptroller under this Act shall lie to the Appeal Tribunal.

(2) The Appeal Tribunal shall be a judge of the High Court nominated for the purpose by the Lord Chancellor.

(3) The expenses of the Appeal Tribunal shall be defrayed and the fees to be taken therein may be fixed as if the Tribunal were a court of the High Court

(4) The Appeal Tribunal may examine witnesses on oath and administer oaths for that purpose.

(5) Upon any appeal under this Act the Appeal Tribunal may by order award to any party such costs as the Tribunal may consider reasonable and direct how and by what parties the costs are to be paid; and any such order may be made a rule of court.

(6) The Appeal Tribunal shall, with regard to the right of audience, observe the same practice as before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and thirty-two, was observed in the hearing of appeals by the law officer.

(7) Upon any appeal under this Act the Appeal Tribunal may exercise any power which could have been exercised by the comptroller in the proceeding from which the appeal is brought.

(8) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the Appeal Tribunal may make rules for regulating all matters relating to proceedings before it under this Act.

(9) Rules made under this section shall provide for the appointment of scientific advisers to assist the Appeal Tribunal upon appeals under this Act and for regulating the functions of such advisers; and the remuneration of a scientific adviser appointed in accordance with such rules shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(10) An appeal to the Appeal Tribunal under this Act shall not be deemed to be a proceeding in the High Court.

86. —(1) Where, in accordance with rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act, the comptroller has directed that any hearing for the purpose of proceedings under section fifty-five or section fifty-six of this Act shall be held in Scotland, any appeal from the comptroller in those proceedings shall lie to the Scottish Appeal Tribunal constituted in accordance with the provisions of this section.

The Appeal Tribunal.

Appeals from decisions of the comptroller in Scottish cases.

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

1790

Appeals to Court of Appeal and Court of Session.

CH. 87

(2) The Scottish Appeal Tribunal shall consist of a judge of the Court of Session nominated for the purpose by the Lord President of that Court.

(3) The Courts of Law Fees (Scotland) Act, 1895 (which confers power on the Court of Session to regulate fees), shall apply to the Scottish Appeal Tribunal as if the Tribunal were a court the fees payable in which would be regulated by the Lords of Council and Session under section two of that Act.

(4) The Scottish Appeal Tribunal may examine witnesses on oath and administer oaths for that purpose.

(5) Upon any appeal under this section, the Scottish Appeal'. Tribunal may by order award to any party such expenses as the Tribunal may consider reasonable and direct how and by what party the expenses are to be paid; and any such order may be recorded for execution in the books of council and session and shall be enforceable accordingly.

(6) Upon any appeal under this section, the Scottish Appeal Tribunal may exercise any power which could have been exercised by the comptroller in the proceeding from which the appeal is brought.

(7) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, rules may be made by Act of Sederunt for regulating all matters relating to proceedings before the Scottish Appeal Tribunal under this section.

(8) Rules made under this section shall provide for the appointment of scientific advisers to assist the Scottish Appeal Tribunal upon appeals under this Act and for regulating the functions of such advisers; and the remuneration of a scientific adviser appointed in accordance with such rules shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(9) An appeal to the Scottish Appeal Tribunal under this section shall not be deemed to be a proceeding in the Court of Session.

87.—(1) An appeal shall he to the Court of Appeal—

(a) from any decision of the Appeal Tribunal on an appeal under section thirty-three or section forty-two of this Act where the effect of the decision is the revocation of a patent;

(b) from any decision of the Appeal Tribunal under section

fifty-five of this Act;

(c) with the leave of the Tribunal, from any decision of

the Tribunal under section fourteen of this Act, where the effect of the decision is the refusal of the grant of a patent on the ground specified in paragraph id) or paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of that section.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1791

(2) No appeal shall lie from any decision of the court under section twenty-three or section twenty-four of this Act.

(3) An appeal shall he to the Court of Session from any decision of the Scottish Appeal Tribunal under section fifty-five of this Act.

Patent Agents

88.—(1) An individual shall not, either alone or in partner- Restrictions ship with any other person, practise, describe himself or hold himself out as a patent agent, or permit himself to be so 5 8 'described or held out, unless he is registered as a patent agent in the register of patent agents or, as the case may be, unless he and all his partners are so registered; and a company shall not practise, describe itself or hold itself out or permit itself to be described or held out as aforesaid unless—

(a) in the case of a company which began to carry on business as a patent agent ^before the seventeenth day of November, nineteen hundred and seventeen, a director or the manager of the company is registered as aforesaid and the name of that director or manager is mentioned as being so registered in all professional advertisements, circulars or letters issued by or with the consent of the company in which the name of the company appears;

(b) in any other case, every director of the company and,

if the company has a manager who is not a director, that manager, is registered as aforesaid.

(2) Any person who contravenes the provisions of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, twenty pounds, and in the case of a second or subsequent offence, fifty pounds.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment prescribing the time within which proceedings may be brought before a court of summary jurisdiction, proceedings for an offence under this section may be begun at any time within twelve months from the date of the offence.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting solicitors from taking such part in proceedings under this Act as has heretofore been taken by solicitors.

(5) A patent agent shall not be guilty of an offence under section forty-seven of the Solicitors Act, 1932, or section thirty-

nine of the Solicitors (Scotland) Act, 1933 (which prohibits

the preparation for reward of certain instruments by persons

not legally qualified) by reason only of the preparation by him for use in proceedings under this Act before the comptroller or the Appeal Tribunal of any document other than a deed.

1792

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(6) No person who was not registered in the register of patent agents before the fifteenth day of July, nineteen hundred and nineteen, shall be so registered unless he is a British subject or a citizen of the Republic of Ireland.

Power of 89.—(1) Rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act

comptroller to may authorise the comptroller to refuse to recognise as agent in Idthcertain31 respect of any business under this Act—

agents. (a) any individual whose name has been erased from, and

not restored to, the register of patent agents, or who is for the time being suspended from acting as a patent agent;

(b) any person who has been convicted of an offence under

the last foregoing section;

(c) any person who is found by the Board of Trade (after

being given an opportunity to be heard) to have been convicted of any offence or to have been guilty of any such misconduct *as, in the case of an individual registered in the register of patent agents, would render him liable to have his name erased therefrom;

(d) any person, not being registered as a patent agent, who

in the opinion of the comptroller is engaged wholly or mainly in acting as agent in applying for patents in the United Kingdom or elsewhere in the name or for the benefit of a person by whom he is employed;

(e) any company or firm, if any person whom the comp-

troller could refuse to recognise as agent in respect of any business under this Act is acting as a director or manager of the company or is a partner in the firm.

(2) The comptroller shall refuse to recognise as agent in respect of any business under this Act any person who neither resides nor has a place of business in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man.

Offences

Falsification of 90. If any person makes or causes to be made a false entry register, etc. in any register kept under this Act, or a writing falsely purporting to be a copy of an entry in any such register, or produces or tenders or causes to be produced or tendered in evidence any such writing, knowing the entry or writing to be false, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

Unauthorised 91.—(1) If any person falsely represents that any article sold

claim of by him is a patented article, he shall be liable on summary con-patent rights, yiction to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and for the purposes of this provision a person who sells an article having stamped, engraved or impressed thereon or otherwise applied

1949

Patents A, 1949

Ch. 87

1793

thereto the word "patent " or " patented ", or any other word expressing or implying that the article is patented, shall be deemed to represent that the article is a patented article.

(2) If any person uses on his place of business, or on any document issued by him, or otherwise, the words "Patent Office " or any other words suggesting that his place of business is, or is officially connected with, the Patent Office, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

92. —(1) The grant of a patent under this Act shall not be Unauthorised

deemed to authorise the patentee to use the Royal Arms or to assumption place the Royal Arms on any patented article. of Royal Anns.

(2) If any person, without the authority of His Majesty, uses in connection with any business, trade, calling or profession the Royal Arms (or Arms so nearly resembling them as to be calculated to deceive) in such manner as to be calculated to lead to the belief that he is duly authorised to use the Royal Arms, then, without prejudice to any proceedings which may be taken against him under section sixty-one of the Trade Marks Act,

1938, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds:

Provided that this section shall not affect the right, if any, of the proprietor of a trade mark containing such Arms to continue to use that trade mark.

93. Where an offence under section eighteen or section eighty- Offences by eight of this Act is committed by a body corporate, every person companies, who at the time of the commission of the offence is a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or is purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence unless he proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and

that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

Rules, etc.

94.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Board of General power Trade may make such rules as they think expedient for regur of Board of lating the business of the Patent Office in relation to patents r^cet£ maJce and for regulating all matters by this Act placed under die direction or control of the comptroller or the Board, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision—

(a) for prescribing the form of applications for patents and of any specifications, drawings or other documents which may be filed at the Patent Office, and for requiring copies to be furnished of any such documents;

1794

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(b) for regulating the procedure to be followed in connec-

tion with any application or request to the comptroller or in connection with any proceeding before the comptroller and for authorising the rectification of irregularities of procedure;

(c) for regulating the keeping of the register of patents and

the registration of patent agents, and for authorising, in such cases as may be prescribed by the rules, the erasure from the register of patent agents of the name of any person registered therein or the suspension of the right of any such person to act as a patent agent;

(d) for authorising the publication and sale of copies of

specifications, drawings and other documents in the Patent Office, and of indexes to and abridgements of such documents;

(e) for prescribing anything authorised or required by this

Act to be prescribed by rules made by the Board.

(2) Rules made under this section shall provide for the publication by the comptroller—

(a) of a journal (in this Act referred to as " the Journal ")

containing particulars of applications for patents and other proceedings under this Act; and

(b) of reports of cases relating to patents, trade marks

and registered designs decided by the comptroller, the Appeal Tribunal or any court.

Provisions 95.—(1) Any rules made by the Board of Trade under this

as to rules Act shall be advertised twice in the Journal.

and Orders.

(2) Any rules made by the Board of Trade in pursuance of section seventy-one or section seventy-two of this Act, and any order made, direction given, or other action taken under the rules by the comptroller, may be made, given or taken so as to have effect as respects things done or omitted to be done on or after such date, whether before or after the coming into operation of the rules or of this Act, as may be specified in the rules.

(3) Any power to make rules conferred by this Act on the Board of Trade or on the Appeal Tribunal shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply to a statutory instrument containing rules

* made by the Appeal Tribunal in like manner as if the rules had

been made by a Minister of the Crown.

(4) Any statutory instrument containing rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) Any Order in Council made under this Act may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in Council.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1795

96.—(1) Anything required or authorised by this Act to be Proceedings done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, to °£ Board or before the President of the Board of Trade, any secretary, of Thunder-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

(2) All documents purporting to be orders made by the Board of Trade and to be sealed with the seal of the Board, or to be signed by a secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or by any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board, shall be received in evidence, and shall be deemed to be such orders without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(3) A certificate, signed by the President of the Board of Trade, that any order made or act done is the order or act of the Board, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so certified.

Supplemental

97. Any notice required or authorised to be given by or under Service of this Act, and any application or other document so authorised notices, etc., or required to be made or filed, may be given, made or filed by

by post.

98. —(1) Rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act Hours of may specify the hour at which the Patent Office shall be deemed

to be closed on any day for purposes of the transaction by the excluded <"*• public of business under this Act or of any class of such business, and may specify days as excluded days for any such purposes.

(2) Any business done under this Act on any day after the hour specified as aforesaid in relation to business of that class, or on a day which is an excluded day in relation to business of that class, shall be deemed to have been done on the next following day not being an excluded day; and where the time for doing anything under this Act expires on an excluded day, that time shall be extended to the next following day not being an excluded day.

99. Subject to the provisions of this Act, there shall be paid Fees, in respect of the grant of patents and applications therefor, and in respect of other matters relating to patents arising under this Act, such fees as may be prescribed by rules made by the Board of Trade with the consent of the Treasury:

Provided that the fees so prescribed in respect of the instruments and matters specified in the First Schedule to this Act shall not exceed the amounts specified in that Schedule.

1796

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Annual report of comptroller.

Interpretation.

100. Before the first day of June in every year the comptroller shall cause to be laid before both Houses of Parliament a report with respect to the execution of this Act, and every such report shall include an account of all fees, salaries and allowances, and other money received and paid under this Act during the previous year.

101. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" Appeal Tribunal" means the judge nominated under section eighty-five of this Act;

" applicant " includes a person in whose favour a direction has been given under section seventeen of this Act, and the personal representative of a deceased applicant;

" article " includes any substance or material, and any plant, machinery or apparatus, whether affixed to land or not;

"assignee" includes the personal representative of a deceased assignee, and references to the assignee of any person include references to the assignee of the personal representative or assignee of that person;

" comptroller" means the Comptroller-General of Patents, Designs and Trade Marks;

" convention application " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (4) of section one of this Act;

" court" means the High Court;

" date of filing ", in relation to any document filed under this Act, means the date on which the document is filed or, where it is deemed by virtue of any provision of this Act or of rules made thereunder to have been filed on any different date, means the date on which it is deemed to be filed;

" exclusive licence" means a licence from a patentee which confers on the licensee, or on the licensee and persons authorised by him, to the exclusion of all other persons (including the patentee), any right in respect of the patented invention, and " exclusive licensee " shall be construed accordingly;

" invention" means any manner of new manufacture the subject of letters patent and grant of privilege within section six of the Statute of Monopolies and any new method or process of testing applicable to the improvement or control of manufacture, and includes an alleged invention;

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1797

" Journal " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section ninety-four of this Act;

" patent" means Letters Patent for an invention;

" patent agent" means a person carrying on for gain in the United Kingdom the business of acting as agent for other persons for the purpose of applying for or obtaining patents in the United Kingdom or elsewhere;

" patent of addition" means a patent granted in accordance with section twenty-six of this Act;

" patentee" means the person or persons for the time being entered on the register of patents as grantee or proprietor of the patent;

" prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act;

" priority date " has the meaning assigned to it by section five of this Act;

" published ", except in relation to a complete specification, means made available to the public; and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision a document shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be published if it can be inspected as of right at any place in the United Kingdom by members of the public, whether upon payment of a fee or otherwise;

" the Statute of Monopolies" means the Act of the twenty-first year of the reign of King James the First, chapter three, intituled " An Act concerning monopolies and dispensations with penal laws and the forfeiture thereof".

(2) For the purposes of subsection (3) of section one, so for as it relates to a convention application, and for the purposes of section seventy-two of this Act, the expression " personal representative ", in relation to a deceased person, includes the legal representative of the deceased appointed in any country outside the United Kingdom.

102.—(1) Nothing in this Act shall take away, abridge or prejudicially affect the prerogative of the Crown in relation to the granting of letters patent or to the withholding of a grant thereof.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect the right of the Crown or of any person deriving title directly or indirectly from the Crown to sell or use articles forfeited under the laws relating to customs or excise.

Saving for Royal prerogative, etc.

1798

Ch. 87

Patents Act ,1949 12,13 & 14 Guo. 6

Application to Scotland.

Application to Northern Ireland.

103. In the application of this Act to Scotland—

(1) In any action for infringement of a patent in Scotland the action shall be tried without a jury unless the court otherwise direct, but otherwise nothing shall affect the jurisdiction and forms of process of the courts in Scotland in such an action or in any action or proceeding respecting a patent hitherto competent to those courts:

(2) Proceedings for revocation of a patent shall be in the

form of an action of reduction, and service of all writs and summonses in that action shall be made according to the forms and practice existing immediately before the commencement of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907:

(3) The provisions of this Act conferring a special juris-

diction on the court as defined by this Act shall not, except so far as the jurisdiction extends, affect the jurisdiction of any court in Scotland in any proceedings relating to patents; and with reference to any such proceedings, the term "the Court" shall mean the Court of Session:

14) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the expression " the Court " shall in reference to proceedings in Scotland for the extension of the term of a patent mean the Court of Session:

(5) If any rectification of a register under this Act is

required in pursuance of any proceeding in a court, a copy of the order, decree, or other authority for the rectification shall be served on the comptroller, and he shall rectify the register accordingly:

(6) The expression " injunction" means " interdict "; the

expression " chose in action" means a right of actios or an incorporeal moveable; the 'expression "an account of profits" means "an accounting and payment of profits"; the expression "arbitrator" means " arbiter "; the expression " plaintiff" means " pursuer "; the expression " defendant" means " defender ".

104. In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland—

(1) All parties shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, have in Northern Ireland their remedies under or in respect of a patent as if the same had been granted to extend to Northern Ireland only:

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1799

(2) The provisions of this Act conferring a special jurisdiction on the court, as defined by this Act, shall not, except so far as the jurisdiction extends, affect the jurisdiction of any court in Northern Ireland in any proceedings relating to patents; and with reference to any such proceedings the term " the Court" means the High Court in Northern Ireland:

(3) If any rectification of a register under this Act is required in pursuance of any proceeding in a court, a copy of the order, decree, or other authority for the rectification shall be served on the comptroller, and he shall rectify the register accordingly:

(4) References to enactments of the Parliament of the United

Kingdom shall be construed as references to those enactments as they apply in Northern Ireland:

(5) References to a Government department shall be con-

strued as including references to a department of the Government of Northern Ireland:

(6) The expression " summary conviction " shall be con-

strued as meaning conviction subject to, and in accordance with, the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act (including any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) amending that Act

105. This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man, subject to isle of Man. the following modifications:—

(1) Nothing in this Act shall affect the jurisdiction of the

courts in the Isle of Man in proceedings for infringement, or in any action or proceeding respecting a patent competent to those courts;

(2) The punishment for a misdemeanour under this Act in

the Isle of Man shall be imprisonment for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and with or without a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, at the discretion of the court:

(3) Any offence under this Act committed in the Isle of

Man which would in England be punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted, and any fine in respect thereof recovered, at the instance of any person aggrieved, in the manner in which offences punishable on summary conviction may for the time being be prosecuted.

106.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enact- Repeals, merits specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby transitional repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

1800

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Short title and commencement.

Section 99.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with respect to repeals, the transitional provisions set out in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the transition to the provisions of this Act from the law in force before the commencement of the Patents and Designs Act, 1949.

(3) For subsection (8) of section twelve of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (8) The power of the Minister of Supply and persons authorised by the Minister of Supply under section forty-six of the Patents Act, 1949, shall include power to make, use, exercise or vend an invention for such purposes relating to the production or use of atomic energy or research into matters connected therewith as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient, and any reference in that section or in sections forty-seven and forty-eight of that Act to the services of the Crown shall be construed as including a reference to those purposes."

107,—(1) This Act may be cited as the Patents Act, 1949.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty, immediately after the coming into operation of the Patents and Designs Act, 1949.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Maximum Fees

£ s. d.

On application for patent

On filing of complete specification

On sealing of patent

Renewal fees in respect of—

fifth year of patent

sixth year of patent

seventh year of patent

eighth year of patent

ninth year of patent

tenth year of patent

eleventh year of patent

twelfth year of patent

thirteenth year of patent fourteenth year of patent • fifteenth year of patent sixteenth year of patent

10 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

10 0 0 10 0 0 10 0 0 10 0 0 15 0 0 15 0 0 20 0 0 20 0 0 20 0 0 20 0 0 20 0 0 20 0 0

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Ch. 87

1801

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 106.

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short title

Extent of repeal

7 Edw. 7. c. 29.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 80.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

c. 3.

22 & 23 Geo. S. c. 32.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 29.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 32.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

c. 6.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 26.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. *4.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 10.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 62.

The Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

The Patents and Designs Act, 1919.

The Patents and Designs (Convention) Act, 1928. The Patents and Designs Act, 1932.

The Patents, etc. (International Conventions) Act, 1938.

The Patents and Designs (Limits of Time) Act, 1939.

The Patents and Designs Act, 1942.

The Emergency Laws (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1946.

The Patents and Designs Act, 1946.

The Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1947.

The Patents and Designs Act, 1949.

The whole Act, except section forty-seven, subsections (1), (2) and (3) of section sixty-two, sections sixty-three and sixty-four, and except sections eighty-two, ninety-one and ninety-one A in their application to trade marks and except section eighty-eight in its application to any Order in Council made under section ninety-one A.

The whole Act.

The whole Act, except section four.

The whole Act, except so much of the Schedule as amends section ninety-one of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

The whole Act, except sections eight, nine and ten, subsection (6) of section twelve and so much of the Schedule as amends section ninety-one of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

The whole Act, except section four.

The whole Act.

Section seven.

Sections one, two, three and five, subsection (3) of section six, subsection (2) of section seven and subsection (4) of section eight.

In section five, paragraph (6) of subsection (2) and subsection (3).

The whole Act, except section forty-nine, and so much of the First Schedule as amends sections eighty-two, eighty-eight and ninety-one A of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

3~N

1802

Ch. 87

Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Section 106

THIRD SCHEDULE

Transitional Provisions

1. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, any Order in Council, rule, order, requirement, certificate, notice, decision, direction, authorisation, consent, application, request or thing made, issued, given or done under any enactment repealed by this Act shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, and so far as it could have been made, issued, given or done under this Act, continue in force and have effect as if made, issued, given or done under the corresponding enactment of this Act

2. Section five of this Act shall apply in relation to a complete specification filed before the commencement of this Act as it applies to a complete specification filed after the commencement of this Act:

Provided that for the purposes of the said section five a claim of any such specification filed after a provisional specification shall be deemed to be fairly based on the matter disclosed in the provisional specification unless the claim is for a further or different invention to that contained in the provisional specification.

3. Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section three of this Act, a complete specification shall not be filed in pursuance of an application which, by virtue of section five of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, was deemed to be abandoned at any time before the commencement of this Act:

Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall affect any power of the comptroller under section six of the Patents, Designs, Copyright and Trade Marks (Emergency) Act, 1939, to extend the time for filing a complete specification.

4. Where a complete specification has been filed before the commencement of this Act but has not been accepted, then, in relation to matters arising before the acceptance or refusal of acceptance of the complete specification, the provisions of this Act shall not apply, but the provisions of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, shall continue to apply notwithstanding the repeal of that Act.

5. The provisions of sections fourteen and thirty-three of this Act relating to the grounds on which the grant of a patent may be opposed or on which a patent may be revoked by the comptroller shall not apply in any case where the complete specification was accepted before the commencement of this Act, but the provisions of the Patents’and Designs Act, 1907, relating to those matters shall continue to apply in any such case notwithstanding the repeal of that Act.

6. The power of the comptroller under section fifteen of this Act to refuse the grant of a patent unless the complete specification is amended to his satisfaction shall not be exercisable in relation to any complete specification which was accepted before the commencement of this Act.

7. The provisions of section fifty-three of this Act shall apply in relation to any application for a patent made before the commencement of this Act as they apply in relation to such an application made after the commencement of this Act

1949

Patents Act, 1949

Ch, 87

1803

8. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, a patent sealed before the commencement of this Act, and bearing a date within the period beginning with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and ending with the commencement of this Act, may be revoked by the court on the ground specified in paragraph (oo) of subsection (2) of section twenty-five of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

9. Where, in relation to any invention, the time for giving notice to the comptroller under section forty-five of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, expired before the commencement of this Act and the notice was not given, subsections (2) and (4) of section fifty-one of this Act shall not apply in relation to that invention or any patent for that invention.

10. In relation to a complete specification which was accepted before the commencement of this Act, this Act shall have effect as if for the words "the date of the publication ", wherever those words occur, there were substituted the words "the date of the acceptance ".

11. Where a specification filed before the commencement of this Act has become open to public inspection, it shall continue to be open to public inspection notwithstanding anything in section seventy-nine of this Act.

12. Where a specification which, before the commencement of this Act, has become open to public inspection under subsection (4) of section ninety-one of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, has been amended before acceptance, nothing in subsection (2) of section thirty-one of this Act shall be construed as authorising reference to be made, in construing the specification, to the specification as it subsisted before acceptance.

• 13. Where two or more persons are registered as grantee or proprietor in respect of a patent which was granted or for which application was made before the commencement of this Act, the right of each of those persons to assign the whole or part of his interest in the patent shall not be restricted by reason only of the provisions of section fifty-four of this Act.

14. A condition of any contract in force immediately before the commencement of this Act shall not be invalidated by reason only of the provisions of section fifty-seven of this Act

15. The provisions of section thirty of the Patents and Designs Act 1907, and of any rules made by virtue of that section shall continue to apply in relation to any patent granted before the commencement of this Act in pursuance of that section notwithstanding the repeal of that Act.

16. Notwithstanding the repeal of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, subsection (2) of section thirty-eight A of that Act shall continue to apply in any case where die complete specification was filed before the commencement of this Act 17 *

17. Subsections (1) and (3) of section twenty-two of this Act shall

not apply to any patent granted before the commencement of this

Act

3 N 2

3rd Sch. —eont.

1804 Ch. 87 Patents Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

3rd Sch. 18. Subsection (1) of section twenty-six of this Act shall apply in —cont. relation to any application made before the commencement of this Act as it applies in relation to an application made after the commencement of this Act.

19. Section twenty-seven of this Act shall have effect, in relation to a patent which has ceased to have effect before the commencement of this Act, as if for the reference to section twenty-two of this Act there were substituted a reference to section seventeen of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

20. Where the time allowed under section twelve of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, for the sealing of a patent has expired before the commencement of this Act and the patent has not been sealed, section twenty-eight of this Act shall have effect in relation to the application for the patent as if for the reference to section nineteen of this Act there were substituted a reference to section twelve of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

21. In relation to any proceedings pending at the commencement of this Act the provisions of sections thirty and sixty-two of this Act shall not apply but the provisions of sections twenty-two and thirty-two A of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, shall continue to apply notwithstanding the repeal of that Act.

22. Section sixty-three of this Act shall not apply in relation to any infringement of a patent committed before the commencement of this Act.

23. Any register kept under the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, shall be deemed to form part of the corresponding register under this Act

24. Nothing in this Act shall affect the term of any patent granted before the commencement of the Patents, etc. (International Conventions) Act, 1938.

25. Nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of section four of the Patents and Designs Act, 1946.

26. Any document referring to any enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to the corresponding enactment of this Act. 27

27. Any reference in this Schedule to the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, shall be construed as a reference to that Act as amended by any subsequent enactment other than the Patents and Designs Act, 1949.

1949

Patents Act, 1949 Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Ch. 87, 88

1805

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Statute of Monopolies

Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851

Interpretation Act, 1889

Courts of Land Fees (Scotland) Act, 1895

Patents and Designs Act, 1907

Solicitors Act, 1932

Solicitors (Scotland) Act, 1933

Arbitration Act, 1934

Trade Marks Act, 1938

Patents, etc. (International Conventions) Act, 1938 Patents, Designs, Copyright and Trade Marks

(Emergency) Act, 1939

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

Patents and Designs Act, 1946

Atomic Energy Act, 1946

Crown Proceedings Act, 1947

Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (Inquiry and

Control) Act, 1948

Patents and Designs Act, 1949

Civil Aviation Act, 1949

21 Jac. 1. c. 3.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 14.

7 Edw. 7. c. 29.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 37.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 21.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 14. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 22.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 29.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 107. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 44.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 80.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 44.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 66. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

c. 62.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 67.

CHAPTER 88

Registered Designs , 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Registrable designs and proceedings for registration

Section

1. Designs registrable under Act.

2. Proprietorship of designs.

3. Proceedings for registration.

4. Registration of same design in respect of other articles, etc.

5. Provisions for secrecy of certain designs.

6. Provisions as to confidential disclosure, etc.

Effect of registration, etc.

7. Right given by registration.

8. Period of copyright.

9. Exemption of innocent infringer from liability for damages.

10. Compulsory licence in respect of registered design.

11. Cancellation of registration.

12. Use for services of the Crown.

International Arrangements

13. Orders in Council as to convention countries.

14. Registration of design where application for protection in con.'

vention country had been made.

15. Extension of time for applications under s. 14 in certain cases.

16. Protection of designs communicated under international

agreements.

1806

Ch. 88

Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Register of designs, etc.

Section

17. Register of designs.

18. Certificate of registration.

19. Registration of assignments, etc.

20. Rectification of register.

21. Power to correct clerical errors.

22. Inspection of registered designs.

23. Information as to existence of copyright.

24. Evidence of entries, documents, etc.

Legal proceedings and Appeals

25. Certificate of contested validity of registration.

26. Remedy for groundless threats of infringement proceedings.

27. The Court.

28. The Appeal Tribunal.

Powers and Duties of Registrar

29. Exercise of discretionary powers of registrar.

30. Costs and security for costs.

31. Evidence before registrar.

32. Power of registrar to refuse to deal with certain agents.

Offences

33. Offences under s. 5.

34. Falsification of register, etc.

35. Fine for falsely representing a design as registered.

Rules, etc.

36. General power of Board of Trade to make rules, etc.

37. Provisions as to rules and Orders.

38. Proceedings of Board of Trade.

Supplemental

39. Hours of business and excluded days.

40. Fees.

41. Service of notices, etc., by post.

42. Annual report of registrar.

43. Savings.

44. Interpretation.

45. Application to Scotland.

46. Application to Northern Ireland.

47. Isle of Man.

48. Repeals, savings and transitional provisions.

49. Short title and commencement.

Schedules :

First Schedule.—Provisions as to the use of registered designs for services of the Crown and as to rights of third parties in respect of such use.

Second Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1807

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to registered designs.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Registrable designs and proceedings for registration

1. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a Designs design may, upon application made , by the person claiming to registrable be the proprietor, be registered under this Act in respect of any under Act article or set of articles specified in the application.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a design shall not be registered thereunder unless it is new or original and in particular shall not be so registered in respect of any article if it is the same as a design which before the date of the application for registration has been registered or published in the United Kingdom in respect of the same or any other article or differs from such a design only in immaterial details or in features which are variants commonly used in the trade.

(3) In this Act the expression "design" means features of shape, configuration, pattern or ornament applied to an article by any industrial process or means, being features which in the finished article appeal to and are judged solely by the eye, but does not include a method or principle of construction or features of shape or configuration which are dictated solely by the function which the article to be made in that shape or configuration has to perform.

(4) Rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act may provide for excluding from registration thereunder designs for such articles, being articles which are primarily literary or artistic in character, as the Board think fit.

2. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the author Proprietonhip of a design shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as the of designs, proprietor of the design:

Provided that where the design is executed by the author for another person for good consideration, that other person shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as the proprietor.

(2) Where a design, or the right to apply a design to any article, becomes vested, whether by assignment, transmission or operation of law, in any person other than the original proprietor, either alone or jointly with the original proprietor, that other person, or as the case may be the original proprietor and that

1808

Ch. 88

Proceedings for registration.

Registration of same design in respect of other articles, etc.

Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

other person, shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as the proprietor of the design or as the proprietor of the design in relation to that article.

3.—(1) An application for the registration of a design shall be made in the prescribed form and shall be filed at the Patent Office in the prescribed manner.

(2) For the purpose of deciding whether a design is new or original, the registrar may make such searches, if any, as he thinks fit.

(3) The registrar may refuse any application for the registration of a design or may register the design in pursuance of the application subject to such modifications, if any, as he thinks fit.

(4) An application which, owing to any default or neglect on the part of the applicant, has not been completed so as to enable registration to be effected within such time as may be prescribed shall be deemed to be abandoned.

(5) Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Act, a design when registered shall be registered as of the date on which the application for registration was made, or such other date (whether earlier or later than that date) as the registrar may in any particular case direct:

Provided that no proceedings shall be taken in respect of any infringement committed before the date on which the certificate of registration of the design under this Act is issued.

(6) An appeal shall lie from any decision of the registrar under subsection (3) of this section.

4,—(1) Where the registered proprietor of a design registered in respect of any article makes an application—

(a) for registration in respect of one or more other articles, of the registered design, or

(b) for registration in respect of the same or one or more other articles, of a design consisting of the registered design with modifications or variations not sufficient to alter the character or substantially to affect the identity thereof,

the application shall not be refused and the registration made on that application shall not be invalidated by reason only of the previous registration or publication of the registered design:

Provided that the period of copyright in a design registered by virtue of this section shall not extend beyond the expiration of the original and any extended period of copyright in the original registered design.

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1809

(2) Where any person makes an application for the registration of a design in respect of any article and either—

(a) that design has been previously registered by another

person in respect of some other article; or

(b) the design to which the application relates consists of a

design previously registered by another person in' respect of the same or some other article with modifications or variations not sufficient to alter the character or substantially to affect the identity thereof,

then, if at any time while the application is pending the applicant becomes the registered proprietor of the design previously registered, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply as if at the time of making the application the applicant had been the registered proprietor of that design.

5.—(1) Where, either before or after the commencement of Provisions for this Act, an application for the registration of a design has been secrecy of made, and it appears to the registrar that the design is one of certain designs, a class notified to him by a competent authority as relevant for defence purposes, he may give directions for prohibiting or restricting the publication of information with respect to the design, or the communication of such information to any person or class of persons specified in the directions.

(2) Rules shall be made by the Board of Trade under this Act for securing that the representation or specimen of a design in the case of which directions are given under this section shall not be open to inspection at the Patent Office during the continuance in force of the directions.

(3) Where the registrar gives any such directions as aforesaid, he shall give notice of the application and of the directions to a competent authority, and thereupon the following provisions shall have effect, that is to say:—

(a) the competent authority shall, upon receipt of such notice, consider whether the publication of the design would be prejudicial to the defence of the realm and unless a notice under paragraph (c) of this subsection has previously been given by that authority to the registrar, shall reconsider that question before the expiration of nine months from the date of filing of the application for registration of the design and at least once in every subsequent year;

(b) for the purpose aforesaid, the competent authority may,

at any time after the design has been registered or, with the consent of the applicant, at any time before the design has been registered, inspect the representation or specimen of the design filed in pursuance of the application;

3 N*

1810

Ch. 88

Provisions as to confidential disclosure, etc.

Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(c) if upon consideration of the design at any time it appears to the competent authority that the publication of the design would not, or would no longer, be prejudicial to the defence of the realm, that authority shall give notice to the registrar to that effect;

• (d) on the receipt of any such notice the registrar shall

revoke the directions and may, subject to such conditions, if any, as he thinks fit, extend the time for doing anything required or authorised to be done by or under this Act in connection with the application or registration, whether or not that time has previously expired.

(4) No person resident in the United Kingdom shall, except under the authority of a written permit granted by or on behalf of the registrar, make or cause to be made any application outside the United Kingdom for the registration of a design of any class prescribed for the purposes of this subsection unless—

(a) an application for registration of the same design has been made in the United Kingdom not less than six weeks before the application outside the United Kingdom; and

,(b) either no directions have been given under subsection <1) of this section in relation to the application in the United Kingdom or all such directions have been revoked:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to a design for which an application for protection has first been filed in a country outside the United Kingdom by a person resident outside the United Kingdom.

(5) In this section the expression "competent authority" means a Secretary of State, the Admiralty or the Minister of Supply.

6.—(1) An application for the registration of a design shall not be refused, and the registration of a design shall not be invalidated, by reason only of—

(a) the disclosure of the design by the proprietor to any

other person in such circumstances as would make it contrary to good faith for that other person to use or publish the design;

(b) the disclosure of the design in breach of good faith

by any person other than the proprietor of the design; or

(c) in the case of a new or original textile design intended

for registration, the acceptance of a first and confidential order for goods bearing the design.

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1811

(2) An application for the registration of a design shall not be refused and the registration of a design shall not be invalidated by reason only—

(a) that a representation of the design, or any article to

which the design has been applied, has been displayed, with the consent of the proprietor of the design, at an exhibition certified by the Board of Trade for the purposes of this subsection;

(b) that after any such display as aforesaid, and during the

period of the exhibition, a representation of the design or any such article as aforesaid has been displayed by any person without the consent of the proprietor; or

(c) that a representation of the design has been published

in consequence of any such display as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection,

if the application for registration of the design is made not later than six months after the opening of the exhibition.

(3) An application for the registration of a design shall not be refused, and the registration of a design shall not be invalidated, by reason only of the communication of the design by the proprietor thereof to a Government department or to any person authorised by a Government department to consider the merits of the design, or of anything done in consequence of such a communication.

Effect of registration, etc.

7. —(1) The registration of a design under this Act shall give Right given by to the registered proprietor the copyright in the registered registration, design, that is to say, the exclusive right in the United Kingdom

and the Isle of Man to make or import for sale or for use for the purposes of any trade or business, or to sell, hire or offer for sale or hire, any article in respect of which the design is registered, being an article to which the registered design or a design not substantially different from the registered design has been applied, and to make anything for enabling any such article to be made as aforesaid, whether in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man or elsewhere.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act and of subsection (3) of section three of the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, the registration of a design shall have the same effect against the Crown as it has against a subject.

8. —(1) Copyright in a registered design shall, subject to the period of provisions of this Act, subsist for a period of five years from the copyright, date of registration.

3N*2

1812

Ch. 88

Registered Designs 12. 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) The registrar shall extend the period of copyright for a second period of five years from the expiration of the original period and for a third period of five years from the expiration of the second period if an application for extension of the period of copyright for the second or third period is made in the prescribed form before the expiration of the original period or the second period, as the case may be, and if the prescribed fee is paid before the expiration of the relevant period or within such further period (not exceeding three months) as may be specified in a request made to the registrar and accompanied by the prescribed additional fee.

Exemption of innocent infringer from liability for damages.

9.—(1) In proceedings for the infringement of copyright in a registered design damages shall not be awarded against a defendant who proves that at the date of the infringement he was not aware, and had no reasonable ground for supposing, that the design was registered; and a person shall not be deemed to have been aware or to have had reasonable grounds for supposing as aforesaid by reason only of the marking of an article with the word "registered" or any abbreviation thereof, or any word or words expressing or implying thdt the design applied to the article has been registered, unless the number of the design accompanied the word or words or the abbreviation in question.

(2) Nothing in this section shall affect the power of the court to grant an injunction in any proceedings for infringement of copyright in a registered design.

Compulsory 10.—(1) At any time after a design has been registered any

licence in person interested may apply to the registrar for the grant of a

respect of compulsory licence in respect of the design on the ground that

registered the design is not applied in the United Kingdom by any indus-

design. trial process or means to the article in respect of which it is

registered to such an extent as is reasonable in the circumstances of the case; and the registrar may make such order on the application as he thinks fit.

(2) An order for the grant of a licence shall, without prejudice to any other method of enforcement, have effect as if it were a deed executed by the registered proprietor and all other necessary parties, granting a licence in accordance with the order.

(3) No order shall be made under this section which would be at variance with any treaty, convention, arrangement or engagement applying to the United Kingdom and any convention country.

(4) An appeal shall lie from any order of the registrar under this section.

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1813

1L—(1) The registrar may, upon a request made in the prescribed manner by the registered proprietor, cancel the registration of a design.

(2) At any time after a design has been registered any person interested may apply to the registrar for the cancellation of the registration of the design on the ground that the design was not, at the date of the registration thereof, new or original, or on any other ground on which the registrar could have refused to register the design; and the registrar may make such order on the application as he thinks fit.

(3) An appeal shall lie from any order of the registrar under the last foregoing subsection.

12. The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the use of registered designs for the services of the Crown and the rights of third parties in respect of such use.

International Arrangements

13.—(1) His Majesty may, with a view to the fulfilment of a treaty, convention, arrangement or engagement, by Order in Council declare that any country specified in the Order is a convention country for the purposes of this Act:

Provided that a declaration may be made as aforesaid for the purposes either of all or of some only of the provisions of this Act, and a country in the case of which a declaration made for the purposes of some only of the provisions of this Act is in force shall be deemed to be a convention country for the purposes of those provisions only.

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any of the Channel Islands, any colony, any British protectorate or protected state, or any territory administered by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom under the trusteeship system of the United Nations, shall be deemed to be a convention country for the purposes of all or any of the provisions of this Act; and an Order made under this subsection may direct that any such provisions shall have effect, in relation to the territory in question, subject to such conditions or limitations, if any, as may be specified in the Order.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, every colony, protectorate, territory subject to the authority or under the suzerainty of another country, and territory administered by another country in accordance with a mandate from the League of Nations or under the trusteeship system of the United Nations, shall be deemed to be a country in the case of which a declaration may be made under that subsection.

Cancellation of registration.

Use for services of Crown.

Orders in Council as to convention countries.

1814

Ch. 88

Registration of design where application for protection in convention country has been made.

Extension of time for applications under s. 14 in certain cases.

Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

14. —(1) An application for registration of a design in respect of which protection has been applied for in a convention country may be made in accordance with the provisions of this Act by the person by whom the application for protection was made or his personal representative or assignee:

Provided that no application shall be made by virtue of this section after the expiration of six months from the date of the application for protection in a convention country or, where more than one such application for protection has been made, from the date of the tint application.

(2) A design registered on an application made by virtue of this section shall be registered as of the date of the application for protection in the convention country or, where more than one such application for protection has been made, the date of the first such application:

Provided that no proceedings shall be taken in respect of any infringement committed before the date on which the certificate of registration of the design under this Act is issued.

(3) An application for the registration of a design made by virtue of this section shall not be refused, and the registration of a design on such an application shall not be invalidated, by reason only of the registration or publication of the design in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man during the period specified in the proviso to subsection (1) of this section as that within which the application for registration may be made.

(4) Where a person has applied for protection for a design by an application which—

(a) in accordance with the terms of a treaty subsisting

between two or more convention countries, is equivalent to an application duly made in any one of those convention countries; or

(b) in accordance with the law of any convention country,

is equivalent to an application duly made in that convention country,

he shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to have applied in that convention country. 15

15, —(1) If the Board of Trade are satisfied that provision substantially equivalent to the provision to be made by or under this section has been or will be made under the law of any convention country, they may make rules empowering the registrar to extend the time for making application under subsection (1) of section fourteen of this Act for registration of a design in respect of which protection has been applied for in that country in any case where the period specified in the proviso to that subsection expires during a period prescribed by the rules.

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1815

(2) Rules made under this section—

(a) may, where any agreement or arrangement has been

made between His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom and the government of the convention country for the supply or mutual exchange of information or articles, provide, either generally or in any class of case specified in the rules, that an extension of time shall not be granted under this section unless the design has been communicated in accordance with the agreement or arrangement;

(b) may, either generally or in any class of case specified in

the rules, fix the maximum extension which may be granted under this section;

(c) may prescribe or allow any special procedure in connec-

tion with applications made by virtue of this section;

(d) may empower the registrar to extend, in relation to

an application made by virtue of this section, the time limited by or under the foregoing provisions of this Act for doing any act, subject to such conditions, if any, as may be imposed by or under the rules;

(e) may provide for securing that the rights conferred by

registration on an application made by virtue of this section shall be subject to such restrictions or conditions as may be spttified by or under the rules and in particular to restrictions and conditions for the protection of persons (including persons acting on behalf of His Majesty) who, otherwise than as the result of a communication made in accordance with such an agreement or arrangement as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, and before the date of the application in question or such later date as may be allowed by the rules, may have imported or made articles to which the design is applied or may have made an application for registration of the design.

16.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Board Protection of of Trade may make rules for securing that, where a design has designs . been communicated in accordance with an agreement or arrange- ^unicated ment made between His Majesty's Government in the United international Kingdom and the government of any other country for the agreements, supply or mutual exchange of information or articles,—

(a)an application for the registration of the design made by the person from whom the design was communicated or his personal representative or assignee shall not be prejudiced, and the registration of the design in pursuance of such an application shall not be

1816

Ch. 88 Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

invalidated, by reason only that the design has been communicated as aforesaid or that in consequence thereof—

(i) the design, has been published or applied, or

(ii) an application for registration of the design has been made by any other person, or the design has been registered on such an application;

(b) any application for the registration of a design made in consequence of such a communication as aforesaid may be refused and any registration of a design made on such an application may be cancelled.

(2) Rules made under subsection (1) of this section may provide that the publication or application of a design, or the making of any application for registration thereof shall, in such circumstances and subject to such conditions or exceptions as may be prescribed by the rules, be presumed to have been in consequence of such a communication as is mentioned in that subsection.

(3) The powers of the Board of Trade under this section, so far as they are exercisable for the benefit of persons from whom designs have been communicated to His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom by the government of any other country, shall only be exercised if and to the extent that the Board are satisfied that substantially equivalent provision has been or will be made under the law of that country for the benefit of persons from whom designs have been communicated by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom to the government of that country.

(4) References in the last foregoing subsection to the communication of a design to or by His Majesty’s Government or the government of any other country shall be construed as including references to the communication of the design by or to any person authorised in that behalf by the government in question.

Register of designs, etc.

Register of 17.—(1) There shall be kept at the Patent Office under the

designs. control of the registrar a register of designs, in which there shall be entered the names and addresses of proprietors of registered designs, notices of assignments and of transmissions of registered designs, and such other matters as may be prescribed or as the registrar may think fit.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act and to rules made by the Board of Trade thereunder, the register of designs shall, at all convenient times, be open to inspection by the public; and

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1817

certified copies sealed with the seal of the Patent Office of any entry in the register shall be given to any person requiring them on payment of the prescribed fee.

(3) The register of designs shall be prima facie evidence of any matters required or authorised by this Act to be entered therein.

(4) No notice of any trust, whether expressed, implied or constructive, shall be entered in the register of designs, and the registrar shall not be affected by any such notice.

18. —(1) The registrar shall grant a certificate of registration Certificate of in the prescribed form to the registered proprietor of a design registration, when the design is registered.

(2) The registrar may, in a case where he is satisfied that the certificate of registration has been lost or destroyed, or in any other case in which he thinks it expedient, furnish one or more copies of the certificate.

19. —(1) Where any person becomes entitled by assignment. Registration of transmission or operation of law to a registered design or to a assignments, share in a registered design, or becomes entitled as mortgagee,etc* licensee or otherwise to any other interest in a registered design,

he shall apply to the registrar in the prescribed manner for the registration of his title as proprietor or co-proprietor or, as the case may be, of notice of his interest, in the register of designs. t

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the foregoing subsection, an application for the registration of the title of any person becoming entitled by assignment to a registered design or a share in a registered design, or becoming entitled by virtue of a mortgage, licence or other instrument to any other interest in a registered design, may be made in the prescribed manner by the assignor, mortgagor, licensor or other party to that instrument, as the case may be.

(3) Where application is made under this section for the registration of the title of any person, the registrar shall, upon proof of title to his.satisfaction—

(a) where that person is entitled to a registered design

or a share in a registered design, register him in the register of designs as proprietor or co-proprietor of the design, and enter in that register particulars of the instrument or event by which he derives title; or

(b) where that person is entitled to any other interest in the

registered design, enter in that register notice of his interest, with particulars of the instrument (if any) creating it.

1818

Rectification of register.

Power to correct

clerical errors.

Ch. 88 Registered Designs 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(4) Subject to any rights vested in any other person of which notice is entered in the register of designs, the person or persons registered as proprietor of a registered design shall have power to assign, grant licences under, or otherwise deal with the design, and to give effectual receipts for any consideration for any such assignment, licence or dealing:

Provided that any equities in respect of the design may be enforced in like manner as in respect of any other personal property.

(5) Except for the purposes of an application to rectify the register under the following provisions of this Act, a document in respect of which no entry has been made in the register of designs under subsection (3) of this section shall not be admitted in any court as evidence of the title of any person to a registered design or share of or interest in a registered design unless the court otherwise directs.

20. —(1) The court may, on the application of any person aggrieved, order the register of designs to be rectified by the making of any entry therein or the variation or deletion of any entry therein.

(2) In proceedings under this section the court may determine any question which it may be necessary or expedient to decide in connection with the rectification of the register.

(3) Notice of any application to the court under this section shall be given in the prescribed manner to the registrar, who shall be entitled to appear and be heard, on the application, and shall appear if so directed by the court.

(4) Any order made by the court under this section shall direct that notice of the order shall be served on the registrar in the prescribed manner; and the registrar shall, on receipt of the notice, rectify the register accordingly.

21. —(1) The registrar may, in accordance with the provisions of this section, correct any error in an application for the registration or in the representation of a design, or any error in the register of designs.

(2) A correction may be made in pursuance of this section either upon a request in writing made by any person interested and accompanied by the prescribed fee, or without such a request.

(3) Where the registrar proposes to make any such correction as aforesaid otherwise than in pursuance of a request made under this section, he shall give notice of the proposal to the

1949 Registered Designs Ch. 88

Act, 1949

registered proprietor or the applicant for registration of the design, as the case may be, and to any other person who appears to him to be concerned, and shall give them an opportunity to be heard before making the correction.

22. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section and to any rules made by the Board of Trade in pursuance of subsection (2) of section five of this Act, the representation or specimen of a design registered under this Act shall be open to inspection at the Patent Office on and after the day on which the certificate of registration is issued.

(2) In the case of a design registered in respect of an article of any class prescribed for the purposes of this subsection, no representation or specimen of the design filed in pursuance of the application shall, until the expiration of such period after the day on which the certificate of registration is issued as may be prescribed in relation to articles of that class, be open to inspection at the Patent Office except by the registered proprietor, a person authorised in writing by the registered proprietor, or a person authorised by the registrar or by the court:

Provided that where the registrar proposes to refuse an application for the registration of any other design on the ground that it is the same as the first-mentioned design or differs from that design only in immaterial details or in features which are variants commonly used in the trade, the applicant shall be entitled to inspect the representation or specimen of the first-mentioned design filed in pursuance of the application for registration of that design.

(3) In the case of a design registered in respect of an article of any class prescribed for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, the representation or specimen of the design shall not, during the period prescribed as aforesaid, be inspected by any person by virtue of this section except in the presence of the registrar or of an officer acting under him; and except in the case of an inspection authorised by the proviso to that subsection, the person making the inspection shall not be entitled to take a copy of the representation or specimen of the design or any part thereof.

(4) Where an application for the registration of a design has been abandoned or refused, neither the application for registration nor any representation or specimen of the design filed in pursuance thereof shall at any time be open to inspection at the Patent Office or be published by the registrar. 23

23. On the request of any person furnishing such information as may enable the registrar to identify the design, and on payment of the prescribed fee the registrar shall inform him whether

1819

Inspection of

registered

designs.

Information as to existence of copyright.

1820

Ch. 88

Evidence of entries, documents, etc.

Certificate of contested validity of registration.

Remedy for groundless threats of infringement proceedings.

Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

the design is registered, and if so, in respect of what articles, and whether any extension of the period of copyright has been granted and shall state the date of registration and the name and address of the registered proprietor.

24.—(1) A certificate purporting to be signed by the registrar and certifying that any entry which he is authorised by or under this Act to make has or has not been made, or that any other thing which he is so authorised to do has or has not been done shall be prima facie evidence of the matters so certified.

(2) A copy of any entry in the register of designs or of any representation, specimen or document kept in the Patent Office or an extract from the register or any such document, purporting to be certified by the registrar and to be sealed with the seal of the Patent Office, shall be admitted in evidence without further proof and without production of the original.

Legal proceedings and Appeals

25. —(1) If in any proceedings before the court the validity of the registration of a design is contested, and it is found by the court that the design is validly registered, tho court may certify that the validity of the registration of the design was contested in those proceedings.

(2) Where any such certificate has been granted, then if in any subsequent proceedings before the court for infringement of the copyright in the registered design or for cancellation of the registration of the design, a final order or judgment is made or given in favour of the registered proprietor, he shall, unless the court otherwise directs, be entitled to his costs as between solicitor and client:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to the costs of any appeal in any such proceedings as aforesaid.

26. —(1) Where any person (whether entitled to or interested in a registered design or an application for registration of a design or not) by circulars, advertisements or otherwise threatens any other person with proceedings for infringement of the copyright in a registered design, any person aggrieved thereby may bring an action against him for any such relief as is mentioned in the next following subsection.

(2) Unless in any action brought by virtue of this section the defendant proves that the acts in respect of which proceedings were threatened constitute or, if done, would constitute, an infringement of the copyright in a registered design the registration of which is not shown by the plaintiff to be invalid.

1949 Registered Designs Ch. 88, 1821

Act, 1949

the plaintiff shall be entitled to the following relief, that is to say: —

(a) a declaration to the effect that the threats are

unjustifiable;

(b) an injunction against the continuance of the threats;

and

(c) such damages, if any, as he has sustained thereby.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that a mere notification that a design is registered does not constitute a threat of proceedings within the meaning of this section.

27. Subject to the provisions of this Act relating to Scotland. The Court Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man, any reference or application to the court under this Act, shall, subject to rules of court,

be dealt with by such judge of the High Court as the Lord Chancellor may select for the purpose.

28. —(1) Any appeal from the registrar under this Act shall The Appeal

lie to the Appeal Tribunal. Tribunal.

(2) The Appeal Tribunal shall be a judge of the High Court nominated for the purpose by the Lord Chancellor.

(3) The expenses of the Appeal Tribunal shall be defrayed and the fees to be taken therein may be fixed as if the Tribunal were a court of the High Court.

(4) The Appeal Tribunal may examine witnesses on oath and administer oaths for that purpose.

(5) Upon any appeal under this Act the Appeal Tribunal may by order award to any party such costs as the Tribunal may consider reasonable and direct how and by what parties the costs are to be paid; and any such order may be made a rule of court.

(6) The Appeal Tribunal shall, with regard to the right of audience, observe the same practice as before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and thirty-two, was observed in the hearing of appeals by the law officer.

(7) Upon any appeal under this Act the Appeal Tribunal may exercise any power which could have been exercised by the registrar in the proceeding from which the appeal is brought.

(8) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section the Appeal Tribunal may make rules for regulating all matters relating to proceedings before it under this Act. 9 *

(9) An appeal to the Appeal Tribunal under this Act shall

not be deemed to be a proceeding in the High Court.

1822

Exercise of discretionary powers of registrar.

Costs and security for costs.

Evidence

before

registrar.

Power of registrar to refuse to deal with certain agents.

Ch. 88 Registered Designs 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Powers and Duties of Registrar

29. Without prejudice to any provisions of this Act requiring the registrar to hear any party to proceedings thereunder, or to give to any such party an opportunity to be heard, the registrar shall give to any applicant for registration of a design an opportunity to be heard before exercising adversely to the applicant any discretion vested in the registrar by or under this Act.

30. —(1) The registrar may, in any proceedings before him under this Act, by order award to any party such costs as he may consider reasonable, and direct how and by what parties they are to be paid; and any such order may be made a rule of court.

(2) If any party by whom application is made to the registrar for the cancellation of the registration of a design or for the grant of a licence in respect of a registered design, or by whom notice of appeal is given from any decision of the registrar under this Act, neither resides nor carries on business in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, the registrar, or, in the case of appeal, the Appeal Tribunal, may require him to give security for the costs of the proceedings or appeal, and in default of such security being given may treat the application or appeal as abandoned.

31. —(1) Subject to rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act the evidence to be given in any proceedings before the registrar under this Act may be given by affidavit or statutory declaration; but the registrar may if he thinks fit in any particular case take oral evidence in lieu of or in addition to such evidence as aforesaid, and may allow any witness to be cross-examined on his affidavit or declaration.

(2) Subject to any such rules as aforesaid, the registrar shall in respect of the examination of witnesses on oath and the discovery and production of documents have all the powers of an official referee of the Supreme Court, and the rules applicable to the attendance of witnesses in proceedings before such a referee shall apply to the attendance of witnesses in proceedings before the registrar. 32

32. —(1) Rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act may authorise the registrar to refuse to recognise as agent in respect of any business under this Act—

(a) any individual whose name has been erased from, and not restored to, the register of patent agents kept in pursuance of rules made under the Patents Act, 1949;

(b) any individual who is for the time being suspended in accordance with those rules from acting as a patent agent;

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1823

(c) any person who has been convicted of an offence under

section eighty-eight of the Patents Act, 1949;

(d) any person who is found by the Board of Trade (after

being given an opportunity to be heard) to have been convicted of any offence or to have been guilty of any such misconduct as, in the case of an individual registered in the register of patent agents aforesaid, would render him liable to have his name erased therefrom;

(e) any person, not being registered as a patent agent, who

in the opinion of the registrar is engaged wholly or mainly in acting as agent in applying for patents in the United Kingdom or elsewhere in the name or for the benefit of a person by whom he is employed;

(/) any company or firm, if any person whom the registrar could refuse to recognise as agent in respect of any business under this Act is acting as a director or manager of the company or is a partner in the firm.

(2) The registrar shall refuse to recognise as agent in respect of any business under this Act any person who neither resides nor has a place of business in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man.

Offences

33.—(1) If any person fails to comply with any direction Offences given under section five of this Act or makes or causes to be under s. 5. made an application for the registration of a design in contravention of that section, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine, or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(2) Where an offence under section five of this Act is committed by a body corporate, every person who at the time of the commission of the offence is a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or is purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence unless he proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

1824

Ch. 88

Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Falsification of 34. If any person makes or causes to be made a false entry in register, etc. the register of designs, or a writing falsely purporting to be a copy of an entry in that register, or produces or tenders or causes to be produced or tendered in evidence any such writing, knowing the entry or writing to be false, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

Fine for falsely representing a design as registered.

35.—(1) If any person falsely represents that a design applied to any article sold by him is registered in respect of that article, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and for the purposes of this provision a person who sells an article having stamped, engraved or impressed thereon or otherwise applied thereto the word "registered", or any other word expressing or implying that the design applied to the article is registered, shall be deemed to represent that the design applied to the article is registered in respect of that article.

(2) If any person, after the copyright in a registered design has expired, marks any article to which the design has been applied with the word "registered", or any word or words implying that there is a subsisting copyright in the design, or causes any such article to be so marked, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

Rules, etc.

General 36.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Board of

power of Trade may make such rules as they think expedient for regu-Board of Trade jating the business of the Patent Office in relation to designs tomakerules, ancj for regujating all matters by this Act placed under the direction or control of the registrar or the Board, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision—

(a) for prescribing the form of applications for registration

of designs and of any representations or specimens of designs or other documents which may be filed at the Patent Office, and for requiring copies to be furnished of any such representations, specimens or documents;

(b) for regulating the procedure to be followed in connec-

tion with any application or request to the registrar or in connection with any proceeding before the registrar and for authorising the rectification of irregularities of procedure;

(c) for regulating the keeping of the register of designs;

(d) for authorising the publication and sale of copies of representations of designs and other documents in the Patent Office;

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1825

(e) for prescribing anything authorised or required by this Act to be prescribed by rules made by the Board.

(2) Rules made under this section may provide for the establishment of branch offices for designs and may authorise any document or thing required by or under this Act to be filed or done at the Patent Office to be filed or done at the branch office at Manchester or any other branch office established in pursuance of the rules.

37. —(1) Any rules made by the Board of Trade under this Provisions as

Act shall be advertised twice in the Journal. lcs and

Orders.

(2) Any rules made by the Board of Trade in pursuance of section fifteen or section sixteen of this Act, and any order made, direction given, or other action taken under the rules by the registrar, may be made, given or taken so as to have effect as respects things done or omitted to be done on or after such date, whether before or after the coming into operation of the rules or of this Act, as may be specified in the rules.

(3) Any power to make rules conferred by this Act on the Board of Trade or on the Appeal Tribunal shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and the Statutory Instruments Act,

1946, shall apply to a statutory instrument containing rules made by the Appeal Tribunal in like manner as if the rules had been made by a Minister of the Crown.

(4) Any statutory instrument containing rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) Any Order in Council made under this Act may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in Council.

38. —(1) Anything required or authorised by this Act to be Proceedings of done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, to Board of Trade, or before the President of the Board of Trade, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, *or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

(2) All documents purporting to be orders made by the Board of Trade and to be sealed with the seal of the Board, or to be signed by a secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or by any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board, shall be received in evidence and shall be deemed to be such orders without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(3) A certificate, signed by the President of the Board of Trade, that any order made or act done is the order or act of the Board, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so certified.

1826

Hours of business and exduded days.

Fees.

Service of notices, etc., by post.

Annual report of registrar.

Savings.

Interpretation.

Ch. 88 Registered Designs 12,13 & 14 GfiO. 6

Act, 1949

Supplemental

39. —(1) Rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act may specify the hour at which the Patent Office shall be deemed to be closed on any day for purposes of the transaction by the public of business under this Act or of any class of such business, and may specify days as excluded days for any such purposes.

(2) Any business done under this Act on any day after the hour specified as aforesaid in relation to business of that class, or on a day which is an excluded day in relation to business of that class, shall be deemed to have been done on the next following day not being an excluded day; and where the time for doing anything under this Act expires on an excluded day, that time shall be extended to the next following day not being an excluded day.

40. There shall be paid in respect of the registration of designs and applications therefor, and in respect of other matters relating to designs arising under this Act, such fees as may be prescribed by rules made by the Board of Trade with the consent of the Treasury.

41. Any notice required or authorised to be given by or under this Act, and any application or other document so authorised or required to be made or filed, may be given, made or filed by post.

42. The Comptroller-General of Patents, Designs and Trade Marks shall, in his annual report with respect to the execution of the Patents Act, 1949, include a report with respect to the execution of this Act as if it formed a part of or was included in that Act.

43. —(1) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorising or requiring the registrar to register a design the use of which would, in his opinion, be contrary to law or morality.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect the right of the Crown or of any person deriving title directly or indirectly from the Crown to sell or use articles forfeited under the laws relating to customs or excise.

44. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned by them, that is to say—

"Appeal Tribunal" means the judge nominated under section twenty-eight of this Act.

" article" means any article of manufacture and includes any part of an article if that part is made and sold separately;

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1827

" assignee " includes the personal representative of a deceased assignee, and references to the assignee of any person include references to the assignee of the personal representative or assignee of that person;

" copyright " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section seven of this Act;

" court" means the High Court;

" design " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section one of this Act;

" Journal" means the journal published by the comptroller under the Patents Act, 1949;

" prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the Board of Trade under this Act;

" proprietor " has the meaning assigned to it by section two of this Act;

"registered proprietor" means the person or persons for the time being entered in the register of designs as proprietor of the design;

"registrar" means the Comptroller-General of Patents Designs and Trade Marks;

" set of articles" means a number of articles of the same general character ordinarily on sale or intended to be used together, to each of which the same design, or the same design with modifications or variations not sufficient to alter the character or substantially to affect the identity thereof, is applied.

(2) Any reference in this Act to an article in respect of which a design is registered shall, in the case of a design registered in respect of a set of articles, be construed as a reference to any article of that set.

(3) Any question arising under this Act whether a number of articles constitute a set of articles shall be determined by the registrar; and notwithstanding anything in this Act any determination of the registrar under this subsection shall be final.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (1) of section fourteen and of section sixteen of this Act, the expression " personal representative ", in relation to a deceased person, includes the legal representative of the deceased appointed in any country outside the United Kingdom.

45. In the application of this Act to Scotland— Application

(1) The provisions of this Act conferring a special juris-to Scotland* diction on the court as defined by this Act shall not, except so far as the jurisdiction extends, affect the

1828

Ch. 88

Application to Northern Ireland.

Isle of Man.

Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

jurisdiction of any court in Scotland in any proceedings relating to designs; and with reference to any such proceedings, the term "the Court" shall mean the Court of Session:

(2) If any rectification of a register under this Act is required

in pursuance of any proceeding in a court, a copy of the order, decree, or other authority for the rectification, shall be served on the registrar, and he shall rectify the register accordingly:

(3) The expression " injunction" means " interdict "; the

expression " arbitrator" means " arbiter "; the expression " plaintiff" means " pursuer "; the expression " defendant" means " defender

46. In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland—

(1) The provisions of this Act conferring a special juris-

diction on the court, as defined by this Act, shall not, except so far as the jurisdiction extends, affect the jurisdiction of any court in Northern Ireland in any proceedings relating to designs; and with reference to any such proceedings the term " the Court" means the High Court in Northern Ireland:

(2) If any rectification of a register under this Act is required

in pursuance of any proceeding in a court, a copy of the order, decree, or other authority for the rectification shall be served on the registrar, and he shall rectify the register accordingly:

(3) References to enactments of the Parliament of the United

Kingdom shall be construed as references to those enactments as they apply in Northern Ireland:

(4) References to a Government department shall be con-

strued as including references to a department of the Government of Northern Ireland:

(5) The expression " summary conviction " shall be con-

strued as meaning conviction subject to, and in accordance with, the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act (including any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) amending that Act.

47. This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man subject to the following modifications: —

(1) Nothing in this Act shall affect the jurisdiction of the courts in the Isle of Man in proceedings for infringement or in any action or proceeding respecting a design competent to those courts;

(2) The punishment for a misdemeanour under this Act in

the Isle of Man shall be imprisonment for any term not

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1829

exceeding two years, with or without hard labour, and with or without a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, at the discretion of the court;

(3) Any offence under this Act committed in the Isle of Man which would in England be punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted, and any fine in respect thereof recovered, at the instance of any person aggrieved, in the manner in which offences punishable on summary conviction may for the time being be prosecuted.

48. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section the enact- Repeals,

ments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby savings, and repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that?^1 Schedule. p

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, any Order in Council, rule, order, requirement, certificate, notice, decision, direction, authorisation, consent, application, request or thing made, issued, given or done under any enactment repealed by this Act shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, and so far as it could have been made, issued, given or done under this Act, continue in force and have effect as if made, issued, given or done under the corresponding enactment of this Act.

(3) Any register kept under the Patents and Designs Act,

1907, shall be deemed to form part of the corresponding register under this Act.

(4) Any design registered before the commencement of this Act shall be deemed to be registered under this Act in respect of articles of the class in which it is registered.

(5) Where, in relation to any design the time for giving notice to the registrar under section fifty-nine of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, expired before the commencement of this Act and the notice was not given, subsection (2) of section six of this Act shall not apply in relation to that design or any registration of that design.

(6) Any document referring to any enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to the corresponding enactment of this Act.

(7) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, (which relates to the effect of repeals).

49. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Registered Designs Act, Short title and

1949 commence-

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day 0fment* January, nineteen hundred and fifty, immediately after the coming into operation of the Patents and Designs Act, 1949.

1830

Section 12.

Use of registered designs for services of the Crown.

Ch. 88 Registered Designs 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

SCHEDULES FIRST SCHEDULE Provisions as to the use of Registered Designs for the

SERVICES OF THE CROWN AND AS TO THE RIGHTS OF THIRD

Parties in respect of such use

1.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, any Government department, and any person authorised in writing by a Government department, may use any registered design for the services of the Crown in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph.

(2) If and so far as the design has before the date of registration thereof been duly recorded by or applied by or on behalf of a Government department otherwise than in consequence of the communication of the design directly or indirectly by the registered proprietor or any person from whom he derives title, any use of the design by virtue of this paragraph may be made free of any royalty or other payment to the registered proprietor.

(3) If and so far as the design has not been so recorded or applied as aforesaid, any use of the design made by virtue of this paragraph at any time after the date of registration thereof, or in consequence of any such communication as aforesaid, shall be made upon such terms as may be agreed upon, either before or after the use, between the Government department and the registered proprietor with the approval of the Treasury, or as may in default of agreement be determined by the court on a reference under paragraph 3 of this Schedule.

(4) The authority of a Government department in respect of a design may be given under this paragraph either before or after the design is registered and either before or after the acts in respect of which the authority is given are done, and may be given to any person whether or not he is authorised directly or indirectly by the registered proprietor to use the design.

(5) Where any use of a design is made by or with the authority of a Government department under this paragraph, then, unless it appears to the department that it would be contrary to the public interest so to do, the department shall notify the registered proprietor as soon as practicable after the use is begun, and furnish him with such information as to the extent of the use as he may from time to time require.

(6) For the purposes of this and the next following paragraph, any use of a design for the supply to the government of any country outside the United Kingdom, in pursuance of any agreement or arrangement between His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the government of that country, of articles required for the defence of that country shall be deemed to be a use of the design for the services of the Crown; and the power of a Government department or a person authorised by a Government department under this paragraph to use a design shall include power—

(a) to sell such articles to the government of any country in pursuance of any such agreement or arrangement as aforesaid; and

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1831

(b) to sell to any person any articles made in the exercise of the 1st Sch. powers conferred by this paragraph which are no longer —corn. required for the purpose for which they were made.

(7) The purchaser of any articles sold in the exercise of powers conferred by this paragraph, and any person claiming through him, shall have power to deal with them in the same manner as if the rights in the registered design weFe held on behalf of His Majesty.

2.—(1) In relation to any use of a registered design, or a design in Rights of third respect of which an application for registration is pending, made for SJlSlS* the services of the Crown-

(a) by a Government department or a person authorised by a Government department under the last foregoing paragraph; or

(b) by the registered proprietor or applicant for registration to die order of a Government department,

the provisions of any licence, assignment or agreement made, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, between the registered proprietor or applicant for registration or any person who derives title from him or from whom he derives title and any person other than a Government department shall be of no effect so far as those provisions restrict or regulate the use of the design, or any model, document or information relating thereto, or provide for the making of payments in respect of any such use, or calculated by reference thereto; and the reproduction or publication of any model or document in connection with the said use shall not be deemed to be an infringement of any copyright subsisting in the model or document.

(2) Where an exclusive licence granted otherwise than for royalties or other benefits determined by reference to the use of the design is in force under the registered design then—

(a) in relation to any use of the design which, but for the provisions of this and the last foregoing paragraph, would constitute an infringement of the rights of the licensee, sub-paragraph (3) of the last foregoing paragraph shall have effect as if for the reference to the registered proprietor there were substituted a reference to the licensee; and

(b) in relation to any use of the design by the licensee by virtue of an authority given under the last foregoing paragraph, that paragraph shall have effect as if the said sub-paragraph (3) were omitted.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing sub-paragraph, where the registered design or the right to apply for or obtain registration of the design has been assigned to the registered proprietor in consideration of royalties or other benefits determined by reference to the use of the design, then—

(a) in relation to any use of the design by virtue of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph shall have effect as if the reference to the registered proprietor included a reference to the assignor, and any sum payable by virtue of that sub-paragraph shall be divided between the registered proprietor and the assignor in such proportion

1832

1st Sch. —cont.

Reference of disputes as to Crown use.

Ch. 88 Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

• as may be agreed upon between them or as may in default of agreement be determined by the court on a reference under the next following paragraph; and

(b) in relation to any use of the design made for the services of the Crown by the registered proprietor to the order of a Government department, sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall have effect as if that use were made by virtue of an authority given under that paragraph.

(4) Where, under sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, payments are required to be made by a Government department to a registered proprietor in respect of any use of a design, any person being the holder of an exclusive licence under the registered design (not being such a licence as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph) authorising him to make that use of the design shall be entitled to recover from the registered proprietor such part (if any) of those payments as may be agreed upon between that person and the registered proprietor, or as may in default of agreement be determined by the court under the next following paragraph to be just having regard to any expenditure incurred by that person—

(a) in developing the said design; or

(b) in making payments to the registered proprietor, other than royalties or other payments determined by reference to the use of the design, in consideration of the licence;

and if, at any time before the amount of any such payment has been agreed upon between the Government department and the registered proprietor, that person gives notice in writing of his interest to the department, any agreement as to the amount of that payment shall be of no effect unless it is made with his consent.

(5) In this paragraph "exclusive licence" means a licence from a registered proprietor which confers on the licensee, or on the licensee and persons authorised by him, to the exclusion of all other persons (including the registered proprietor), any right in respect of the registered design.

3.—(1) Any dispute as to the exercise by a Government department or a person authorised by a Government department of the powers conferred by paragraph 1 of this Schedule, or as to terms for the use of a design for the services of the Crown thereunder, or as to the right of any person to receive any part of a payment made in pursuance of sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph, may be referred to the court by either party to the dispute in such manner as may be prescribed by rules of court.

(2) In any proceedings under this paragraph to which a Government department are a party, the department may—

(a) if the registered proprietor is a party to the proceedings,

apply for cancellation of the registration of the design upon any ground upon which the registration of a design may be cancelled on an application to the court under section twenty of this Act;

(b) in any case, put in issue the validity of the registration of the design without applying for its cancellation.

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88

1833

(3) If in such proceedings as aforesaid any question arises whether 1st Sch. a design has been recorded or applied as mentioned in paragraph 1 of —com. this Schedule, and the disclosure of any document recording the

design, or of any evidence of the application thereof, would in the opinion of the department be prejudicial to the public interest, the disclosure may be made confidentially to counsel for the other party or to an independent expert mutually agreed upon.

(4) In determining under this paragraph any dispute between a Government department and any person as to terms for the use of a design for the services of the Crown, the court shall have regard to any benefit or compensation which that person or any person from whom he derives title may have received, or may be entitled to receive, directly or indirectly from any Government department in respect of the design in question.

(5) In any proceedings under this paragraph the court may at any time order the whole proceedings or any question or issue of fact arising therein to be referred to a special or official referee or an arbitrator on such terms as the court may direct; and references to the court in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall be construed accordingly.

4.—(1) During any period of emergency within the meaning of Special this paragraph, the powers exercisable in relation to a design by a provisions 48 Government department, or a person authorised by a Government during^ 086 department under paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall include power emergency, to use the design for any purpose which appears to the department necessary or expedient—

(a) for the efficient prosecution of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged;

(b) for the maintenance of supplies and services essential to the life of the community;

(c) for securing a sufficiency of supplies and services essential to

the well-being of the community;

(d) for promoting the productivity of industry, commerce and agriculture;

(e) for fostering and directing exports and reducing imports, or

imports of any classes, from all or any countries and for redressing the balance of trade;

(f) generally for ensuring that the whole resources of the com-

munity are available for use, and are used, in a manner best calculated to serve the interests of the community; or

(g) for assisting the relief of suffering and the restoration and

distribution of essential supplies and services in any part of His Majesty’s dominions or any foreign countries that are in grave distress as the result of war; and any reference in this Schedule to the services of the Crown shall be construed as inoluding a reference to the purposes aforesaid.

(2) In this paragraph the expression "period of emergency" means the period ending with the tenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty, or such later date as may be prescribed by Order in Council, and any other period beginning on such date as may

3 o

1834

Ch. 88

1st Sch. —cant.

Section 48.

Registered Designs 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

be declared by Order in Council to be the commencement, and ending on such date as may be so declared to be the termination, of a period of emergency for the purposes of this paragraph.

(3) A draft of any Order in Council under this paragraph shall be laid before Parliament; and the draft shall not be submitted to His Majesty except in pursuance of an Address presented by each House of Parliament praying that the Order be made.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

7Edw. 7. c. 29. The Patents and Designs Act, 1907. The whole Act, except section forty-seven, subsections (1), (2) and (3) of section sixty-two, sections sixty-three and sixty-four, and except sections eighty-two, ninety-one and ninety-one A in their application to trade marks and except section eighty-eight in its application to any Order in Council made under section ninety-one A.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 80. The Patents and Designs Act, 1919. The whole Act.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 3. The Patents and Designs (Convention) Act, 1928. The whole Act, except section four.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Patents and Designs Act, 1932; The whole Act, except so much of the Schedule as amends section ninety-one of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 29. The Patents, etc. (International Conventions) Act, 1938. The whole Act, except sections eight, nine and ten, subsection (6) of section twelve and so much of the Schedule as amends section ninety-one of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 32. The Patents and Designs (Limits of Time) Act, 1939. The whole Act, except section four.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c.6. The Patents and Designs Act, 1942. The whole Act.

1949

Registered Designs

Act, 1949

Ch. 88, 89

1835

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 26. The Emergency Laws (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1946. Section seven.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 44. The Patents and Designs Act, 1946. Sections one, two, three and five, subsection (3) of section six, subsection (2) of section seven and subsection (4) of section eight.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 10. The Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1947. In section five, paragraph (b) of subsection (2) and subsection (3).

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 62. The Patents and Designs Act, 1949. The whole Act, except section forty-nine and so much of the First Schedule as amends sections eighty-two, eighty-eight and ninety-one A of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Interpretation Act, 1889 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

Patents and Designs Act, 1907 7 Edw. 7. c. 29.

Crown Proceeding Act, 1947 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 44.

Patents Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 87.

CHAPTER 89

Vehicles (Excise) , 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Charge of duties and rates thereof

Section

1. Charge of duties.

2. Duties on certain vehicles not exceeding 8 cwt. in weight unladen.

3. Duties on hackney carriages.

4. Duties on tractors, etc.

5. Duties on goods vehicles.

6. Duties on vehicles not chargeable with duty under sections 2 to 5.

3 0 2

2nd Sch. —cont.

1836

Ch. 89

Vehicles ( )

Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Section

Exemptions from duty

7. Exemptions from duty.

Collection of duties and licensing

8. Duties to be levied by county councils.

9. Issue and exhibition of licences.

10. Trade licences.

11. Licences for less than a year.

12. Surrender of licences.

13. Alteration of vehicle or use thereof.

14. Recovery of under-payments and over-payments of duty.

15. Penalty for using vehicles without licence.

Registration and identity marks

16. Registration.

17. Registration marks.

18. Distinctive signs for hackney carriages.

19. Penalties for not fixing or obscuring marks and signs.

20. Registration of non-dutiable vehicles.

Miscellaneous and general

21. Penalty for forgery, etc.

22. Burden of proof in certain proceedings.

23. Application of penalties. '

24. Expenses.

25. Regulations.

26. Computation of weight of vehicles, etc.

27. Interpretation.

28. Application to Scotland.

29. Temporary modifications of Act.

30. Repeals and savings.

31. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules :

First Schedule.—Rates of duty on vehicles not exceeding 8 cwt in weight unladen chargeable under section 2 of this Act

Second Schedule.—Rates of duty on hackney carriages chargeable under section 3 of this Act.

Third Schedule.—Rates of duty on tractors, etc. chargeable under section 4 of this Act.

Fourth Schedule.—Rates of duty on goods vehicles chargeable under section 5 of this Act.

Fifth Schedule.—Rates of duty on vehicles chargeable under section 6 of this Act

Sixth Schedule.—Temporary modifications.

Seventh Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

t

by v

1949

Vehicles (Excise)

Act. 1949

Ch. 89

1837

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to excise duties on mechanically propelled vehicles, and to the licensing and registration of such vehicles, with such corrections and improvements as may be authorised under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Charge of duties and rates thereof

1. Subject to the provisions of this Act— Charge of

(a) there shall be charged in respect of mechanically pro-pelled vehicles used on public roads in Great Britain the duties of excise provided by the next five following sections of this Act; and

(b) the duty so chargeable in respect of any mechanically propelled vehicle shall be paid annually upon a licence to be taken out by the person keeping the vehicle,

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the duty Duties on chargeable in respect of a mechanically propelled vehicle of a ceitainvdhicles description specified in the first column of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, being a vehicle which does not exceed uniaden. 180 eight hundredweight in weight unladen, shall be at the rate specified in relation to that vehicle in the second column of the said Part I:

Provided that the said Part I shall have effect subject to the provisions of Part II of the said Schedule.

(2) If a bicycle chargeable with duty under the last foregoing subsection is used for drawing a trailer or sidecar, there shall be chargeable in respect thereof duty at the rate specified in the third column of Part I of the said First Schedule, in addition to the duty chargeable under the said last foregoing subsection.

(3) Vehicles chargeable with duty under this section shall not be chargeable with duty under section three or section five of this Act.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the duty charge- Duties on able in respect of a hackney carriage— hackney

(a) in the case of a hackney carriage being a tramcar, shallcarnages* be at the rate specified in relation to such a carriage in the fourth column of the Second Schedule to this Act;

1838

Ch. 89

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Duties on tractors, etc.

(b) in the case of any other hackney carriage, shall, according to the number of persons (excluding the driver) as set out in the second and third columns of the said Schedule for which the vehicle has seating capacity, be at the rate specified in relation to that number of persons in the fourth and fifth columns of that Schedule.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the seating capacity of a vehicle shall be determined in accordance with regulations made by the Minister.

4.—(1) The duty chargeable in respect of a mechanically propelled vehicle to which this section applies shall, according to the description and weight unladen of the vehicle as set out in the first, second and third columns of the Third Schedule to this Act, be at the rate specified in relation to a vehicle of that description and weight in the fourth and fifth columns of that Schedule.

(2) This section applies to the following mechanically propelled vehicles, that is to say—

(a) locomotive ploughing engines, tractors, agricultural

tractors and other agricultural engines, which are not used on public roads for hauling any objects except as follows, that is to say—

(i) for hauling their own necessary gear, threshing appliances, farming implements, a living van for the accommodation of persons employed in connection with the vehicle, or supplies of water or fuel required for the purposes of the vehicle or for agricultural purposes;

(ii) for hauling from one part of a farm in the occupation of the person in whose name the vehicle is registered under this Act to another part of that farm, agricultural produce of, or articles required for, the farm;

(b) vehicles designed, constructed and used for the purpose

of trench digging or any kind of excavating or shovelling work, which—

(i) are used on public roads only for that purpose or for the purpose of proceeding to and from the place where they are to be used for that purpose; and

(ii) when so proceeding neither carry nor haul any load other than such as is necessary for their propulsion or equipment;

1949

Vehicles (

Act, 1949

Ch. 89

1839

ic) vehicles designed and constructed as mobile cranes which—

(i) are used on public roads only either as cranes in connection with work being carried on on a site in the immediate vicinity or for the purpose of proceeding to and from a place where they are to be used as cranes; and

(ii) when so proceeding neither carry nor haul any load other than such as is necessary for their propulsion or equipment;

(d) mowing machines;

ie) tractors, agricultural tractors and agricultural engines (other than vehicles mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection) which—

(i) are registered under this Act in the name of a person engaged in agriculture; and

(ii) are not used on public roads for hauling any objects except the produce of, or articles required for the purposes of, the agricultural land occupied by that person;

(/) vehicles (other than vehicles mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection) which are constructed and used on public roads for haulage solely and not for the purpose of carrying or having superimposed upon them any load except such as is necessary for their propulsion or equipment.

(3) Vehicles to which this section applies by virtue of paragraph (c) of the last foregoing subsection shah not be chargeable with duty under section five of this Act.

5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the duty DutiesJ. chargeable in respect of a goods vehicle of a description specified goods vehicles, in the first column of Part I of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall, according to the weight unladen of the vehicle as set out in the second and third columns of the said Part I, be at the rate specified in relation to that weight in the fourth and fifth columns of the said Part I.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, if a goods vehicle is used for drawing a trailer there shall be chargeable in respect thereof, according to the description and weight unladen of the vehicle as set out in the first, second and third columns of Part II of the said Fourth Schedule, duty at the rate specified in relation to a vehicle of that description and weight in the fourth column of the said Part II, and. any duty chargeable under this subsection shall be in addition to the duty chargeable under the last foregoing subsection.

1840

Duties on vehicles not chargeable with duty under sections 2 to 5.

\ *

Ch. 89 Vehicles (Excise) 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(3) A mechanically propelled vehicle constructed or adapted for use and used for the conveyance of a machine or contrivance and no other load except articles used in connection with the machine or contrivance shall, notwithstanding that the machine or contrivance is built in as part thereof, be chargeable with duty as a goods vehicle under this section, as if the machine or contrivance were burden and were not to be included in the weight unladen of the vehicle for the purpose of computing the amount of the duty:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall apply to any vehicle chargeable with duty under the last foregoing section.

(4) Where a goods vehicle used for drawing a trailer has the trailer attached to it by partial super-imposition, the vehicle and trailer shall, for the purpose of determining the amount of duty chargeable under this section, be treated as if they together form a single vehicle, and the vehicle shall not be chargeable with any additional duty under subsection (2) of this section.

(5) For the purposes of this section, the expression " trailer " shall not include—

(a) an appliance not exceeding five hundredweight in

weight which is constructed and used solely for the purpose of distributing on the road loose untreated • gritting material;

(b) a snow plough;

(c) a road construction vehicle, if the road construction

machine^ built in or permanently attached to the vehicle is used for no purpose other than the construction or repair of roads at the public expense;

(d) a farming implement not constructed or adapted for .the conveyance of goods or burden of any description, when drawn by a farmer’s goods vehicle;

(e) a trailer used solely for the carriage of a container

for holding gas for the propulsion of the vehicle by which it is drawn, or plant and materials for producing such gas.

6. The duty chargeable in respect of any mechanically propelled vehicle which is not chargeable with duty under any of the last four foregoing sections of this Act shall, according to the description of the vehicle as set out in the first column of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, be at the rate specified in relation to a vehicle of that description in the second column of that Schedule.

1949

Vehicles (

Act, 1949

Ch. 89

1841

Exemptions from duty

7.—(1) No duty shall be chargeable under this Act in respect Exemptions of any of the following mechanically propelled vehicles, that is from duty-to say—

(a) fire engines;

(b) vehicles kept by a local authority while they are used for the purposes of their fire brigade service;

(c) ambulances;

(d) road rollers;

(e) vehicles used on tram lines, not being tramcars used for the conveyance of passengers;

(/) vehicles used for no purpose other than the haulage of lifeboats and the conveyance of the necessary gear of the lifeboats which are being hauled;

(g) vehicles (including cycles with an attachment for pro-

pelling them by mechanical power) which do not exceed five hundredweight in weight unladen and are adapted and used for invalids;

(h) road construction vehicles used solely for the conveyance of road construction machinery which is built in or permanently attached to the vehicle and is used for no purpose other than the construction or repair of roads at the public expense.

(2) A mechanically propelled vehicle shall not be chargeable with any duty under this Act by reason of the use thereof for clearing snow from public roads by means of a snow plough or similar contrivance, whether forming part of the vehicle or not, or for the purpose of going to or from the place where it is to be used for clearing snow from public roads by those means.

(3) The Minister may make regulations providing for the total or partial exemption for a limited period from the duty chargeable under this Act of any mechanically propelled vehicles brought into Great Britain by persons making only a temporary stay in Great Britain.

(4) If an applicant for a licence under this Act in respect of any mechanically propelled vehicle satisfies the county council that the vehicle is intended to be used on public roads—

(a) only in passing from land in his occupation to other land in his occupation; and

(b) for distances not exceeding in the aggregate six miles in any calendar week;

then, if authorised so to do by the Minister with the consent of the Treasury, the council may exempt the vehicle from the duty chargeable under this Act.

3 o*

1842

Ch. 89

Vehicles (

Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Duties to levied by county councils.

Issue and exhibition licences.

(5) If a vehicle exempted under the last foregoing subsection from the payment of duty is used on public roads otherwise than for the purpose or to the extent specified in that subsection, the vehicle shall cease to be so exempted.

Collection of duties and licensing

be 8.—(1) The duties chargeable under this Act shall be levied

by county councils in accordance with provisions to be made for the purpose by Order in Council.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act and of any Order in Council made under this section, every county council and their officers shall have within their county for the purpose of levying the duties aforesaid the same powers, duties and liabilities as the Commissioners of Customs and Excise and their officers have with respect to duties of excise, and to the issue and cancellation of licences on which duties of excise are imposed, and other matters under the Acts relating to duties of excise and excise licences, and all enactments relating to those duties and to punishments and penalties in connection therewith shall apply accordingly.

(3) Every county council shall, subject to the provisions of any Order in Council made under this section, have with respect to the said duties and licences the powers given by the said Acts to the Treasury for the restoration of any forfeiture and the mitigation or remission of any penalty or any part thereof.

(4) The duties levied by a county council under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer in such manner and in accordance with such directions as may be contained in any Order in Council made under this section.

(5) Provision may be made by Order in Council under this section for enabling the Minister to give such directions to county councils as he thinks necessary for securing uniformity of administration and otherwise for carrying the provisions of this Act and of any such Order into effect, and it shall be the duty of county councils to comply with any directions so given.

(6) Any Order in Council made under this section may be revoked, varied or amended by a subsequent Order so made.

9.—(1) Every person applying for a licence under this Act of shall make such a declaration and furnish such particulars with respect to the mechanically propelled vehicle for which the licence is to be taken out or otherwise as may be prescribed; and if any person in connection with an application for such a licence makes a declaration which to his knowledge is false or in any material respect misleading, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

1949 Vehicles (Excise) Ch. 89 1843

Act, 1949

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act relating to trade licences—

(a) every licence issued under this Act shall be issued in respect of the vehicle specified in the application for the licence and shall not entitle the person to whom it is issued to use any other vehicle; and

(b) a county council shall not be required to issue any licence for which application is made unless they are satisfied—

(i) that the licence applied for is the appropriate licence for the vehicle specified in the application; and

(ii) in the case of an application for a licence for a vehicle purporting to be the first application for a licence in respect of the vehicle, that a licence has not previously been issued in respect of that vehicle.

(3) Subject as may be prescribed, every licence issued under this Act in respect of a mechanically propelled vehicle shall be fixed to and exhibited on the vehicle in the prescribed manner.

(4) The Minister may make regulations providing for the issue of new licences in the place of licences which may be lost or destroyed, and for the fee (not exceeding five shillings) to be paid on the issue of a new licence.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the provisions of the Acts relating to excise licences, and without prejudice to those provisions, any licence issued under this Act in respect of a mechanically profiled vehicle may be transferred in the prescribed manner.

10.—(1) If any person being a motor trader makes in the Trade licences, prescribed manner to the council of the county in which his business premises are situated an application to take out a licence under this section in respect of all mechanically propelled vehicles used by him (in this Act referred to as a "trade licence’*), in lieu of taking out a licence in respect of each mechanically propelled vehicle kept by him, the county council may, subject to die prescribed conditions, issue to him a trade licence on payment of duty at such rate as is hereafter in this section provided:

Provided that the holder of a trade licence shall not be entitled by virtue of that licence—

(a) to use more than one vehicle at any one time, except in the case of a vehicle drawing a trailer and used for the prescribed purpose; or

(b) to use any vehicle for any purpose other than such

purposes as may be prescribed.

3 o* 2

1844

Ch. 89

Vehicles ( )

Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Licences for less than a year.

(2) Two sets of regulations shall be made under this section prescribing the conditions subject to which trade licences are to be issued, and prescribing the purposes for which the holder of a trade licence may use it; and—

(a) a licence to which the one set of regulations applies is

hereafter in this Act referred to as a "general trade licence "; and

(b) a licence to which the other set of regulations applies

is hereafter in this Act referred to as a " limited trade licence ";

and it shall be at the option of every motor trader wishing to take out a trade licence whether the licence shall be a general trade licence or a limited trade licence.

(3) Where a general trade licence is taken out, the annual rate of duty shall be twenty-five pounds or, in the case of a licence to be used only for vehicles chargeable with duty under section two of this Act, five pounds.

(4) Where a limited trade licence is taken out, the annual rate of duty shall be five pounds or, in the case of a licence to be used only for vehicles chargeable with duty under the said section two, one pound.

(5) Nothing in this section shall operate to prevent a person entitled to take out a trade licence from holding two or more such licences.

(6) If any person is aggrieved by the refusal of a county council to issue a trade licence, he may appeal tp the Minister, and the Minister shall, on any such appeal, make such order in the matter as he thinks just, and the council shall comply with any order so made.

(7) Any order made by the Minister under the last foregoing subsection shall be final and not subject to appeal to any court, and shall be enforceable in England by order of mandamus on the application of the Minister, and in Scotland by order of the Court of Session on the application of the Lord Advocate.

(8) For the purposes of this section the expression " motor trader" means a manufacturer or repairer of, or dealer in, mechanically propelled vehicles.

11.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect notwithstanding anything in paragraph ( ) of section one of this Act.

(2) A licence in respect of a mechanically propelled vehicle, not being a tramcar or a vehicle mentioned in paragraph (a),

(c) or (d) of subsection (2) of section four of this Act, may be taken out for such periods of the year and on payment of duty

1949 Vehicles (Excise) Ch. 89 1845

Act, 1949

at such rates as the Minister may by order made oy statutory instrument prescribe:

Provided that—

(a) every rate of duty prescribed under this section in respect of a licence taken out for any vehicle for any period of the year shall be such as to bear to the full annual duty chargeable in respect of that vehicle no less proportion than the period for which the licence is taken out bears to a year; and

(b) the rate of duty so prescribed in respect of a licence taken out for any vehicle for one quarter of the year only shall not exceed thirty per cent, of the full annual duty.

(3) The minimum period prescribed by order under the last foregoing subsection may be shorter in the case of vehicles to which this subsection applies than in the case of other vehicles.

This subsection applies to goods vehicles which—

(a) are authorised to be used on roads by virtue of an order made under section three of the Road Traffic Act,

1930; and

(b) exceed such weight (not being less than eleven tons) as may be prescribed by order made under the last foregoing subsection.

(4) Where a person begins to use a tramcar on or after the first day of October in any year, he shall, on delivering a declaration in writing signed by him to that effect, be entitled to take out a licence for that vehicle on payment of one half of the full annual duty.

(5) A general trade licence may be taken out for one quarter of the year only, and in the case of any licence so taken out the duty shall be twenty-seven and one half per cent, of the full annual duty.

(6) In this section the expression " quarter" means any of the following parts of a year, namely, the period beginning with the first day of January and ending with the twenty-fourth day of March, the period beginning with the twenty-fifth day of March and ending with the thirtieth day of June, the three months beginning with the first day of July, apd the three months beginning with the first day of October.

12.—(1) The holder of a licence issued under this Act (other Surrender of than a limited trade licence or a licence for a tramcar) may at licences, any time surrender the licence to the county council with which the vehicle for which the licence was taken out is for the time being registered, or, in the case of a general trade licence, to the county council by which the licence was issued.

1846

Alteration vehicle or thereof.

Ch. 89 Vehicles (Excise) 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) Where a licence is surrendered to a county council under the foregoing provisions of this section, the holder thereof shall be entitled to be repaid by the council by way of rebate of the duty paid for the licence the following amount in respect of each complete month of the period of the currency of the licence which is unexpired at the date of the surrender, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a licence taken out for one quarter of a year only or for any less period, a sum equal to one-third of the duty chargeable on such a licence taken out for one quarter of the year;

(b) in the case of a licence of any other class, an amount

equal to one-twelfth of the full annual duty chargeable on the licence.

(3) For the purposes of this section the month of March shall be deemed to end with the twenty-fourth day of that month, and the month of April shall be deemed to begin with the twenty-fifth day of March.

(4) In making repayments under this section fractions of a penny shall be disregarded.

of 13.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a use licence has been taken out in respect of a mechanically propelled vehicle at any rate under this Act and the vehicle is at any time while the licence is in force used in an altered condition or in a manner or for a purpose which brings it within, or which if it was used solely in that condition or in that manner or for that purpose would bring it within, a class or description of vehicle to which a higher rate of duty is applicable under this Act, duty at that higher rate shall become chargeable in respect of the licence for the vehicle, and the licence may be exchanged for a new licence, for the period beginning with the date on which the higher rate of duty becomes chargeable and expiring at the end of the period for which the original licence was issued, on payment of the difference between—

(a) the amount payable under this Act on a licence taken

out for the said period at the previous rate of duty; and

(b) the amount payable under this Act on a licence taken

out for the said period at the higher rate of duty.

(2) Where a licence has been taken out in respect of a mechanically propelled vehicle, and by virtue of such user as aforesaid a higher rate of duty becomes chargeable and duty at the higher rate was not paid before the vehicle was so used, the person so using the vehicle shall be liable to whichever is the greater of the following penalties, namely—

(a) an excise penalty of twenty pounds; or

1949

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

Ch. 89

1847

(b) an excise penalty of an amount equal to three times the difference between the duty actually paid on the licence and the amount of duty at that higher rate.

(3) Where a licence has been taken out in respect of a mechanically propelled vehicle of a certain class or description, duty at a higher rate applicable to mechanically propelled vehicles of some other class or description shall not become chargeable in respect of the vehicle by reason of any such user of the vehicle as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, unless the vehicle as used while the said licence is in force satisfies all the conditions which must be satisfied in order to bring the vehicle for the purposes of the charge of duty under this Act into the said other class or description of vehicles.

(4) Where duty has been paid in respect of a vehicle under section five of this Act, then, so long as the vehicle in respect of which duty has been paid is to a substantial extent being used for the conveyance of goods or burden belonging to a particular person (whether the person keeping the vehicle or not) duty at a higher rate shall not become chargeable in respect of that vehicle by reason only that it is used for the conveyance without charge in the course of their employment of employees of the person aforesaid.

(5) Where duty has been paid under section five of this Act in respect of a vehicle as being a farmer’s goods vehicle, duty at a higher rate shall not become chargeable in respect of the vehicle by reason only that, on an occasion when the vehicle is being used by the person in whose name it is registered for the purpose of file conveyance of the produce of, or of articles required for the purposes of, the agricultural land which he occupies, it is also used for the conveyance for some other person engaged in agriculture of the produce of, or of articles required for the purposes of, the agricultural land occupied by that other person, if it is shown—

(a) that the vehicle is so used only occasionally;

(b) that the goods conveyed for that other person represent

only a small proportion of the total amount of goods which the vehicle is conveying on that occasion;

(c) that no payment or reward of any kind is, or is agreed

to be, made or given for the conveyance of the goods of that other person.

14.—(1) Where the amount of the duty which has been paid Recovery of on a licence in respect of a mechanically propelled vehicle is less under-than the amount payable on the licence appropriate to that overnpayrnwits vehicle— of duty.

(a) the amount of the deficiency shall be a debt due to the county council with which the vehicle is for the time being registered; and

1848

Penalty for using vehicles without licence.

Ch. 89 Vehicles ) 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

i

(b) that council may take proceedings for the recovery of that amount at any time before the expiration of the year next following the year in respect of which, or of part of which, the licence was taken out.

(2) No proceedings shall be brought for enforcing any repayment of duty to which a person may be entitled in respect of any over-payment of duty made on a licence taken out by him in respect of a mechanically propelled vehicle, unless the proceedings are brought before the expiration of the year next following the year in respect of which, or of part of which, the licence was taken out.

15.—(1) If any person uses on a public road any mechanically propelled vehicle for which a licence under this Act is not in force, not being a vehicle exempted from duty under section seven of this Act, or if any person who is the holder of a trade licence or trade licences issued under this Act uses on a public road at any one time a greater number of vehicles than he is authorised to use by virtue of that licence or those licences, he shall be liable to whichever is the greater of the following penalties, namely—

(a) an excise penalty of twenty pounds; or

(b) an excise penalty equal to three times the amount of

the duty chargeable in respect of the vehicle or vehicles.

(2) Proceedings for a penalty under the last foregoing subsection may be brought at any time within a period of twelve months from the date on which the offence was committed.

(3) Where it is alleged that a mechanically propelled vehicle has been used in contravention of the foregoing provisions of this section—

(a) the owner of the vehicle shall give such information as

he may be required by or on behalf of a chief officer of police or a county council to give as to the identity of the driver and of any person using the vehicle and, if he fails to do so, shall be guilty of an offence under this subsection, unless he shows to the satisfaction of the court that he did not know and could not with reasonable diligence have ascertained who was driving or using the vehicle; and

(b) any other person shall, if required as aforesaid, give any

information which it is in his power to give and which may lead to the identification of the driver or of any person using the vehicle, and, if he fails to do so, he shall be guilty of an offence under this subsection.

(4) A person guilty of an offence under the last foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

1949

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

' Ch. 89

1849

Registration and identity marks

16. —(1) On the first issue of a licence under this Act for a Registration, mechanically propelled vehicle, it shall be the duty of the county

council issuing the licence to register the vehicle in the prescribed manner without any further application in that behalf by the {person taking out the licence and to assign to the vehicle a registration mark indicating the registered number of the vehicle and the council which has registered it.

(2) The Minister may make regulations with respect to the registration of mechanically propelled vehicles and, in particular—

(a) requiring county councils to make the prescribed returns

with respect to mechanically propelled vehicles registered with them, and for making any particulars contained in the register available for use by the prescribed persons; and

(b) requiring any person to whom any mechanically pro-

pelled vehicle is sold or disposed of to furnish the prescribed particulars in the prescribed manner; and

(c) providing for the issue of registration books in respect

of the registration of any mechanically propelled vehicle, and for the surrender and production, and the inspection by the prescribed persons, of any books so issued; and

(d) providing for the issue of new registration books in the place of any such books which may be lost or destroyed, and for the fee (not exceeding five shillings) to be paid on the issue of a new registration book; and

(e) prescribing the form of, and the particulars to be included in, the register of trade licences.

(3) The Motor Car (International Circulation) Act, 1909 (which provides for modifying the provisions of the Motor Car Act, 1903, relating to the registration of motor cau in the case of motor cars brought temporarily into the United Kingdom) shall have effect as if references therein to the Motor Car Act,

1903, included references to this Act.

(4) If any person who is required by virtue of this Act to furnish particulars in connection with a change of the registration of any vehicle furnishes any particulars which to his knowledge are false or in any material respect misleading, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

17. —(1) The registration mark assigned to a mechanically Registration propelled vehicle in accordance with the last foregoing section marks, shall be fixed on the vehicle, or on any other vehicle drawn by

that vehicle, or on both, in the prescribed manner.

le

1850

Distinctive signs for hackney carriages.

Penalties for not fixing or obscuring marks and signs.

Ch. 89 Vehicles (Excise) 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) The Minister may make regulations—

(a) providing for the assignment of a general registration

mark to a person holding a trade licence issued under this Act; and

(b) prescribing the size, shape and character of the regis-

tration marks to be fixed on any vehicle, and the manner in which those marks are to be displayed and rendered easily distinguishable, whether by night or by day.

18. —(1) There shall, subject to the prescribed exceptions, be exhibited on every mechanically propelled vehicle which is chargeable with duty as a hackney carriage, in conjunction with the mark required under the last foregoing section to be fixed on the vehicle, a distinctive sign indicating—

(a) that the vehicle is a hackney carriage; and

(b) the number of persons for which the vehicle has seating

capacity.

(2) Regulations made by the Minister shall provide for such signs to be exhibited as aforesaid and may prescribe the size, shape and character of those signs, and the manner in which the signs are to be displayed and rendered easily distinguishable, whether by night or by day.

19. —(1) If any mark or sign to be fixed on a vehicle in accordance with either of the last two foregoing sections is not so fixed, the person driving the vehicle shall be guilty of an offence under this section:

Provided that it shall be a defence for a person charged under this subsection with failing to fix a mark, to prove that he had no reasonable opportunity of registering the vehicle under this Act and that the vehicle was being driven on a public road for the purpose of being so registered.

(2) If any mark or sign fixed on a vehicle as aforesaid is in any way obscured or rendered or allowed to become not easily distinguishable, the person driving the vehicle shall be guilty of an offence under this section:

Provided that it shall be a defence for a person charged with such an offence to prove that he took all steps reasonably practicable to prevent the mark or sign being obscured or rendered not easily distinguishable.

(3) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable on summary conviction—

(a) in respect of the first offence, to a penalty not exceeding

twenty pounds;

(b) in respect of a second or subsequent offence, to a penalty

not exceeding fifty pounds.

1949

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

Ch. 89

1851

20. The Minister may make regulations— Registration of

(a) extending any provisions as to registration, and provisions incidental to any such provisions, to any mechanically propelled vehicles in respect of which duty is not chargeable under this Act (including vehicles belonging to the Crown); and

(b) providing for the identification of any such vehicles.

Miscellaneous and general

21. If any person forges, or fraudulently alters or uses, or Penalty for fraudulently lends or allows to be used by any other person— forgery, etc.

(a) any mark or sign to be fixed on a mechanically pro-

pelled vehicle in accordance with section seventeen or section eighteen of this Act; or

(b) any licence or registration book under this Act;

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

22. If in any proceedings under subsection (1) of section nine. Burden of subsection (1) of section fifteen or subsection (4) of section Proo( " sixteen of this Act any question arises— prowedings.

(a) as to the number of mechanically propelled vehicles used; or

(b) as to the character, weight, horse-power or cylinder capacity of any mechanically propelled vehicle; or

(c) as to the number of persons for which a mechanically

propelled vehicle has seating capacity; or

(d) as to the purpose for which any mechanically propelled vehicle has been used;

the burden of proof in respect of the matter in question shall lie on the defendant.

23. All penalties and forfeitures recovered under or in pur- Application of suance of this Act, whether by a county council or by any other penalties, person, shall be paid into the Exchequer in such manner and in accordance with such directions as may be contained in any Order in Council made under this Act.

24.—(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Expenses. Parliament in every year—

(a) to every county council by whom the duties under this Act are levied, an amount equal to the expenses properly incurred by that council, in accordance with directions issued by the Minister with the approval

1852

Regulations.

Computation of weight of vehicles, etc.

Ch. 89 Vehicles C 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

of the Treasury, in or in connection with the levying of the duties and the registration of vehicles under this Act;

(b) to every local or police authority, such sum as the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury, may determine to represent the amount which would, if the Roads Act, 1920, had not been passed, have been received by the authority on account of fees or charges for the licensing of mechanically propelled hackney carriages, not being public service vehicles within the meaning of the Road Traffic Act, 1930;

(c) any expenses incurred by any government department in connection with the collection of the said duties or otherwise in the administration of this Act.

(2) The directions issued under paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection may provide for advances being made to county councils from time to time as may be necessary during the year on account of the expenses referred to in that paragraph.

25. —(1) The Minister may make regulations generally for the purpose of carrying this Act into effect and in particular, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, for prescribing any matter which is to be prescribed under this Act.

(2) Any power to make regulations conferred by this Act on the Minister shall be exerciseable by statutory instrument which, except in the case of a statutory instrument containing only regulations made under subsection (3) of section seven or subsection (7) of section twenty-six of this Act, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) County councils shall comply with any regulations made by the Minister under this Act.

(4) If any person acts in contravention of, or fails to comply with, any regulations made under this Act, he shall, for each offence, be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds. 26

26. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the weight unladen of any mechanically propelled vehicle shall, for the purposes of this Act, be taken to be the weight of the vehicle inclusive of the body and all parts (the heavier being taken where alternative bodies or parts are used) which are necessary to or ordinarily used with the vehicle when working on a road, but exclusive of the weight of water, fuel or accumulators used for the purpose of the supply of power for the propulsion of the vehicle, and of loose tools and loose equipment.

1949

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

Ch. 89

1853

(2) In computing for the purposes of section five of this Act the weight unladen of a goods vehicle, there shall be included the weight of any receptacle, being an additional body, placed on the vehicle for the purpose of the carriage of goods or burden of any description, if any goods or burden are loaded into, carried in and unloaded from the receptacle without the receptacle being removed from the vehicle:

Provided that the weight of a receptacle shall not be included in the weight unladen of a goods vehicle by virtue of this subsection—

(a) unless the receptacle is placed on the vehicle by or on

behalf of the person in whose name the vehicle is registered under this Act; or

(b) if the receptacle is constructed or adapted for the

purpose of being lifted on or off the vehicle with goods or burden contained therein and is from time to time actually used for that purpose in the ordinary course of business; or

(c) if the receptacle is specially constructed or specially

adapted for carrying livestock and is used solely for that purpose.

(3) If any question arises under paragraph of the proviso to the last foregoing subsection whether any receptacle is from time to time actually used for the purpose therein mentioned in the ordinary course of business, the receptacle shall be deemed not to be so used until the contrary is shown.

(4) For the purposes of paragraph (c) of the proviso to subsection (2) of this section, a receptacle shall not be deemed to be used otherwise than solely for carrying livestock by reason that, on a journey the main purpose of which is the carrying of livestock or on the way to the loading point or while returning from the discharging point on such a journey, the vehicle is used for carrying agricultural produce or agricultural requisites.

(5) For the purposes of sections four and five of this Act, the weight unladen of a mechanically propelled vehicle shall not be taken to include the weight of a contrivance attached thereto, being a contrivance designed or adapted for the purpose of enabling the vehicle to tow or be towed:

Provided that in computing the weight unladen of a vehicle there shall not, by virtue of this subsection, be excluded the weight of a contrivance attached to the rear of a vehicle chargeable with duty under section four of this Act or of a vehicle chargeable with duty under section five of this Act and used for drawing a trailer, or, in any event, an amount exceeding—

(a) where a contrivance, the weight of which falls to be excluded, is attached to one end only of the vehicle, one hundredweight;

1854

Ch. 89

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Interpretation.

(b) where such a contrivance is attached to each end of the vehicle, two hundredweight.

(6) In computing for the purpose of section five of this Act the weight unladen of a goods vehicle which carries a container for holding gas for the propulsion of the vehicle, or plant for producing such gas, the weight unladen of the vehicle shall be reduced—

ia) where the weight unladen exceeds twelve hundredweight but does not exceed three tons, by half a ton;

(b) where the weight unladen exceeds three tons but does

not exceed six tons, by three-quarters of a ton;

(c) where the weight unladen exceeds six tons, by one ton.

(7) The unit of horsepower or cylinder capacity for the purpose of any rate of duty under this Act shall be calculated in accordance with regulations made by the Minister.

27.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" bicycle " includes a motor scooter and a bicycle with an attachment for propelling it by mechanical power;

" county " includes a county borough, and the expression " county council " shall be construed accordingly;

" electricity undertaking" means an undertaking for supplying electricity or for supplying light by means of electricity;

"electric transport undertaking" means an undertaking for supplying transport by means of electrically propelled vehicles;

" farmer’s goods vehicle" means a goods vehicle registered under this Act in the name of a person engaged in agriculture and used on public roads solely by him for the purpose of the conveyance of the produce of, or of articles required for the purposes of, the agricultural land which he occupies, and for no other purpose;

" gas ", except for the purpose of the definition of "tower wagon " and " gas undertaking ", means any fuel which is wholly gaseous at a temperature of sixty degrees Fahrenheit under a pressure of thirty inches of mercury;

" gas undertaking" means an undertaking for supplying gas or for supplying light by means of gas;

1949

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

Ch. 89

1855

"goods vehicle" means a mechanically propelled vehicle (including a tricycle weighing more than eight hundredweight unladen) constructed or adapted for use and used for the conveyance of goods or burden of any description, whether in the course of trade or otherwise;

" hackney carriage" means a mechanically propelled vehicle standing or plying for hire, and includes any mechanically propelled vehicle let for hire by a person whose trade it is to sell mechanically propelled vehicles or to let mechanically propelled vehicles for hire, provided that the vehicle is not let for a period amounting to three months or more;

44 local authority’s watering vehicle" means a goods vehicle used solely within the area of a local authority by that local authority, or by any person acting in pursuance of a contract with that local authority, for the purpose of cleansing or watering roads or cleansing gulleys;

44 the Minister" means the Minister of Transport;

44 police authority " includes the receiver for the metropolitan police district;

44 prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister under this Act;

44 public road" means a road which is repairable at the public expense;

44 road construction machinery" means a machine or contrivance suitable for use for the construction or repair of roads;

44 road construction vehicle" means a vehicle constructed or adapted for use for the conveyance of road construction machinery built in as part of the vehicle or otherwise permanently attached thereto, and not constructed or adapted for the conveyance of any other load except articles and material used for the purposes of the road construction machinery;

44 showman’s goods vehicle" means a showman’s vehicle which is a goods vehicle and is permanently fitted with a living van or some other special type of body or superstructure, forming part of the equipment of the show of the person in whose name the vehicle is registered under this Act;

44 showman’s trailer" means a trailer drawn by a showman’s goods vehicle and used solely for the purposes of his business by the person in whose name the vehicle is registered under this Act;

1856

Ch. 89

Vehicles (

Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Application to Scotland.

Temporary modifications of Act.

Repeals and savings.

" showman’s vehicle" means a vehicle registered under this

Act in the name of a person following the business of

a travelling showman and used solely by him for the

purposes of his business and for no other purpose;

" tower wagon" means a goods vehicle—

(a) which is used for the purposes of an electricity undertaking, gas undertaking or electric transport undertaking, and for no other purpose; and

(b) into which there is built, as part of the vehicle, a telescopic contrivance designed for facilitating the erection, inspection, repair or maintenance of overhead structures or equipment; and

(c) which is neither constructed nor adapted for use nor used for the conveyance of any load, except such a contrivance and articles used in connection therewith;

" trade licence ", " general trade licence ", and " limited trade licence " have the meanings assigned to them by section ten of this Act;

" tricycle " includes a motor scooter and a tricycle with an • attachment for propelling it by mechanical power.

(2) A mechanically propelled vehicle shall not be deemed to be an electrically propelled vehicle within the meaning of this Act unless the electrical motive power is derived either from a source external to the vehicle or from any electrical storage battery which is not connected to any source of power when the vehicle is in motion.

28. In the application of this Act to Scotland, references to a county shall, except in this section, be deemed to include references to a burgh within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, containing a population according to the census for the time being last taken of or exceeding fifty thousand, and every other burgh shall be deemed to form part of the county within which it is situatecf, and the expression " county council " shall be construed accordingly.

29. The foregoing provisions of this Act shall have effect subject to the modifications set out in the Sixth Schedule to this Act, being modifications which are temporary in duration. 30

30. —(1) The enactments specified in the first and second columns of the Seventh Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in relation thereto in the third column of that Schedule.

1949

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

Ch. 89

1857

(2) Every Order in Council, order or regulation made or licence issued under any enactment repealed by this Act shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, continue in force and have effect as if made or issued under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) Any register kept or vehicle registered under the Roads Act, 1920, shall be deemed to have been kept or registered under this Act, and any number or identification mark assigned to a vehicle under the Roads Act, 1920, or under the Motor Car Act, 1903, shall, if it was the registered number or the proper mark for the vehicle at the commencement of this Act, be deemed to have been assigned to the vehicle under this Act.

(4) In subsection (7) of section two of the Finance Act, 1935, as amended by section eight of the Finance Act, 1942, and section eight of the Finance Act, 1947, the reference to subparagraphs (a), (b), (bb), and (c) of paragraph 4 of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920, shall be construed as a reference to paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and id) of subsection (2) of section four of this Act, and, so long as the said section eight of the Finance Act, 1942, is in force, the reference in the said subsection (7) to sub-paragraph id) of the said paragraph 4 shall be construed as a reference to paragraph (e) of the said sub-section (2).

(5) Any document referring to any enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(6) Nothing in this Act shall require any fee or charge to be paid which would not have been payable if this Act had not been passed.

(7) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

31.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty.

Short title, extent and commencement.

1858

Ch. 89

Section 2.

Vehicles (Excise) 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Rates of Duty on Vehicles not exceeding 8 cwt. in weight

UNLADEN CHARGEABLE UNDER SECTION 2 OF THIS ACT

Part I

General rates of duty

Rate of Duty

Description of vehicle Initial Additional if used for drawing trailer or side-car

1. Bicycles (other than bicycles which are electrically propelled) of which the cylinder capacity of the engine— £ s. d. £ s. d.

(a) does not exceed ISO cubic centimetres... (b) exceeds 150 cubic centimetres but does 17 6 1 5 0

not exceed 250 cubic centimetres ... 1 17 6 15 0

(c) exceeds 250 cubic centimetres 3 15 0 1 5 0

2. Bicycles which are electrically propelled ... 3. Tricycles neither constructed nor adapted for use nor used for the carriage of a driver or 17 6 1 5 0

passenger 2 0 0 —

4. Other tricycles 5. Vehicles other than mowing machines, being vehicles with more than three wheels neither constructed nor adapted for use nor used for 5 0 0

the carriage of a driver or passenger 3 0 0

Part II

Reduced duty on certain bicycles

Where the cylinder capacity of the engine of a bicycle exceeds two hundred and fifty cubic centimetres and the bicycle—

(a) is one in respect of which a licence was taken out before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-three; and

(b) does not exceed two hundred and twenty-four pounds in weight unladen;

the bicycle shall be treated, for the purpose of Part I of this Schedule, as if the cylinder capacity of the engine thereof did not exceed two hundred and fifty cubic centimetres but exceeded one hundred and fifty cubic centimetres.

1949 Vehicles ( Ch. 89

Act. 1949

SECOND SCHEDULE Seaton 3.

Rates of Duty on Hackney Carriages chargeable under SECTION 3 OF THIS ACT

Seating capacity of vehicle Rate of duty

1. Description of vehicle 2. Exceeding 3. Not exceeding 4. Initial 5. ' Additional for each person in excess of the number in column 2

l £ s. d. £ s. d.

1. Hackney carriages being tramcars 15 0

2. Other hackney 4 persons 10 0 0

carriages. 4 persons 8 persons 12 0 0 —

8 persons 26 persons 12 0 0 2 0 0

26 persons 32 persons 48 0 0 1 12 0

32 persons 57 12 0 1 4 0

1859

1860

Ch. 89

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

12.13 & 14 Geo. 6

Section 4.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Rates of Duty on Tractors, etc., chargeable under SECTION 4 OF THIS ACT

1. Description of vehicle Weight unladen of vehicle Rate of duty

2. Exceeding 3. Not exceeding 4. Initial 5. Additional for each ton or part of a ton in excess of the weight in column 2

1. Vehicles mentioned in section 4 (2) (a) of this Act. — — £ s. d. 5 0 £ s. d.

2. Vehicles mentioned in section 4 (2) (b) of this Act. _ _ 5 0

3. Vehicles mentioned in section 4 (2) (c) of this Act. — — 5 0 —

4. Vehicles mentioned in section 4 (2) (d) of this Act. — — 5 0

5. Vehicles mentioned in section 4 (2) (e) of this Act. 3 tons 10 tons 3 tons 10 tons 12 0 0 20 0 0 20 0 0 2 0 0

6. Vehicles mentioned in section 4 (2) (/) of this Act. other than showmen's vehicles. 2 tons 4 tons 6 tons 7J tons 8 tons 2 tons 4 tons 6 tons 7$ tons 8 tons 23 0 0 40 0 0 55 0 0 70 0 0 85 0 0 85 0 0 15 0 0

7. Vehicles mentioned in section 4 (2) (f) of this Act, being showmen's vehicles. 7$ tons 8 tons 10 tons 7i tons 8 tons 10 tons 25 0 0 30 0 0 35 0 0 35 0 0 5 0 0

1949

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

Ch. 89

1861

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Rates of Duty on Goods Vehicles chargeable under

SECTION 5 OF THIS ACT

Part I

General Rates of Duty

1. Description of vehicle Weight unladen of vehicle Rate of Duty

2. Exceeding 3. ' Not exceeding 4. Initial 5. Additional for each i ton or part of a i ton in excess of the weight* in column 2

£ s. d. £ s. d.

1. Electrically propelled goods — 12 cwt 10 0 0 —

vehicles, including tower 12cwt. 16 cwt. 12 10 0 —

wagons whether electrically 16 CWL 1 ton 13 0 0 —

propelled or not but not 1 ton 2 tons 13 0 0 1 5 0

including fanners* goods 2 tons 3 tons 20 0 0 2 10 0

vehicles, showmen's goods 3 tons 6 tons 30 0 0 1 5 0

vehicles or local authori- 6 tons — 43 0 0 2 10 0

ties* watering vehicles.

2. Goods vehicles which are 12 cwt 10 0 0

propelled by steam or are 12 cwt 16 cwt. 12 10 0 —

constructed or adapted to 16 cwt. 1 ton IS 0 0 —

use gas as fuel, other than 1 ton 3 tons 15 0 0 2 10 0

fanners* goods vehicles. 3 tons 4 tons 35 0 0 3 15 0

showmen’s goods vehicles 4 tons 6 tons 50 0 0 5 0 0

or local authorities* water- 6 tons — 90 0 0 3 15 0

ing vehicles.

3. Farmers’ goods vehicles. 12 cwt. 10 0 0 —

12 cwt. 16 cwt. 10 10 0 —

16 cwt 1 ton 11 0 0 —

1 ton 2} tons 11 0 0 10 0

2\ tons 3 tons 14 0 0 1 0 0

3 tons — 16 0 0 10 0

4. Showmen's goods vehicles. 12 cwt 10 0 0

12 cwt. 16 cwL 11 0 0 —

16 cwt. 1 ton 12 0 0 —

1 ton — 12 0 0 1 0 0

5. Local authorities* watering - li tons 6 0 0

vehicles which are electrically 1$ tons 2 tons 6 0 0 2 6 8

propelled. 2 tons 3 tons 13 0 0 15 0

3 tons 4 tons 16 0 0 16 0

4 tons 3 tons 19 4 0 12 0

5 tons — 24 0 0 —

Section S.

1862

Ch. 89

Vehicles C Excise) 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Weight unladen of vehicle Rate of Duty

1. Description of vehicle 2. Exceeding 3. Not exceeding 4. Initial 5. Additional for each 1 ton or part of a 1 ton in excess of the weight in column 2

6. Local authorities* watering 12 cwt. £ s. d. 10 0 0 £ s. d.

vehicles which are not elec- 12cwt. 16 cwt. 12 10 0 —

trically propelled. 16 cwt. 1 ton 15 0 0 —

1 ton 2 tons 15 0 0 2 10 0

2 tons 21 tons 25 0 0 1 10 0

21 tons 3 tons 28 0 0 2 0 0

3 tons 4 tons 32 0 0 1 12 0

4 tons 5 tons 38 8 0 1 4 0

3 tons — 48 0 0 —

7. Goods vehicles not in- — 12 cwt 10 0 0

cluded in any of the foregoing 12 cwt. 16 cwt. 12 10 0 . —

provisions of this Part of 16 cwt. 1 ton 15 0 0 —

this Schedule. 1 ton 3 tons 15 0 0 2 10 0

3 tons 4 tons 35 0 0 3 15 0

4 tons — 50 0 0 5 0 0

Part n

Rates of Duty on Goods Vehicles used for Drawing Trailers

1. Weight unladen of vehicle 4.

Description of vehicle 2. Exceeding 3. Not exceeding Rate of duty

1. Showmen's goods vehicles used for drawing showmen’s trailers £ s. d. 10 0 0

2. Local authorities* watering vehicles — — 6 0 0

3. Other goods vehicles... tons 10 0 0

2\ tons 4 tons 4 tons 15 0 0 20 0 0

1949

Vehicles (Excise)

Act, 1949

Ch. 89

1863

FIFTH SCHEDULE Section 6.

Rates of Duty on Vehicles chargeable under section 6 of this Act

Description of Vehicle Rate of Duty

£ s. d.

1. Electrically propelled vehicles 2. Other vehicles— 7 10 0

(a) If registered under the Roads Act, 1920, for the

first time before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-seven—

(i) Not exceeding 6 horse-power (ii) Exceeding 6 horse-power—For each 7 10 0

unit or part of a unit of horse-power 1 5 0

(6) If registered under the Roads Act, 1920, or this

Act, on or after that day ... 10 0 0

SIXTIf. SCHEDULE Section 29.

Temporary Modifications

1.—(1) Section four of this Act shall in relation to the use on public Relief from duty roads, before the first day of July nineteen hundred and fifty, of a for •a*ric^i?iral locomotive ploughing engine, tractor, agricultural tractor, or other cng,ncs» agricultural engine (being a tractor or engine registered under this Act in the name of a person engaged in agriculture or of a registered agricultural contractor and used primarily for work on land in connection with agriculture) have effect as if for sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (a) of subsection (2) thereof there were substituted the following sub-paragraph—

" (ii) for hauling agricultural produce of, or articles required for, any farm or market garden

(2) In this paragraph the expression " registered agricultural contractor" means a person registered under the Agricultural Contractors (Registration and Control) Orders, 1940, or die Agricultural Contractors (Registration and Control) (Scotland) Order, 1941.

(3) The reference in subsection (4) of section thirty of this Act to paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section four of this Act shall, in relation to the vehicles and the period mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, be construed as a reference to the said paragraph (a) as amended by this paragraph.

1864

Ch. 89

6th Sch.

—cont. Relief from duty for farmer’s goods vehicle.

Exemption from duty in respect of trailers used for refuse collection by local authorities and their contractors.

Partial remission of duty

chargeable under ss. 2 and 6 of this Act.

Vehicles (Excise) 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

2. —(1) Where duty has been paid under subsection (1) of section five of this Act in respect of a vehicle as being a farmer's goods vehicle, duty at a higher rate shall not become chargeable in respect of that vehicle by reason only that, during such periods and in such areas as may be specified by order of the Treasury made by statutory instrument, it is used, whether by the person in whose name it is registered under this Act or not, for any such purpose as is specified in the order.

(2) An order under this paragraph may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order of the Treasury.

(3) This paragraph shall continue in force until such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council determine.

3. —(1) A vehicle shall not be chargeable with duty under subsection (2) of section five of this Act by reason of the use thereof, before such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council determine, by a local authority for drawing trailers used solely in connection with the collection and disposal of refuse.

(2) The last foregoing sub-paragraph shall apply in relation to the use of a vehicle by any person for the purpose of performing a contract with a local authority as it applies in relation to the use of a vehicle by a local authority.

4. —(1) Where, before such date as may be specified by order of the Treasury, a licence under this Act is issued in respect of either—

(a) a vehicle, being a bicycle or a tricycle, which is chargeable with duty under section two of this Act, and which is not constructed or adapted to use as fuel any fuel other than light oils; or

(b) a vehicle chargeable with duty under section six of this Act, which is not constructed or adapted to use as fuel any fuel other than light oils,

and the condition specified in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph is fulfilled, the licence shall be issued on payment of half only of the duty chargeable and the other half of the duty chargeable shall be remitted, but a licence so issued shall become void on that condition ceasing to be fulfilled.

(2) The said condition is that either—

(a) no coupons, except standard ration coupons, have been issued in respect of the vehicle to the person in whose name it is registered under this Act; or

(b) it is certified by a person authorised in that behalf by the Minister of Fuel and Power that every coupon so issued, other than a standard ration coupon, has been delivered up unused to that Minister in accordance with the orders of that Minister for the time being in force in respect of the control of motor fuel; or

(c) the period of validity of every coupon so issued, other than a standard ration coupon or a coupon so certified as aforesaid to have been so delivered up unused, has expired:

1949 Vehicles (Excise) Ch. 89

Act, 1949

Provided that where—

(i) coupons other than standard ration coupons have been so

issued for any period; and

(ii) it is certified by a person authorised as aforesaid that some of those coupons have been delivered up unused as aforesaid before the expiration of that period,

the period of validity of all those coupons shall be treated for the purposes of this paragraph (but not for any other purpose) as expiring on such date as may be specified in the certificate, being the date by which so much only of that period remains as bears to the whole thereof the same proportion as the number of units of fuel covered by the coupons which are delivered up unused bears to the number of units of fuel which were covered by all the said coupons.

(3) On the surrender of a licence in respect of which there has been a remission of duty under this paragraph, the repayment of duty, if any, falling to be made under section twelve of this Act shall be computed by reference to the duty chargeable as diminished by the amount of the remission.

(4) In this paragraph the expressions "coupon* and "standard ration coupon ’* have the same meanings as for the purposes of the orders of the Minister of Fuel and Power from time to time in force in respect of the control of motor fuel and the expression " light oils *’ has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section two of the Finance Act, 1928.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1920 Section thirteen and the Second

c. 18. Schedule.

10 & 11 Geo. S. The Roads Act, 1920 Section one; in paragraph (a) of

c. 72. subsection (4) of section three the words "the levying of the duties, the registration of vehicles, and* and paragraphs (i b) and (e) of that subsection; sections five and six; subsection (8) of section seven; sections eight, nine, eleven, twelve and thirteen; subsection (1) of section fourteen; and in section seventeen the definition of "prescribed and44 police authority". 3 P

1865

6th Sch.

—cont.

Section 30.

1866

Ch. 89

Vehicles (Excise) 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

7th Sch. —corn.

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of Repeal

11 &12 Geo.5. The Finance Act, 1921 Section twenty-two.

c. 32.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1922 Sections fourteen and fifteen.

c. 17.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1924 Section eighteen.

c. 21.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1926 \ Sections thirteen and fourteen

c. 22. and the First Schedule.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1927 Sections eleven and twelve and

c. 10. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1930 the Fourth Schedule. Section six.

c. 28.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. The Road Traffic Act, Section eighty-nine.

c. 43. 21 & 22 Geo. 5. 1930 The Finance Act, 1931 Sections two and four.

c. 28.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1932 Section fourteen.

c. 25.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1933 Sections twenty-five and twenty-

c. 19. 24 & 25 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1934 six and the Seventh Schedule. Section eighteen and the Third

c. 32. 25 & 26 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1935 Schedule. Sections three and four.

c. 24.

26 Geo. 5 & The Finance Act, 1936 Sections nine to thirteen, and

1 Edw. 8. c 34 1 Edw. 8 & The Finance Act, 1937 paragraphs 2 and 4 of Part I of the Third Schedule. Sections seven to nine.

1 Geo. 6.

c. 54. 2 &3 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1939 Sections nine and ten and the

c. 41. 3 & 4 Geo. 6. The Gas and Steam Eighth Schedule. The whole Act.

c. 6. 3 & 4 Geo. 6. Vehicles (Excise Duties) Act, 1940 The Finance Act, 1940 Sections nine and ten.

c. 29.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1943 Sections seven to ten.

c. 28.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Finance (No. 2) Section four; paragraphs (a) and

c. 13. Act, 1945 (b) of subsection (2) of section

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1946 five; section six; and the Second Schedule. Section fourteen and the Second

c. 64. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1947 Schedule. Subsections (1), (2) and (4) of

c. 35. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1948 section eight, and section nine. Sections eighteen and nineteen.

c. 49.

1949 Vehicles (Excise) Ch. 89,90

Act, 1949

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Interpretation Act, 1889 Motor Car Act, 1903 Motor Car (International Circulation) Act, 1909 ... Finance Act, 1920 Roads Act, 1920 Road Traffic Act, 1930 Finance Act, 1935 Finance Act, 1942 Finance Act, 1947 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63. 3 Edw. 7. c. 36. 9 Edw. 7. c. 37. 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 18. 10 All Geo. 5. c. 72. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43. 25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 24. 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 21. 10 All Geo. 6. c.35. 10 All Geo.6. c.43.

CHAPTER 90

Election Commissioners , 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Appointment of and inquiry by election commissioners

Section

1. Appointment of election commissioners.

2. Declaration to be made by commissioners.

3. Meetings of commissioners.

4. Scope and area of inquiries.

5. Witnesses.

6. Proceedings for contempt, etc.

Reports and consequences thereof

7. Reports by election commissioners.

8. Appeals by persons reported guilty of corrupt or illegal practices.

9. Incapacities on report by election commissioners of corrupt or

illegal practice.

10. Disciplinary action on report of corrupt practice.

Financial

11. Appointment of secretary and staff.

12. Remuneration of commissioners.

13. Expenses of the inquiry.

Supplemental

14. Protection of commissioners.

15. Rules of procedure.

16. Provisions as to Director of public prosecutions.

17. Service of notices.

18. Computation of time.

19. Interpretation.

20. Saving for Northern Ireland.

21. Repeal and savings.

22. Short title, citation and commencement.

Schedule.—Repeals.

3 P 2

1867

1868

Ch. 90

Election Commissioners 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

An Act to consolidate certain e: 1

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Appointment of and inquiry by election commissioners

Appointment 1.—(1) Election commissioners may be appointed in accord-

or election ance with the following provisions of this section to inquire into commissioners. existence of corrupt and illegal practices at parliamentary

elections.

(2) If, upon the happening of one of the following events, that is to say—

(a) an election court reports on the trial of an election peti-

tion that corrupt practices have, or that there is reason to believe that corrupt practices have, extensively prevailed in any constituency at the election to which the petition relates;

(b) a committee of the House of Commons appointed to

inquire into the existence of corrupt practices at parliamentary elections for any constituency report to that House that corrupt practices have, or that there is reason to believe that corrupt practices have, extensively prevailed at any parliamentary election for that constituency;

(c) a petition, presented to the House of Commons within

the time specified in the next following subsection and signed by two or more electors for the constituency to which the petition relates, alleges that corrupt practices have, or that there is reason to believe that corrupt practices have, extensively prevailed at the then last election for that constituency;

an Address is presented to His Majesty by both Houses of Parliament praying that an inquiry should be held by persons named in the Address into the matters reported or alleged. His Majesty may by warrant under the Sign Manual, appoint those persons election commissioners to inquire into the existence of corrupt and illegal practices in the constituency in question at the election to which the petition or report relates or, where the report of a committee of the House of Commons relates to two or more elections, at the latest of those elections.

(3) A petition under paragraph (c) of the last foregoing section must be presented either—

(a) within twenty-one days after the return to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery or the Clerk of the Crown

election commissioners.

1949

Election Commissioners

Act, 1949

Ch. 90

1869

for Northern Ireland, as the case may be, of the name of the member for the constituency to which the petition relates; or

(b) within fourteen days after the meeting of Parliament.

(4) The persons to be appointed election commissioners shall be barristers, or (where the inquiry relates to a constituency in Scotland) advocates, of not less than seven years standing, but shall not be members of Parliament or hold any office or place of profit under the Crown, other than that of a recorder of any city or borough.

(5) If any of the election commissioners appointed to hold an inquiry under this Act dies, resigns or for any other reason becomes incapable of acting, the remaining commissioners or commissioner may act in the inquiry as if they or he had been the only commissioners or commissioner appointed and, in the case of a sole remaining commissioner, as if this Act had authorised the appointment of a sole commissioner; and any reference in the following provisions of this Act to election commissioners shall be construed accordingly.

2. —(1) Every election commissioner shall before acting as Declaration

such make the following declaration:— to be by

commissioners.

" I, , solemnly promise and declare that

I will truly and faithfully execute the powers and trusts vested in me by the Election Commissioners Act, 1949, according to the best of my knowledge and judgment.*'

(2) The declaration shall be made before a judge of the High Court, or of the Court of Session, or of the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland, according as the constituency to which the inquiry relates is in England or Wales, or Scotland, or Northern Ireland.

3. —(1) Election commissioners shall, on their appointment Meetings of or within a reasonable time thereafter, go to the constituency commissK)ners-to which the inquiry relates.

(2) They shall publish notice of their appointment and of the time and place of their first meeting in a newspaper in general circulation in the constituency or its neighbourhood.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, they shall hold meetings for the purposes of the inquiry at some convenient place in the constituency or within ten miles thereof, and may in their discretion adjourn the meetings from time to time and from one place to another in the constituency or within ten miles thereof.

1870

Scope and area of inquiries.

Witnesses.

Ch. 90 Election Commissioners 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(4) They may also, with the consent of the Secretary of State, hold meetings in the City of London or the City of Westminster and may in their discretion adjourn those meetings.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in this section, they shall not adjourn the inquiry for any period exceeding one week without the consent of the Secretary of State.

4. —(1) Election commissioners shall inquire by such lawful means as they think best into the election in relation to which they were appointed in order to ascertain whether any corrupt or illegal practices have been committed thereat and, if so,—

(a) what corrupt or illegal practices have been committed

and by whom they were committed; and

(b) in the case of bribery, the particulars of each act of

bribery and which of the persons committing bribery were electors or proxies for electors.

(2) If, but only if, election commissioners find that corrupt or illegal practices have been committed at an election in any constituency, they may inquire into the latest previous election for the same constituency and so in like manner from election to election as far back as they think fit.

(3) The power of election commissioners under the last foregoing subsection to inquire into the latest previous election for the same constituency shall, where a change of boundaries has intervened, include power to inquire into the latest election before the change for any constituency of which the area at that election included the whole or part of that of the first-mentioned constituency as constituted for the purpose of the election at which the corrupt or illegal practices are found to have been committed:

Provided that, where there has been more than one change of boundary, the commissioners shall not inquire into an election for a constituency of which the area at that election did not include some part of the area of the constituency in relation to which they were appointed as constituted for the purposes of the election in relation to which they were appointed.

5. —(1) Election commissioners may, by a summons under their hands and seals or the hand and seal of any one of them, order—

(a) any person whose evidence in the opinion of the commissioners may be relevant to the subject matter of the inquiry to attend before them at a place mentioned in the summons and at a time so mentioned, being a reasonable time from the date of the summons; and

1949

Election Commissioners

Act, 1949

Ch. 90

1871

(b) any person to produce any document in his possession or under his control which in the opinion of the commissioners may be necessary for the purposes of the inquiry.

(2) Election commissioners may administer oaths to witnesses called before them.

(3) Subsections (7), (9) and (10) of section one hundred and twenty-three of the Representation of the People Act, 1949 (which relate to the obligation of witnesses to answer on being called before an election court, the inadmissibility of their evidence in subsequent proceedings and certificates of indemnity) shall apply in relation to witnesses called before election commissioners as they apply in relation to witnesses called before an election court.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the said subsection (7), where a solicitor who has acted for a party to an election petition has not taken any part or been concerned in the election to which the petition relates, election commissioners inquiring into the election shall not be entitled to examine him about matters which came to his knowledge by reason only of his being concerned as solicitor for a party to that petition.

(5) Election commissioners may in their discretion allow any witness called before them a reasonable sum for his travelling expenses and maintenance, according to a scale to be fixed by the Treasury, and shall certify to the Treasury the name of each witness, together with the sum (if any) allowed to him; and any sum so allowed shall be paid to the witness to whom it has been allowed as part of the expenses of the inquiry.

6.—(1) If any person duly ordered to attend before election Proceedings commissioners fails to comply with the order, the commissioners for contempt, may certify the fact, under their hands and seals or under the ctc* hand and seal of any one of them, to the High Court, the Court of Session or the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland, as the case may require.

(2) Upon receipt of the certificate, the court shall proceed against die person failing to attend before election commissioners in the same manner as if he had failed to comply with a writ of subpoena or other process issuing out of the court.

(3) If any person—

(a) attends before election commissioners but refuses to be sworn or to answer any question which may be put to him by the commissioners or to produce any document in his possession or under his control; or

1872 Ch. 90 Election Commissioners 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(6) is guilty of any other contempt of election commissioners;

the commissioners shall have the same powers as are by law for the time being exercisable in that behalf by a judge of the High Court or of the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland, sitting under any Commission, or by a judge of the Court of Session.

(4) All constables, gaolers and bailiffs shall give their assistance to election commissioners in the execution of their duty.

4Reports and consequences thereof

Reports by 7.—(1) Election commissioners shall report to His Majesty a

election statement of the evidence taken by them and their findings there-

commissioners. on^ an(j in particular shall report the names of all persons (if any) whom they find to have been guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice at the election into which they have been inquiring and whether those persons have been furnished with certificates of indemnity, and shall also include in their report a statement of any other matters the inclusion of which would, in their opinion, contribute to a better knowledge and understanding of the events of, and conduct of all persons during, the election.

(2) Before any person is reported by election commissioners to have been guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice, the commissioners shall cause notice to be given to him, and if he appears in pursuance of the notice, shall give him an opportunity of being heard by himself and of calling evidence in his defence to show why he should not be so reported.

(3) Every report made by election commissioners shall be laid before Parliament within one month after the making of the report or, if Parliament is not then sitting, within one month after the next meeting of Parliament.

(4) Where election commissioners have reported that certain persons have been guilty of corrupt or illegal practices, the report (together with the evidence on which it was based) shall be laid before the Attorney General with a view to his instituting or directing a prosecution against such persons as have not received certificates of indemnity, if the evidence should, in his opinion, be sufficient to support a prosecution.

The reference in this subsection to the Attorney General shall be construed, in relation to Scotland, as a reference to the Lord Advocate and, in relation to Northern Ireland, as a reference to the Attorney General for Northern Ireland.

1949

Election Commissioners

Act, 1949

Ch. 90

1873

8.—(1) Every person reported by election commissioners to Appeals by have been guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice at an election may appeal against the report to the next court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery held in and for the county or place corrupt or in which the offence is afleged to have been committed. illegal

practices.

(2) Subject to rules of court, an appeal under this section may be brought, heard and determined in like manner as if the court were a court of quarter sessions and the commissioners were a court of summary jurisdiction and as if the person reported had been convicted by a court of summary jurisdiction.

(3) Notice of every appeal under this section shall be given to the Director of public prosecutions in the manner and within the time prescribed by rules of court, or, if no time is so prescribed, within three days after the appeal is brought.

The reference in this subsection to the Director of public prosecutions shall be construed, in relation to Scotland, as a reference to the Lord Advocate and, in relation to Northern Ireland, as a reference to the Attorney General of Northern Ireland.

(4) Where it appears to the Lord Chancellor that appeals under this section are interfering, or are likely to interfere, with the ordinary business transacted before any courts of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery he may direct that the appeals, or any of them, shall be heard by die judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of election petitions; and in that case one of those judges shall go to the county or place in which the offence is alleged to have been committed, and shall there hear and determine the appeal in like manner as if he constituted a court of oyer and terminer.

The reference in this subsection to the Lord Chancellor shall be construed, in relation to Scotland, as a reference to the Lord Justice General and, in relation to Northern Ireland, as a reference to the Governor of Northern Ireland.

(5) The provisions of Part III of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, with respect to the powers of an election court, the reception of and attendance on the election judges, and die expenses of receiving and accommodating them and of providing a court, shall apply in relation to the judge hearing an appeal by virtue of the last foregoing subsection as they apply in relation to an election court and election judges.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland, any reference to a court of oyer and terminer or to a court of quarter sessions shall be taken as a reference to a circuit court of Justiciary.

3 P*

1874

Incapacities on report by election commissioners of corrupt or illegal practice.

Disciplinary action on report of corrupt practice.

Ch. 90 Election Commissioners 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

9. —(1) Subject to the provisions of section one hundred and fifty-two of the Representation of the People Act, 1949 (which provides for the mitigation and remission on a subsequent prosecution of incapacities imposed on report) and to the following provisions of this section,—

(a) a person reported by election commissioners guilty of

a corrupt practice shall be subject to the incapacities imposed by subsection (3) of section one hundred and forty of that Act as if at the date of the report he had been reported by an election court personally guilty of that corrupt practice; and

(b) a person reported by election commissioners guilty of

an illegal practice shall be subject to the incapacities imposed by subsection (4) of the said section one hundred and forty as if at the date of the report he had been reported by an election court personally guilty of that illegal practice.

(2) The report of election commissioners inquiring into an election shall not avoid the election of any candidate who has been declared by an election court on the trial of a petition relating to that election to have been duly elected thereat, or render him incapable of sitting in the House of Commons for the constituency for which that election was held during the Parliament for which he was elected.

(3) Where a person convicted of a corrupt or illegal practice is subsequently reported to have been guilty thereof by election commissioners, no further incapacity shall be imposed on him by reason of the report.

(4) Where any person is subject to any incapacity by virtue of the report of election commissioners and any witness who gives evidence against that person upon the proceeding for the report is convicted of perjury in respect of that evidence, the incapacitated person may apply to the High Court, the Court of Session or the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland, as the case may require, and the Court, if satisfied that the report so far as respects that person was based on perjury, may order that the incapacity shall thenceforth cease.

(5) The jurisdiction vested by the last foregoing subsection in the High Court or the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland shall, subject to rules of court, be exercised by one of the judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of election petitions either in court or chambers, or by a Master of the Supreme Court in manner directed by and subject to an appeal to the said judges. 10 *

10. —(1) Section one hundred and forty-one of the Repre-

sentation of the People Act, 1949 (which provides for discip-

linary action where an election court reports that a justice of the peace or professional person has been reported guilty of

1949

Election Commissioners

Act, 1949

Ch. 90

1875

a corrupt practice or where it appears to an election court that a person holding a licence or certificate under the Licensing Acts has knowingly suffered bribery or treating to take place upon his licensed premises) shall have effect as if any reference therein to an election court included a reference to election commissioners, but before election commissioners make any report under subsection (3) of that section, they shall afford the person to whom the report relates such rights as are conferred on those about to be reported under subsection (2) of section seven of this Act.

(2) Where election commissioners are satisfied that a corrupt practice has been committed by a justice of the peace, a professional person or any person holding a licence or certificate under the Licensing Acts, they shall report die case to the Director of public prosecutions with such information as is necessary or proper for enabling him to act under this Act or under section one hundred and forty-one of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, as extended by this section.

The reference in this subsection to the Director of public prosecutions shall be construed, in relation to Scotland, as a reference to the Lord Advocate and, in relation to Northern Ireland, as a reference to the Attorney General of Northern Ireland.

(3) In this section the expression " professional person" means a barrister, advocate or solicitor, or any person who belongs to any profession the admission to which is regulated by law.

Financial

11. —(1) Election commissioners may for the purposes of an Appointment inquiry under this Act appoint a secretary and such other officers of secretory as the Secretary of State thinks necessary, and may pay those 8taff-officers such salaries and allowances as the Treasury think reasonable.

(2) Every officer appointed by the commissioners shall hold office during the pleasure of the commissioners.

12. —(1) At the conclusion of the inquiry, election com- Remuneration missioners shall forward to the Treasury a statement of the of number of days on which they have been actually employed in commiss,oners-the inquiry together with an account of each commissioner’s travelling and other expenses.

(2) There shall be paid to each election commissioner such remuneration as the Treasury think fit together with a sum in respect of his travelling and other expenses, and any sums so paid shall be deemed part of the expenses of the inquiry. 13

13. —(1) The expenses of an inquiry under this Act shall be Expenses of paid by the local authority liable to pay registration expenses the inciuiry-for the constituency to which the inquiry relates, but that

3 P* 2

1876 Ch. 90 Election Commissioners 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

authority shall be entitled to the like contribution (if any) from any other local authority, and any such contribution shall be paid in the like manner, as if they were registration expenses:

Provided that the expenses of an inquiry relating to a constituency in Northern Ireland shall be paid by the council of any county or county borough in which that constituency is wholly or partly situated and, where more than one council is concerned, shall be paid by them in such proportion as the Secretary of State may direct; and any expenses payable by virtue of this proviso—

(a) by a county council shall be paid out of the poor rate

as a county at large charge;

(b) by the council of a county borough shall be paid out

of the rate or fund out of which general expenses of the council are paid.

(2) The Treasury may make advances to the election commissioners out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing produce thereof, of such amounts as may be required for the payment of the expenses of an inquiry under this Act.

(3) Any advance made by the Treasury under the last foregoing subsection may be recovered from the authority liable for the expenses in respect of which the advance was made upon a requisition of the Treasury, or by deduction from any sums payable to the said authority under Part I of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, or in any other manner.

The requisition shall state the amount of each advance, and shall be conclusive evidence of the amount stated and of the payment thereof by the Treasury.

Supplemental

Protcction'of 14. Election commissioners shall have the same protection commissioners. an(j privileges in the case of actions brought against them in respect of their acts or omissions in the execution of their duty as are conferred by any enactment for the time* being in force in the part of the United Kingdom in question on justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

Rules of 15.—(1) The authority having for the time being power to

procedure. make rules of court for the Supreme Court may make rules for the purpose of subsections (3) and (4) of section five, subsection (2) of section seven and sections eight, nine, ten and seventeen of this Act.

(2) The power conferred by the foregoing subsection to make rules shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and be treated for the purposes of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, as if conferred on a Minister of the Crown, and a statutory instrument

1949

Election Commissioners

Act, 1949

CH.90

1877

containing rules under the foregoing subsection shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) In Scotland the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply, but the Court of Session shall have power to make acts of sederunt for the purposes of the enactments mentioned in subsection (1) of this section:

Provided that the High Court of Justiciary may make acts of adjournal for the purpose of regulating the procedure in appeals to the circuit court under section eight of this Act.

(4) The power conferred by the last foregoing subsection to make acts of sederunt and acts of adjournal shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and be treated for the purposes of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, as if conferred on a Minister of the Crown.

(5) Subsection (2) of this section shall not apply in relation to Northern Ireland, but any rules under subsection (1) of this section relating to Northern Ireland shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House of Parliament within a period of forty days, beginning with the day on which any such rules are laid before it, resolves that the rules be annulled, they shall thereupon become void, without prejudice, however, to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new rules.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not apply to the said rules. 16 17

16. The Director of public prosecutions in performing any duty under this Act shall act in accordance with regulations under the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879, and subject thereto in accordance with the directions (if any) given to him by the Attorney-General, and any assistant or representative of the Director of public prosecutions in performing any duty under this Act shall act in accordance with the said regulations and directions (if any) and with the directions given to him by the Director of public prosecutions.

This section shall not apply in Scotland or Northern Ireland.

17. —(1) Any summons, notice of document required to be served on any person with reference to any proceeding respecting an election for the purpose of causing him to appear before election commissioners or of giving him an opportunity of showing cause or being heard by himself before election commissioners for any purpose of this Act may be served by

Provisions as to Director of public prosecutions.

Service of notices.

1878 Ch. 90 Election Commissioners 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

, 1949

delivering it to that person, or by leaving it at, or sending it by post by registered letter to, his last known place of abode in the constituency, or in such other manner as the commissioners may direct.

(2) In proving service by post under this section it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter was prepaid, properly addressed and registered with the Post Office.

Computation 18.—(1) Where the day or last day on which anything is

of time. required or permitted to be done by subsection (3) of section one of this Act or by. rules of court made in pursuance of this Act is any of the days mentioned in the following subsection, the requirement or permission shall be deemed to relate to the first day thereafter which is not one of those days, and in computing any period of not more than seven days for the purposes of subsection (3) of section eight of this Act or of rules of court made in pursuance of this Act any of the days so mentioned shall be disregarded.

(2) The days referred to in the foregoing subsection are any Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, any bank holiday under the Bank Holidays Act, 1871, and any day appointed for public thanksgiving or mourning.

Interpretation. 19.—(1) In this Act the following expressions shall, unless

the context otherwise requires, have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

44 Attorney General " includes the Solicitor General in cases where the Attorney General is interested or otherwise unable to act;

44 election court" means the judges presiding at the trial of an election petition;

44 election petition" means a petition questioning a parliamentary election or return presented in pursuance of Part III of the Representation of the People Act, 1949;

44 elector ", in relation to an election, means any person whose name is for the time being on the register to be used at that election;

"Licensing Acts" means the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910 and the acts amending that Act, or the corresponding enactments forming part of the law of Scotland or Northern Ireland.

(2) Every corrupt practice within the meaning of the Representation of the People Act, 1949, committed in reference to a parliamentary election shall be a corrupt practice within the

1949 Election Commissioners Ch. 90

AcU 1949

meaning of this Act, and every illegal practice within the meaning of that Act so committed shall be an illegal practice within the meaning of this Act.

(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, be taken as referring to that enactment as amended by any other enactment.

20. Nothing in this Act shall affect the law relating to the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

21. —(1) The enactments set out in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpretation Act, 1889, this subsection shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any instrument made or other thing whatsoever done under any enactment repealed by this Act, and every such instrument or other thing shall continue in force, and so far as it could have been made or done under this Act shall have effect as if made or done, under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any incapacity imposed by virtue of any enactment repealed by this Act and any such incapacity shall for the purposes of this Act be treated as having been imposed by virtue of the corresponding provision of this Act.

(4) Where under any Act passed before this Act there is power to affect Acts passed or in force before a particular time and that power would, but for the passing of this Act, have included power to change the law which is reproduced in this Act, then that power shall include power to make such provision as will secure the like change in the law as reproduced in this Act notwithstanding that this Act is not an Act passed or in force before that time and notwithstanding that the terms of this Act, apart from this subsection, are not such as to render that power applicable.

(5) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment in this Act.

22«—(1) This Act may be cited as the Election Commissioners Act, 1949, and shall be included among the Acts which may be cited as the Representation of the People Acts.

(2) This Act shall come into force for the purposes of the first general election after the passing of this Act.

1879

Saving for

Northern

Ireland.

Repeal and savings.

Short title, citation and commencement.

1880

Ch. 90

Section 21.

Election Commissioners 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

SCHEDULE

Repeals

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Vict, c. 57.

31 & 32 Vict, c. 125.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 21.

The Election Commissioners Act, 1852.

The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868.

The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act,

The whole Act.

Sections three, fifteen and fifty-six.

The whole Act.

1869.

46 & 47 Vict, c. 51.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 50.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The Expiring Laws Act, 1922.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Representation of the c. 65. People Act, 1948.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. The Representation of the c. 68. People Act, 1949.

The whole Act except section forty-two.

In Part I of the First Schedule, the provision relating to the Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869.

In section fifty-two, subsection (5).

In section fifty-three, subsection (3).

Section fifty-four.

In the Tenth Schedule, in Part I, paragraph 5; and in Part II, paragraph 5.

In the Eighth Schedule, sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1; in paragraph 3, the proviso; paragraph 4; and in paragraph 5, so much of sub-paragraph (1) as relates to paragraph 5 of Part II of the Tenth Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1948.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Bank Holidays Act, 1871 Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879 Rules Publication Act, 1893 Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910 Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 Representation of the People Act, 1949 34 & 35 Vict. c. 17. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 22. 56 & 57 Vict. c. 66. 10 Edw. 7 & 1 Geo. 5. c. 24. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 68.

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

1881

CHAPTER 91

Air Corporations , 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Constitution of the corporations

Section

1. The Air Corporations.

2. Constitution of the corporations.

Functions of the corporations

3. Functions of the corporations.

4. Appointment of committees.

5. General powers of Minister in relation to the corporations.

6. Use of aircraft registered in His Majesty’s dominions.

7. Corporations not to be exempt from taxation, etc.

Borrowing powers

8. Borrowing powers of the corporations.

9. Provisions as to stock of the corporations.

10. Power of Treasury to guarantee stock and temporary loans of

the corporations.

11. Transfers of guaranteed stock to be free of stamp duty.

12. Limitation of the borrowing powers of the corporations.

Exchequer grants

13. Exchequer grants to the corporations.

14. Revision of Exchequer grants to the corporations.

15. Exchequer grants to associates of the corporations.

16. Limitation of Exchequer grants.

17. Expenses and receipts of Minister.

General financial provisions

18. Reserve funds.

19. Application of revenues.

Staff, wages, pensions, etc.

20. Terms and conditions of employment of staff, etc.

21. Pensions, etc.

Accounts, reports and information

22. Accounts and audit.

23. Annual report and periodical returns.

Reservation of certain air services to the corporations and their associates

24. Reservation of certain air services to the corporations and their

associates.

25. Power of Minister to require information.

Special powers in case of emergency

26. Special powers in case of emergency.

Ch. 91

1882

Air Corporations 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Transitional provisions relating to merger of British South American Airways Corporation and British Overseas Airways Corporation

Section

27. Merger of British South American Airways Corporation and

British Overseas Airways Corporation.

28. Stock and loans.

29. Disposal of excess revenue.

30. Accounts, etc.

31. Supplementary.

Transitional provisions relating to the acquisition of certain undertakings by British Overseas Airways Corporation

32. Transitional provisions relating to the acquisition of certain under-

takings by British Overseas Airways Corporation.

33. Exemption from stamp duty;

Transitory provisions as to superannuation, etc,

34. Pension and superannuation schemes of vendor companies.

35. Superannuation schemes already established by British Overseas

Airways Corporation.

Supplemental

36. Provisions as to offences.

37. Regulations and order.

38. Interpretation.

39. General application to Northern Ireland.

40. Application to Channel Islands and Isle of Man.

41. Repeal and savings.

42. Short title.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Supplementary Provisions as to the

Corporations.

Second Schedule.—Provisions as to Pensions and Superannuation Schemes of Vendor Companies.

Part I—Pensions Scheme of Imperial Airways Limited. Part II—Superannuation Scheme of British Airways Limited.

Third Schedule.—Repeals.

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to the constitution and functions of the British Overseas Airways Corporation, the British European Airways Corporation and the British South American Airways Corporation.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Constitution of the corporations

The Air l.—(1) There shall be two corporations to be known as " the

Corporations. British Overseas Airways Corporation " and " the British European Airways Corporation" and, subject to the transitional

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

1883

provisions of this Act as to its merger with the British Overseas Airways Corporation, there shall also be a corporation to be known as " the British South American Airways Corporation."

(2) The three corporations mentioned in the preceding subsection are hereinafter referred to as " the corporations " and the two corporations first mentioned therein are hereinafter referred to as " the permanent corporations."

2.—(1) Each of the corporations shall consist of a chairman, a deputy chairman and such number of other members as the Minister may from time to time'determine:

Provided that—

(a) the total number of members of each corporation shall

not be less than five nor more than eleven;

(b) two deputy chairmen of the British Overseas Airways

Corporation may be appointed.

(2) The members of each of the corporations shall be appointed by the Minister, who shall also appoint the chairman and deputy-chairman or deputy-chairmen of each corporation from among its members.

(3) The supplementary provisions contained in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to each of the corporations.

Functions of the corporations

3.—(1) Each of the corporations shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, have power to provide air transport services and to carry out all other forms of aerial work, and may provide such services and carry out such work, whether on charter terms or otherwise, in any part of the world; and it shall be the duty of each of the corporations to exercise those powers so as to secure that the air services which they may provide are developed to the best advantage, and, in particular, to exercise those powers so as to secure that the services provided by the corporation are provided at reasonable charges.

(2) Each of the corporations shall have power, subject as hereinafter provided, to do anything which is calculated to facilitate the discharge of their functions under the preceding subsection, or of any other functions conferred or imposed on the corporation by or under this Act, or is incidental or conducive to the discharge of any such functions.

(3) The Minister may, by an order relating to any of the corporations, define the powers conferred upon the corporation by the preceding provisions of this section so far as he thinks it desirable so to do for the purpose of securing that the public

Constitution of the

corporations.

Functions of the

corporations.

1884

Ch. 91

Appointment of committees.

General powers of Minister in relation to , the corporations.

Use of aircraft registered in His Majesty’s dominions.

Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

are properly informed as to the general nature and scope of the activities in which the corporation may engage; but nothing in any such order shall prejudice the generality of the powers conferred by the preceding provisions of this section.

Save as may be expressly provided by an order made under this subsection, none of the corporations shall have power to manufacture air-frames or aero-engines or airscrews.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by die preceding provisions of this section, each of the corporations shall in particular have power, subject as hereinafter provided—

(a) to acquire any undertaking constituted for the purpose

of providing air transport services or of engaging in any other activities of a kind which the corporation have power to carry on, or to acquire, hold or have any shares or stock in, or any financial interest in, any such undertaking;

(b) to promote the formation of any such undertaking' as is

mentioned in the preceding paragraph; and

(c) to lend money to, or enter into guarantees for the benefit

of, any such undertaking as aforesaid.

(5) The Minister may, by an order relating to any of the corporations, limit the powers of the corporation, to such extent as he thinks desirable in the public interest, by providing that any power of the corporation specified in the order shall not be exercisable except in accordance with a general or special authority given by him.

(6) Any statutory instrument containing an order made under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

4. Each of the corporations shall appoint such committees, with such advisory or executive functions, as are necessary for the purpose of securing the efficient discharge of the functions of the corporation, and, in particular, for the purpose of securing that those functions are exercised with due regard to the circumstances and requirements of particular areas.

5. The Minister may, after consultation with any of the corporations, give to that corporation directions of a general character as to the exercise and performance by that corporation of their functions in relation to matters appearing to the Minister to affect the national interest; and the corporation concerned shall give effect to any such directions.

6. Without prejudice to their general duty to comply with directions given by the Minister under this Act, each of the corporations shall in particular comply with such directions as

1949 Air Corporations Ch. 91

Act, 1949

may from time to time be given by the Minister, -after consultation with the corporation, for securing that, to such extent and in such cases as may be specified in the directions, aircraft used by the corporation in connection with any service operated by them shall be registered in some part of His Majesty's dominions.

7.—(1) Except in so far as is otherwise provided by sections twenty-seven and thirty-three of this Act, it is hereby declared that nothing in this Act exempts any of the corporations from liability for any tax, duty, rate, levy or other charge whatsoever, whether general or local.

(2) It is hereby declared that no provision of this Act conferring any power or imposing any duty upon any of the corporations authorises the disregard by the corporation of any rule of law, whether having effect by virtue of any enactment or otherwise.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of the last preceding subsection, nothing in this Act shall be construed as exempting any of the corporations, or any person employed by any of the corporations, from compliance with the provisions of any Order in Council made or having effect under section thirteen of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949 (which relates to the licensing of air transport and commercial flying).

Borrowing powers

8.—(1) Each of the permanent corporations may, with the consent of the Treasury, or jp accordance with the terms of any general authority given by the Treasury, borrow temporarily, by way of overdraft or otherwise, such sums as the corporation may require for meeting their obligations or discharging their functions.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, each of the permanent corporations may, with the consent of the Treasury, borrow money by the issue of stock for all or any of the following purposes, that is to say—

(a) the provision of working capital;

(b) the promotion of other undertakings, the acquisition

of other undertakings or of shares or stock in other undertakings, and the making of loans to, and the fulfilment of guarantees given for the benefit of, other undertakings;

(c) the redemption of any stock which the corporation are required or entitled to redeem; and

1885

Corporations not to be exempt from taxation, etc.

Borrowing powers of the corporations.

1886

Ch. 91

Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

, 1949

(d) any other expenditure properly chargeable to capital account, including the repayment of any money temporarily borrowed under subsection (1) of this section for any of the purposes mentioned in the preceding paragraphs of this subsection.

Provisions as 9.—(1) Each of the permanent corporations may create and

to stock of the issue any stock required for the purpose of exercising their corporations, powers under the last preceding section, and may also, with the consent of the Treasury, create and issue stock which is to be allotted as consideration for the acquisition of other undertakings or of shares or stock in other undertakings.

(2) Subject to the provisions of subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of this Act, stock issued by any of the corporations and the interest thereon shall be charged on the undertaking and all property and revenues of that corporation.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the stock of each of the corporations shall be issued, transferred, dealt with and redeemed upon such terms and in accordance with such regulations as the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury, may prescribe, and any such regulations may, in relation to any such stock, apply with or without modifications any provisions of the Local Loans Act, 1875, or of any enactment relating to stock issued by a local authority.

(4) The approval of the Minister shall be required for naming or changing the name of stock issued by the British Overseas Airways Corporation.

10.—(1) The Treasury may guarantee, in such manner and on such conditions as they think fit, the redemption or repayment of, and the payment of any interest on, any stock issued, or temporary loan raised, by any of the corporations.

(2) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling a guarantee given under this section shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof (hereinafter referred to as " the Consolidated Fund "), and any sums received by way of repayment of any sums so issued, or by way of interest thereon, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) The undertaking and all property and revenues of the corporation concerned shall be charged with the repayment of any sums so issued out of the Consolidated Fund, including interest thereon at such rates as the Treasury may determine; and any such charge shall rank—

(a) where the charge is a charge for the repayment of sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund in respect of stock.

Power of Treasury to guarantee stock and temporary loans of the corporations.

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch . 91

1887

next after the principal and interest of the stock and any sums which the corporation are bound to set aside towards the redemption of the stock, and in priority to any other charge not existing at the date of the issue of the stock; and

(b) where the charge is a charge for the repayment of sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund in respect o&a temporary loan, next after the principal and interest of the loan (in so far as that principal or interest are charged upon the undertaking, property or revenues of the corporation), and in priority to any other charge not existing at the date of the raising of the loan.

(4) Immediately after any guarantee is given under this section, the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee before each House of Parliament.

(5) Where any sum is issued out of the Consolidated Fund under this section, the Treasury shall, as soon as possible after the end of each financial year beginning with that in which the sum is issued and ending with that in which all liability in respect of the principal of the sum and in respect of interest thereon is finally discharged, lay before each House of Parliament an account of that sum and of any payments made, during the financial year to which the account relates, by way of repayment of that sum or by way of interest thereon.

11. Where the payment of principal and interest on any stock Transfers of issued by any of the corporations is guaranteed by the Treasury, transfers of the stock shall be exempt from all stamp duties. ofstamp duty.

12.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the aggregate of Limitation the amounts outstanding in respect of the principal of any stock of *he issued and of any temporary loans raised by the British Overseas p^ers of the Airways Corporation shall not at any' time exceed sixty million corporations, pounds.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, the aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of the principal of any stock issued and of any temporary loans raised by the British European Airways Corporation shall not at any time exceed twenty million pounds.

(3) Nothing in this section shall prevent either of the permanent corporations from borrowing in excess of the limit prescribed by the preceding provisions of this section for the purpose of redeeming any stock of the corporation which they are required or entitled to redeem, or of paying off any temporary loan.

Ch. 91

1888

Exchequer grants to the corporations.

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Exchequer grants

13.—(1) In respect of each financial year which expires before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, each of the corporations shall, at such time before the beginning of the year as the Minister may direct, submit to the Minister—

(a) a programme of the air transport services which the cor-

poration propose to provide during that year and of

• the other activities in which the corporation propose to engage during that year; and

(b) an estimate of the revenue to be received by the cor-

poration during that year and of the expenditure to be incurred by them on revenue account during that year.

(2) Every programme and estimate so submitted shall be in such form and shall contain such particulars, and every estimate so submitted shall be made upon such basis, as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, direct.

(3) If, after the Minister has considered any such programme and estimate and has given to the corporation concerned an opportunity of making representations to him with respect thereto, it appears to the Minister and to the Treasury that the expenditure on revenue account of the corporation concerned during the financial year to which the estimate relates will be in excess of their revenue during that year, the Minister and the Treasury shall determine whether any Exchequer grant should be made to the corporation concerned for the year in question, and, if such a grant is to be made, the basis on which the amount thereof is to be calculated; and the Minister shall, at the conclusion of the year, make to the corporation such grant, if any, as falls to be made upon that basis.

(4) If having regard to any determination made for the purposes of the last preceding subsection it appears to the Minister to be expedient so to do, he may, notwithstanding that the year to which the determination relates is not yet ended, make to the corporation concerned such payments as the Treasury may approve on account of any grant which he may subsequently become authorised to make to the corporation for that year under the preceding provisions of this section.

Any such payment shall be provisional only, and, when it is determined what grant ultimately falls to be made to the corporation for the year under the preceding provisions of this section, shall be subject to adjustment, either by way of payments to the corporation by the Minister, or payments to the Minister by the corporation, as the case may require.

(5) In this section—

(a) the expression "revenue" does not include any grant which may be made by the Minister under this Act; and

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

1889

(b) the expression "expenditure" in relation to any estimate, includes any sum thereby proposed to be set aside or allocated for any purpose, other than a sum which would fall to be charged to capital account.

14. —(1) If, after the Minister and the Treasury have made any determination for the purposes of subsection (3) of the last preceding section, it appears that any material assumption is, or is likely to be, at variance with the facts, the corporation concerned may, and shall if the Minister so requires, submit to the Minister a statement giving particulars of the discrepancy.

In this subsection the expression " material assumption ", in relation to any determination, means any of the assumptions which were made for the purpose of arriving at the estimate of revenue and expenditure upon which the determination was based.

(2) If having regard to any such statement, and to any information furnished to him in connection therewith, the Minister is satisfied that any determination made for the purposes of subsection (3) of the last preceding section ought to be revised, he may, with the consent of the Treasury, revise the determination, and where any such revision is made the amount of the grant to be made under the last preceding section to the corporation concerned for the financial year in question shall be increased or reduced accordingly.

(3) Where any such revision is made, such adjustments shall be made, either by way of payments to the corporation by the Minister, or payments to the Minister by the corporation, as are necessary in consequence of the revision.

(4) Where any such determination has been so revised as aforesaid, the determination may be further revised in accordance with the provisions of this section, and the said provisions shall have effect for the purposes of any such further revision as they have effect for the purposes of a first revision.

15. —(1) The Minister may, With the approval of the Treasury,

make grants to any associate of any of the corporations in consideration of promises made by the associate with respect to the performance, at any time before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, of functions similar to those which any of the corporations have power to perform. r

(2) It shall be a term of every agreement made by the Minister to make grants in pursuance of this section that no grants shall be payable under the agreement unless the associate complies with such requirements as may be imposed by the Minister for securing that one or more directors of the associate shall be a person or persons nominated by him.

Revision of Exchequer grants to the corporations.

Exchequer grants to associates of the

corporations.

1890

Ch. 91

Limitation of

Exchequer

grants.

Expenses and receipts of Minister.

Reserve

funds.

Application of revenues.

Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(3) In this Act the expression " associate ", in relation to any of the corporations, means any subsidiary of the corporation, or any undertaking which—

(a) is constituted for the purpose of providing air transport services or of engaging in any other activities of a kind which the corporation have power to carry on; and

(b) is associated with the corporation under the terms of any arrangement for the time being approved by the Minister as being an arrangement calculated to further the efficient discharge of the functions of the corporation;

16. The total amount of the grants made by the Minister under the preceding provisions of this Act in respect of any one financial year shall not exceed eight million pounds.

17. All sums payable by the Minister in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament; and any sums received by him in accordance with those provisions shall be paid into the Exchequer.

General financial provisions

18. —(1) Each of the corporations shall have a reserve fund.

(2) 'Die management of the said fund, the sums to be carried from time to time to the credit thereof, and the application thereof shall be as the corporation concerned may determine:

Provided that—

(a) no part of the said fund shall be applied otherwise than for the purposes of the corporation; and

(b) the power of the Minister to give directions to the corporation shall extend to the giving to them, with the approval of the Treasury, of directions as to any matter relating to the establishment or management of the said fund, the carrying of sums to the credit thereof, or the application thereof, notwithstanding that the directions may be of a specific character. 19 *

19. —(1) Any excess of the revenues of any of the corporations for any financial year over the total sums properly chargeable by the corporation to revenue account for that year, including in such sums (without prejudice to the generality of that ex-

pression) sums credited under the last preceding section to the reserve fund of the corporation, shall be applied by the corporation in such manner as the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury and after consultation with the chairman of the corporation, may direct.

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

1891

(2) Any direction given under the preceding subsection may require the whole or any part of any such excess as aforesaid to be paid into the Exchequer:

Provided that the total amount which has been paid into the Exchequer out of the revenues of any one of the corporations by virtue of any such directions shall not at any time exceed the total amount of the grants which have been made by the Minister to that corporation under the Civil Aviation Act, 1946, or this Act.

Staff, wages, pensions, etc.

20. —(1) It shall be the duty of each of the corporations. Terms and except in so far as the corporation are satisfied that adequate conditions of machinery exists for achieving the purposes of this subsection,

to seek consultation with any organisation appearing to die cor-poration to be appropriate with a view to the conclusion between the corporation and that organisation of such agreements as appear to the parties to be desirable with respect to the establishment and maintenance of machinery for—

(a) the settlement by negotiation of terms and conditions

of employment of persons employed by the corporation, with provision for reference to arbitration in default of such settlement in such cases as may be determined by or under the agreements; and

(b) the discussion• of matters affecting the safety, health and welfare of persons employed by the corporation, and of other matters of mutual interest to the corporation and such persons, including efficiency in the operation of the corporation’s services.

(2) Where any of the corporations conclude such an agreement as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection, or any variation is made in such an agreement, the corporation concerned shall forthwith transmit particulars of the agreement or the variation to the Minister and the Minister of Labour and National Service.

(3) In relation to any agreement affecting employment in Northern Ireland, the reference in the last preceding subsection to the Minister of Labour and National Service shall be construed as including a reference to the Ministry of Labour and National Insurance for Northern Ireland. 21

21. —(1) The Minister shall by regulations provide for the Pensions, etc. establishment and maintenance of one or more pension schemes

for the purpose of providing pensions and other similar benefits in respect of the service of corporation employees of such classes as may be specified in the regulations, and the Minister shall by such regulations in particular provide for securing benefits in the case of injury or death.

1892

Accounts and audit.

Ch. 91 Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

In this section the expression " corporation employee" means an employee of any of the corporations.

(2) Regulations made under this section, may, for the purpose of providing funds from which benefits are to be paid, provide for the payment of contributions by the corporation concerned or by employees of the corporation, or both by the corporation and by such employees, and may in particular provide for the payment of such contributions in respect of service as an employee of any of the corporations before the coming into force of the regulations, and for the payment of benefits in respect of any such service.

(3) Regulations made under this section may make provision for securing that service with any undertaking other than the corporations may, in such cases, upon such terms and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the regulations, be reckoned for the purposes of the payment of benefits under the regulations.

Accounts, reports and information

22.—(1) Each of the corporations shall keep proper accounts and proper records in relation thereto, and shall prepare in respect of each financial year a statement of accounts in such form as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, direct, being a form which shall conform with the best commercial standards and which shall distinguish between the provision of air transport facilities upon scheduled journeys, the provision of air transport facilities otherwise than upon such journeys, and the carrying out of aerial work which does not consist of the provision of air transport facilities.

(2) The statement of accounts prepared in respect of any financial year by any of the corporations shall contain such particulars with respect to any undertaking which at any time during that year was a subsidiary of the corporation as the Minister may direct.

(3) The accounts of each of the corporations shall be audited by auditors appointed annually by the Minister.

(4) As soon as the accounts of any of the corporations for any financial year have been audited, the corporation shall send to the Minister a copy of the statement of accounts prepared by diem for that year in accordance with this section, together with a copy of any report made by the auditors on that statement or on the accounts of the corporation.

(5) The Minister shall lay a copy of every such statement and report before each House of Parliament.

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

1893

23.—(1) Each of the corporations shall, as soon as possible Annual report after the end of each financial year, make to the Minister a and periodical report dealing with the operations of the corporation during that returns-year.

(2) The Minister shall lay a copy of every such report before each House of Parliament.

(3) The report for any year shall set out any direction given by the Minister to the corporation during that year unless the Minister has notified to the corporation his opinion that it is against the national interest so to do.

(4) Each of the corporations shall, in respect of each planning period, as defined for the purposes of this section, and at such time before the beginning of that period as the Minister may direct, submit to the Minister—

(a) a programme of the air transport services which the

corporation propose to provide during that period and of the other activities in which the corporation propose to engage during that period; and

(b) an estimate of the receipts of the corporation during

that period, and of the expenditure, whether on revenue account or on capital account, to be incurred by the corporation during that period.

(5) In respect of each financial year, each of the corporations shall, at such time before the beginning of the year as the Minister may direct, submit to the Minister an estimate of the expenditure to be incurred by the corporation on capital account during the year.

(6) Without prejudice to their duties under the preceding provisions of this Act, each of the corporations shall provide the Minister with such information relating to the undertaking of the corporation and to the undertaking of any associate of the corporation (including information relating to any activities proposed to be undertaken by the corporation or any such associate) as the Minister may from time to time require:

Provided that no such requirement shall impose upon any of the corporations the duty of providing the Minister with information which the corporation do not possess and cannot reasonably be expected to obtain.

(7) For the purpose of providing the Minister with any information which he may require in accordance with the provisions of the last preceding subsection, each of the corporations shall permit any person authorised by the Minister in that behalf to inspect and make copies of the accounts, books, documents or papers of the corporation, and shall afford such explanation thereof as that person or the Minister may reasonably require.

1894

Ch. 91

Reservation of certain air services to the corporations and their associates.

Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(8) In this section—

(a) the expression " planning period" means the period of

three financial years beginning with the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, and every period of three financial years which follows immediately upon the end of a planning period;

(b) the expression 44 receipts " does not include any grant

which may be made by the Minister; and

(c) the expression 44 expenditure ", in relation to any esti-

mate, includes any sum thereby proposed to be set aside or allocated for any purpose.

Reservation of certain air services to the corporations and their associates

24.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall not be lawful for any person, other than the corporations, their associates, and the servants and agents of the corporations and their associates, to carry passengers or goods by air for hire or reward upon any scheduled journey between two places of which at least one is in the United Kingdom.

(2) In this Act the expression ‘‘scheduled journey" means one of a series of journeys which are undertaken between the same two places and which together amount to a systematic service operated in such a manner that the benefits thereof are available to members of the public from time to time seeking to take advantage of it.

(3) Nothing in this section shall restrict the right of any person—

(a) to carry passengers for the sole purpose of instructing

them in flying or the duties of aircrews; or

(b) to carry passengers or goods for the sole purpose of

providing an air ambulance or rescue service; or

(c) in accordance with arrangements for the time being

approved by the Minister as being in the public interest, to carry a party of passengers and their baggage (if any) upon a series of three or more journeys organised as a tour for the common enjoyment of those passengers.

(4) Nothing in this section shall restrict the right of any person, for the purposes of any air transport undertaking of which the principal place of business is in any country outside the United Kingdom, to provide transport for passengers or goods in accordance with the terms of any agreement for the time being in force between His Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom and the government of that country.

1949 Air Corporations Ch. 91 1895

Act, 1949

(5) A person who carries a passenger, or carries any goods, in contravention of the provisions of this section shall be liable in respect of each offence—

(a) on summary conviction thereof, to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment; and

(b) on conviction thereof on indictment, to a fine not exceeding five thousand pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

' 25.—(1) For the purpose of determining whether an offence Power of has been committed against the last preceding section, the Minister to Minister or anyone acting under his authority may require any person who, whether by providing an aircraft or negotiating a m orma contract or otherwise, makes facilities available for travel upon any journey by air between two places of which at least one is in the United Kingdom, or for the consignment of goods upon any such journey, or any servant or agent of any such person as aforesaid, to provide die Minister with such information and documents relating to the journey as may be specified in the requirement.

(2) Any person having information or documents in his possession who fails to comply with any requirement relating to that information or those documents, being a requirement duly made under the preceding subsection, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

Special powers in case of emergency

26.—(1) In time of war whether actual or imminent, or of Special powers great national emergency, the Minister may by order require thatm case of the whole or any part of the undertaking of, or of any property cmergency' or rights of, or under the control of, any of the corporations shall be placed at the disposal of the Minister, or of such persons as may be provided by the order.

(2) So long as any such order is in force, a corporation shall comply with any directions which may be given to them by or under the direction of the Minister.

(3) An order under this section may make, for the purposes of the order, such provision as an Order in Council under section eight of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949, may make for the purpose of securing compliance with provisions thereof having effect by virtue of paragraph (D of subsection (2) of that section.

(4) Section fifty-eight of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949 (which authorises any order under the enactments specified therein to provide for the detention of aircraft to secure compliance with the order) shall have effect as if any reference therein to an order

1896

Merger of

British South

American

Airways

Corporation

and British

Overseas

Airways

Corporation.

Ch. 91 Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

under an enactment to which Part VI of that Act applies included a reference to an order made under this section, but this provision shall be without prejudice to the provisions of the last preceding subsection.

(5) Any person who suffers direct injury or loss, owing to the operation of an order of the Minister under this section, shall be entitled to receive compensation from the Minister, the amount thereof to be fixed, in default of agreement, by the Lands Tribunal or the Lands Tribunal for Scotland, as the case may be; and the principles of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall, with the necessary modifications, apply where possession is taken of any land.

(6) Any expense incurred by the Minister in the exercise of his powers under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(7) The disputes which by this section are directed to be determined by the Lands Tribunal shall, in the application of this section to Northern Ireland, be determined by an official arbitrator appointed under section one of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and the arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with rules made by the Reference Committee under the said section one.

(8) The disputes which by this section are directed to be determined by the Lands Tribunal or the Lands Tribunal for Scotland shall, in the period before the coming into force of the Lands Tribunal Act, 1949, for the part of Great Britain in question, be determined by an official arbitrator appointed under section one of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and the arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with rules made by the Reference Committee under the said section one.

Transitional provisions relating to merger of British South American Airways Corporation and British Overseas Airways Corporation

27.—(1) Whereas on the passing of the Airways Corporations Act, 1949, that is to say on the thirtieth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, all property of the British South American Airways Corporation situated in the United Kingdom, all aircraft of that corporation registered in the United Kingdom and all rights, liabilities and obligations of that corporation which were then enforceable in the United Kingdom were, by virtue of subsection (1) of section one of that Act, transferred to the British Overseas Airways Corporation:

Now therefore—

(a) the British South American Airways Corporation shall have power, without consideration, to transfer to the

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

British Overseas Airways Corporation any property or rights not transferred by virtue of the said subsection (1); and

(b) the British Overseas Airways Corporation shall have power, without consideration, to undertake any liabilities or obligations of the British South American Airways Corporation not transferred as aforesaid.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of section fifty-two of the Finance Act, 1946 (which exempts from stamp duty certain documents connected with statutory schemes for the carrying on of undertakings under national ownership or control)—

(a) stamp duty shall not be payable on any conveyance, agreement or other instrument executed in pursuance of the last preceding subsection or subsection (1) of section one of the Airways Corporations Act, 1949; and

(b) section eight of the Finance Act, 1899 (which imposes stamp duty in respect of loan capital) shall not apply to any loan capital transferred by virtue of the last preceding subsection or subsection (1) of the said section one.

(3) When the Minister is satisfied that the necessary arrangements have been made for transferring to the British Overseas Airways Corporation any property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the British South American Airways Corporation not transferred by virtue of subsection (1) of section one of the said Act of 1949, he may by order direct that the British South American Airways Corporation shall be dissolved on such day as may be specified in the order (in this Act referred to as " the appointed day ").

28.—(1) The three per cent. British South American Airways Stock and Stock, 1980-1983, shall be deemed to be stock issued by the loans. British Overseas Airways Corporation, and shall be charged accordingly on the undertaking and the property and revenues of that corporation; and as from the sixteenth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty, that stock shall be deemed to be of the same issue as the three per cent. Airways Stock, 1980-1983, and shall be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to the last mentioned stock.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act temporary loans raised by the British South American Airways Corporation and not repaid before the thirtieth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-nine shall be treated as temporary loans raised by the British Overseas Airways Corporation.

3 Q

1898

Ch. 91

Disposal of excess revenue.

Accounts, etc.

Supplementary.

Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(3) Where the Treasury has guaranteed any stock issued or any temporary loan raised by the British South American Airways Corporation, subsection (3) of section ten of this Act shall have effect in relation to any sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund under subsection (2) of that section or subsection (2) of section nine of the Civil Aviation Act, 1946, in respect of the guarantee as if the corporation concerned was the British Overseas Airways Corporation.

29. For the purposes of the proviso to subsection (2) of section nineteen of this Act any grant made before the thirtieth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-nine to the British South American Airways Corporation shall, in relation to any direction given under that section on or after that date, be deemed tq have been made to the British Overseas Airways Corporation.

30. —(1) In respect of the financial year ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty, and'any subsequent financial year beginning before the appointed day—

(a) the statement of accounts prepared by the British Over-

seas Airways Corporation under section twenty-two of this Act may extend to the accounts of the British South American Airways Corporation, and in that case no such statement shall be prepared or sent to the Minister under that section by the British South American Airways Corporation; and

(b) the report made to the Minister by the British Overseas

Airways Corporation under subsection (1) of section twenty-three of this Act may extend to the operations of the British South American Airways Corporation, and in that case no report shall be made under that subsection by the British South American Airways Corporation.

(2) Any programme or estimate which, before the appointed day, is submitted to the Minister by the British Overseas Airways Corporation in accordance with subsection (1) of section thirteen or subsection (4) or subsection (5) of section twenty-three of this Act may extend to the services, receipts and expenditure of the British South American Airways Corporation, and in any such case no programme or estimate shall be so submitted by the British South American Airways Corporation.

31. —(1) Any proceeding or cause of action pending or existing immediately before the thirtieth day of July nineteen hundred and forty-nine by or against the British South American Airways Corporation may be continued and enforced by or against the British Overseas Airways Corporation as it might have been by or against the British South American Airways

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

1899

Corporation if neither this Act nor the Airways Corporations Act. 1949, had been passed.

(2) On and after the appointed day, references to the British South American Airways Corporation in any enactment, order, rule, regulation or other instrument shall be construed as references to the British Overseas Airways Corporation:

Provided that this section shall not apply to any such reference as aforesaid in the Civil Aviation Act, 1949, or this Act or in any regulations made under section thirty-six, fifty-five or fifty-six of that Act or section nine or twenty-one of this Act.

(3) Any undertaking which immediately before the appointed day is associated with the British South American Airways Corporation under the terms of an arrangement by virtue of which it is an associate of that corporation, shall be deemed, on and after the appointed day, to be so associated with the British Overseas Airways Corporation and to be an associate of that corporation accordingly.

(4) Without prejudice to the provisions of section twenty-seven of this Act and of subsection (1) of this section, all deeds, bonds, agreements and instruments which are subsisting immediately before the appointed day and affect the British South American Airways Corporation shall on and after the appointed day be as of full force and effect against or in favour of the British Overseas Airways Corporation and enforceable as fully and effectually as if, instead of the British South American Airways Corporation, the British Overseas Airways Corporation had been named therein or had been a party thereto.

Transitional provisions relating to the acquisition of certain undertakings by British Overseas Airways Corporation

32.—(1) Any cause of action existing immediately before the transfer date by or against either of the vendor companies in respect of its undertaking may be continued and enforced by or against the British Overseas Airways Corporation, as it might have been by or against that company, if neither this Act nor the British Overseas Airways Act, 1939, had been passed.

(2) All deeds, bonds, agreements, instruments and working arrangements which were subsisting immediately before the transfer date and affected either of the vendor companies, shall in so far as they relate to the undertaking of that company, be of as full force and effect against or in favour of the British Overseas Airways Corporation, and enforceable as fully and effectually as if, instead of the company, the corporation had been named therein or had been a party thereto.

(3) Any person who, on the transfer date, had in his possession or under his control any books, documents or papers, which relate to an undertaking transferred from either of the

3 Q 2

Transitional

provisions

relating to the

acquisition of

certain

undertakings

by British

Overseas

Airways

Corporation.

1900

Ch. 91

Exemption from stamp duty.

Pension and superannuation schemes of vendor companies.

Superannuation schemes already established by British Overseas Airways Corporation.

Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

vendor companies to the British Overseas Airways Corporation and which belonged to either of the vendor companies, or would have so belonged if such transfer had not taken place, shall be liable to account for the said documents to the corporation and shall, at the request of the corporation, deliver them up to the corporation, or to such person as the corporation may appoint:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as over-riding or affecting a hen to which any person may be entitled.

(4) In this section and in the following provisions of this Act—

(a) the expression " transfer date" means the day on which the undertakings of Imperial Airways Limited and British Airways Limited were under section nine of the British Overseas Airways Act, 1939, transferred to the British Overseas Airways Corporation, that is to say, the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty; and

(b) the expression " the vendor companies" means Imperial Airways Limited and British Airways Limited.

33. Stamp duty shall not be chargeable—

(a) on any of the purchase agreements or on any convey-

ance, assignment or other instrument of transfer made in pursuance of any of those agreements; or

(b) under section twelve of the Finance Act, 1895, on any instrument relating to the vesting of the undertakings of either of the vendor companies in the British Overseas Airways Corporation.

In this section, the expression " purchase agreements" means the contracts whereby the undertakings of the vendor companies were acquired by the British Overseas Airways Corporation.

Transitory provisions as to superannuation, etc.

34. The provisions contained in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the pension and superannuation schemes of the vendor companies, and in that Schedule the expression " the corporation" means the British Overseas Airways Corporation.

35. —(1) No person shall be a member of any pension superannuation or other benefit fund or scheme established by the British Overseas Airways Corporation before the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-six, for the benefit of persons employed by the corporation unless he was a member of that fund or scheme immediately before the said day.

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

1901

(2) The Minister may by regulations make such provision as he thinks necessary for enabling any person who is a member of any fund or scheme so established or who is for the time being participating in any such scheme as is mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, to withdraw from that fund or scheme in consideration of being admitted, upon such terms as may be provided for by the regulations, to any scheme established under section twenty-one of this Act.

Supplemental

36. —(1) Proceedings for an offence against this Act— Provisions

(a) shall not, in England, be instituted except by or with as to offences-

the consent of the Minister or by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions; and

(b) shall not, in Northern Ireland, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister or by the Attorney-General for Northern Ireland.

(2) Where an offence against this Act has been committed by a body corporate, every person who at the time of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence, unless he proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

37. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act on the Minister Regulations to make orders or regulations shall be exercisable by statutory and order, instrument.

(2) Any power conferred by this Act to make any Order in Council or order, other than the power conferred by section twenty-seven, shall be construed as including a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions, if any, to vary the Order in Council or order.

38. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise interpretation, requires'or where it is otherwise expressly provided, the following expressions have the meanings respectively assigned to them,

that is to say—

" appointed day " has the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-seven of this Act;

" air transport service" means a service for the carriage by air of passengers, mails or other freight;

" associate ", in relation to any of the corporations, has the meaning assigned to it by section fifteen of this Act;

"director" includes any person occupying the position of director, by whatever name called;

1902

General application to Northern Ireland.

Application to Channel Islands and Isle of Man.

Ch. 91 Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

" financial year ", in relation to any of the corporations, means a period of twelve months beginning on the first day of April;

" Minister" means the Minister of Civil Aviation;

" remuneration " includes reasonable allowances in respect of expenses properly incurred in the pursuance of the duties of any office;

" revenue," in relation to any of the corporations, includes grants made by the Minister to the corporation under this Act;

"scheduled journey" has the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-four of this Act;

" subsidiary," in relation to any of the corporations, means any undertaking more than one half of the issued share capital whereof is held directly or through a nominee by the corporation, and any undertaking in relation to which the corporation have a power directly or indirectly to appoint the majority of the directors;

"transfer date" has the meaning assigned to it by section thirty-two of this Act;

"vendor companies" has the meaning assigned to it by section thirty-two of this Act;

(2) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as including references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment.

39. The following provisions shall, in addition to any express provision for the application to Northern Ireland of any provision of this Act, have effect for the general application of this Act to Northern Ireland, that is to say—

(a) any reference to any enactment shall be construed as

a reference to that enactment as it has effect in Northern Ireland;

(b) any reference to an Act of Parliament shall be con-

strued as including a reference to an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, and " enactment " includes an enactment of that Parliament;

(c) " summary conviction" means conviction subject to,

and in accordance with, the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending that Act;

40. —(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any of the provisions of this Act shall extend, with such exceptions, modifications and adaptations, if any, as may be specified in the Order, to any of the Channel Islands or to die Isle of Man:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to sections eight, nine and ten, in so far as they relate to the British Overseas Airways Corporation, or section eleven, sections twenty-six to thirty-five or the Second Schedule.

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

1903

(2) Any such Order in Council may provide for the payment of sums out of moneys provided by Parliament for any purpose for which sums are required to be so paid in consequence of the exercise of the powers conferred by the preceding subsection.

41. —(1) The enactments set out in the Third Schedule to Repeal and this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the saving8* third column of that Schedule:

Provided that without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpretation Act, 1889, this subsection shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any instrument made or any other thing whatsoever done under any enactment repealed by this Act, and every such instrument or thing shall continue in force and shall, so far as it could have been made or done under this Act, have effect as if made or done under the corresponding enactment of this Act.

(3) Nothing in this repeal shall affect the amount of any grant payable to any of the corporations under any enactment repealed by this Act or any adjustment which, but for this repeal, could have been made under section eleven of the Civil Aviation Act, 1946, and any such adjustment may be made, as if this Act had not been passed.

(4) Nothing in this repeal shall affect the terms and conditions on and subject to which any person held office or served immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(5) Where under any Act passed before this Act there is a power to affect Acts of Parliament passed or in force before a particular time and that power would, but for the passing of this Act, have included power to change the law which is reproduced in this Act, then that power shall include power to make such provision as will secure the like change in the law as reproduced in this Act notwithstanding that this Act is not an Act passed or in force before that time and notwithstanding that the terms of this Act, apart from this subsection, are not such as to render that power applicable.

(6) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment in this Act.

42. This Act may be cited as the Air Corporations Act, 1949. Short title.

1904

Section 2.

Ch. 91 Air Corporations 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Supplementary Provisions as to the Corporations

Tenure and Vacation of Office

1. Subject as hereinafter provided, a member of the corporation shall hold and vacate office as such in accordance with the terms of the instrument appointing him to be a member:

Provided that—

(a) where a member becomes or ceases to be chairman or deputy chairman of the corporation, the Minister may vary the terms of the instrument appointing him to be a member of the corporation, so far as they relate to the date on which he is to vacate office as such; and (b) a member of the corporation may at any time, by notice in writing under his hand addressed to the Minister, resign his membership.

2. Subject as hereinafter provided, the chairman of the corporation and the deputy chairman of the corporation shall hold and vacate office as such in accordance with the instruments respectively appointing them:

Provided that the chairman or deputy chairman may at any time, by a notice, in writing under his hand addressed to the Minister, resign his office as such.

3. If the chairman or deputy chairman of the corporation ceases to be a member of the corporation, he shall cease to be chairman or deputy chairman, as the case may be.

4. A member of the Commons House of Parliament shall not be appointed a member of the corporation.

5. If the Minister is satisfied that a member of the corporation— ((f) has been absent from meetings of the corporation for a period

longer than three consecutive months without the permission of the corporation; or (b)has become bankrupt or made an arrangement with his creditors; or

(c) is incapacitated by physical or mental illness; or (< d)is otherwise unable or unfit to discharge the functions of a member;

the Minister may declare his office as a member of the corporation to be vacant and shall notify the fact in such manner as the Minister thinks fit; and thereupon the office shall become vacant.

6. A member of the corporation who ceases to be a member shall be eligible for re-appointment.

7. The validity of any proceeding of the corporation shall not be affected by any vacancy amongst the members thereof, or by any defect in the appointment of a member thereof.

1949

Air Corporations

Act, 1949

Ch. 91

1905

The Deputy Chairman

8. Where by any provision of this Act the Minister is required to consult with the chairman of the corporation before exercising any power, and either:—

(a) the office of chairman of the corporation is vacant; or

(b) by reason of illness, absence or any other cause the chairman

is not available,

the Minister may comply with that requirement by consulting, before exercising the power, with the deputy chairman of the corporation, or in the case of the British Overseas Airways Corporation, at any time when two deputy chairmen thereof hold office, with either of the deputy chairmen.

Remuneration

9. The corporation shall pay to each member thereof, in respect of his office as such, such remuneration as may be determined by the Minister with the consent of the Treasury, and shall pay to the chairman and deputy chairman thereof, in respect of his office as such, such remuneration (in addition to any remuneration to which he may be entitled in respect of his office as a member) as may be so determined.

10. If any member of the corporation, other than the chairman or deputy chairman thereof, is employed about the affairs of the corporation otherwise than as a member thereof, the corporation may pay to that member such remuneration (in addition to any remuneration to which he may be entitled in respect of his office as a member) as the corporation may determine.

Meetings and proceedings

11. The quorum of the corporation and the arrangements relating to meetings thereof shall be such as the corporation may determine.

The common seal

12. The corporation shall have a common seal, and the fixing of the seal shall be authenticated by the signatures of—

(a) the chairman of the corporation, or some other member thereof authorised either generally or specially by the corporation to act in his stead for that purpose; and

(b) some other person authorised by the corporation, either generally or specially, to act for that purpose.

Instruments of the corporation

13. Any contract or instrument which, if entered into or executed by a person not being a body corporate, would not be required to be under seal, may be entered into or executed on behalf of the corporation by any person generally or specially authorised by them for that purpose.

14. Any document purporting to be a document duly executed under the seal of the corporation shall be received in evidence and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be a document so executed.

Power to hold land

15. The corporation shall have power to hold land for the purposes of their functions without licence in mortmain.

3 Q*

1st Sch. —cont.

1906

Ch. 91

Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

, 1949

SECOND SCHEDULE

Sections 34, 35. PROVISIONS AS TO PENSIONS AND SUPERANNUATION SCHEMES OF

Vendor Companies

Part I

Pensions Scheme of Imperial Airways Limited

1. In this Part of this Schedule—

(a) the expression " the company" means Imperial Airways Limited;

(b) the expression "the scheme" means the pension scheme established for the benefit of the employees of the company by a Trust Deed dated the twenty-third day of October nineteen hundred and thirty-six and made between the company of the first part Sidney Albert Dismore and Arthur Joseph Quin-Harkin of the second part, and Leslie Alan Walters and Rankin Lorimer Weir of the third part;

(c) references to the scheme shall be construed as including references to the said Trust Deed.

2. The scheme shall continue in operation subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule which shall have effect for the purposes of regulating the continued operation of the scheme.

3. No person who was, immediately before the transfer date, participating in the scheme shall be eligible to participate therein unless—

(a) he was, immediately before the transfer date, in the service of the company;

(b) he was then not eligible to participate in the scheme by reason only of the fact that he had not been in the service of the company for a sufficient length of time or was a labourer or a member of the staff locally engaged overseas; and

(c) he has entered the service of the corporation;

and no person shall be eligible to participate in the scheme except in accordance with the provisions of the scheme as regulated by the provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

4. Any person who was, immediately before the transfer date, in the service of the company and has not entered the service of the corporation, shall—

(a) if he was, immediately before the transfer date, less than fifty-five years of age be treated as if he were then discharged from the service of the company for reasons other than misconduct;

(b) if he was, immediately before the transfer date, fifty-five years or more but had not then attained the age of sixty years be treated, at his option, either as if he had then retired on pension before attaining the age of sixty years with the permission of the Board of the company, or as if he had then been discharged from the service of the company for reasons other than misconduct; or

(c) if he was, immediately before the transfer date, sixty years of age or more, be treated as having then retired from the service of the company.

1949

Air Corporations

Act; 1949

Ch. 91

1907

5. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, the scheme 2nd Sch.

shall have effect as if— —cont.

(a) the corporation had been in existence on the date of the execution of the said Trust Deed and had executed that document in the place of the company; and

(b) for any reference (by whatever form of words) in the scheme to the company, or to the Board of the company, there were substituted a reference to the corporation; and

(c) the service or employment under or by the company of any

person had been service or employment under or by the corporation; and

(d) any thing done, permitted or omitted by or on behalf of the company (including any thing which is by virtue of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule to be deemed to have been permitted by the company or by the Board oi the company) had been done, permitted or omitted, as the case may be, by the corporation.

6. Nothing contained in this Part of this Schedule shall prejudice or affect any power of altering, amending, adding to or cancelling the scheme in accordance with the provisions thereof.

Part II

Superannuation Scheme of British Airways Limited

1. In this Part of this Schedule—

(a) the expression "the company" means British Airways Limited;

(b) the expression " the Trust Deed" means the Trust Deed (relating to the provisions of superannuation benefits for the employees and salaried directors of the company and its associated or subsidiary companies by means of a Superannuation Scheme under which endowment assurances are to be effected with the Sun Life Assurance Society) dated the seventeenth day of March nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and made between the company of the one part, and John Ronald McCrindle, Walter Cynl Tomlinson, David Smillie Smith Macdowall, and John Vincent Wood of the other part;

(c) the expression " the regulations" means the regulations contained in the First Schedule to the Trust Deed;

(d) the expression " the scheme " includes both the Trust Deed and the Superannuation Scheme to which it relates as existing immediately before the transfer date; and

(e) the expression "Trustees* Assurance" and "Employee’s Assurance" have the same meanings respectively as in the regulations.

2. The scheme shall continue in operation subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule which shall have effect for the purpose of regulating the continued operation of the scheme.

3 Q* 2

1908

Ch. 91

2nd Sch. —cont.

Air Corporations 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

3. No person who was not immediately before the transfer date participating in the scheme shall be eligible to participate in the scheme unless—

(a) he was, immediately before the transfer date, an employee as defined by the regulations; or

(b) he had, immediately before the transfer date, been in the service of the company for a period of less than three months; and

(c) in either case, he has entered the service of the corporation;

and no person shall be eligible to participate in the scheme except in accordance with the provisions of the scheme as regulated by the provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

4. Any person who was, immediately before the transfer date, an employee as defined by the regulations, and has not entered the service of the corporation, shall be deemed to have retired immediately before the transfer date from the service of the company with the consent of the company, and, for the purposes of any provisions of the regulations relating to any Trustees’ Assurance, shall be deemed to have so retired during the period of ten years preceding the date of the maturity of that Assurance.

5. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule the scheme shall have effect as if—

(a) the corporation had been in existence on the date of the execution of the Trust Deed and had executed that document in place of the company; and

(b) the corporation had been a party to the Superannuation Scheme to which the Trust Deed relates, and to any agreement relating to that Superannuation Scheme, in place of the company; and

(c) for any reference (by whatever form of words) in the scheme

to the company there were substituted a reference to the corporation; and

(d) references to associated or subsidiary companies were omitted

from the scheme; and

(e) the service or employment under or by the company of any

person had been service or employment under or by the corporation; and

(f) any act or thing done, permitted or omitted by or on behalf of the company (including any thing which is by virtue of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule to be deemed to have been permitted by the company) had been done, permitted or omitted, as the case may be, by the corporation.

6. Anything required or authorised by the scheme to be done by the secretary or a director of the company may be done by such member or officer of the corporation as the corporation may appoint for the purpose.

1949 Air Corporations Ch. 91

Act, 1949

7. Nothing contained in this Part of this Schedule shall prejudice or affect any power of altering, cancelling or modifying all or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or of the regulations in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed, or of determining the trusts created under the Trust Deed in accordance with the provisions of the regulations, or any power of terminating or modifying the Superannuation Scheme to which the Trust Deed relates, or any agreement relating to the Superannuation Scheme, in accordance with the terms of that Scheme or agreement

THIRD SCHEDULE

Repeals

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 61. The British Overseas Airways Act, 1939. The whole Act.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Ministry of Civil The whole Act, so far as un-

c. 21. Aviation Act, 1945. repealed.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Civil Aviation Act, The whole Act, so far as un-

c. 70. 1946. repealed.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 35. The Finance Act, 1947 In subsection (2) of section fifty-seven, the words "The British Overseas Airways Corporation " and the words "The British European Airways Corporation; and The British South American Airways Corporation *.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 57. The Airways Corporations Act, 1949. The whole Act.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851 ... 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Local Loans Act, 1875 • ... 38 & 39 Vict. c. 83.

Interpretation Act, 1889 • ... 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

Finance Act, 1895 • ... 58 & 59 Vict. c. 16.

Finance Act, 1899 Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) 62 & 63 Vict. c. 9.

Act, 1919 • ... 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

British Overseas Airways Act, 1939 ... ... 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 61.

Finance Act, 1946 ... ... 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 64.

Civil Aviation Act, 1946 ... ... 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 70.

Lands Tribunal Act, 1949 ... ... 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 42.

Airways Corporations Act, 1949 ... ... 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 57.

Civil Aviation Act, 1949 • •. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 67.

1909

2nd Sch. —cont.

Section 41.

1910

Ch. 92

India 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Consequential Provision) Act, 1949

Operation of existing law in relation to India in view of India's becoming a Republic.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 56.

CHAPTER 92

An Act to make provision as to the operation of the law in relation to India, and persons and things in any way belonging to or connected with India, in view of India’s becoming a Republic while remaining a member of the Commonwealth.

[16th December 1949.]

WHEREAS on the twenty-sixth day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty, India is to become a Republic while remaining a member of the Commonwealth:

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) On and after the date of India’s becoming a Republic, all existing law, that is to say, all law which, whether being a rule of law or a provision of an Act of Parliament or of any other enactment or instrument whatsoever, is in force on that date or has been passed or made before that date and comes into force thereafter, shall, until provision to the contrary is made by the authority having power to alter that law and subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this section, have the same operation in relation to India, and to persons and things in any way belonging to or connected with India, as it would have had if India had not become a Republic.

(2) This Act extends to law of, or of any part of, the United Kingdom, a colony, a protectorate or a United Kingdom trust territory, and also, but so far only as concerns law which cannot be amended by a law of the legislature thereof, to law of Southern Rhodesia or of any part thereof.

The references in this subsection to a colony, to a protectorate and to a United Kingdom trust territory shall be construed as if they were references contained in the British Nationality Act, 1948.

(3) His Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for such modification of any existing law to which this Act extends as may appear to him to be necessary or expedient in view of India’s becoming a Republic while remaining a member of the Commonwealth, and subsection (1) of this section shall have effect in relation to any such law as modified by such an Order save in so far as the contrary intention appears in the Order. An Order in Council under this section—

(a) may be made either before or after India becomes a Republic, and may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in Council; and

1949

India

(<Consequential Provision) Act, 1949 Ch. 92, 93

1911

(b) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) Any increase attributable to an Order in Council under this section in sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament or out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided, or out of that Fund or the growing produce thereof, as the case may be.

2. This Act may be cited as the India (Consequential Pro- Short title, vision) Act, 1949.

CHAPTER 93

National Health Service (Amendment) Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Medical Partnerships

Section

1. Application of Act to existing partnership agreements and

modification of those agreements.

2. Effect of changes in partnership agreement

3. Right of medical partners to be entered on lists after appointed

day,

4. Retrospective effect of s. 1 of Act

5. Modification of other medical partnerships in force on appointed

day.

6. Existing agreements with medical assistants.

7. Removal of hardships.

8. Removal of certain doubts as to operation of s. 35 of Act

9. Application of Part I to Scotland.

Part II Miscellaneous and General

10. Prohibition of full-time salaried practitioner service.

11. Prohibition of full-time salaried dental practitioner service.

12. Regulations not to require specialists to be employed whole-time.

13. Reference of disputes as to conditions of service of persons

employed or engaged in health services.

14. Removal from lists of persons who do not provide services.

15. Additional functions of Medical Practices Committee.

16. Recovery of charges in respect of pharmaceutical services.

17. Recovery of charges from persons resident outside Great Britain.

18. Superannuation of officers of certain hospitals.

19. Superannuation of certain officers of Government departments

and of officers undertaking approved service.

20. Appointment of practitioner members of Tribunal.

21. Removal of doubts as to power to prescribe certain qualifications.

1912

Ch. 93

National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

Section

22- Removal of doubts as to duties of local health authorities in connection with midwifery.

23. Power of voluntary organisations to transfer property to local

health authorities.

24. Cost of conveyance of certain persons under s. 27 of Act

25. Payment by local health authorities of certain remuneration and

expenses to medical practitioners.

26. Validation of certain orders continuing detention orders made

under the Mental Deficiency Act, 1913.

27. Reception into mental hospital of person under sixteen as volun-

tary boarder.

28. Recovery of expenses from in-patients engaged in remunerative

employment.

29. Minor amendments and repeal.

30. Expenses and receipts.

31. Interpretation.

32. Short title and extent.

Schedule—Minor Amendments of the Acts of 1946 and 1947.

An Act to amend the National Health Service Act, 1946, and the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, and otherwise to amend the law in relation to services provided under the said Acts.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I Medical Partnerships

Application of 1.—(1) This section applies to any partnership agreement in

Act to existing force on an(j immediately before the appointed day between agremcntsand me(hcal practitioners one at least of whose names was entered on n^d^Son that day on a list of medical practitioners undertaking to provide of those general medical services,

agreements.

(2) In this section—

the expression "listed partner" means a partner whose name was entered on the appointed day on a list of medical practitioners undertaking to provide general medical services;

the expression " new listed partner" means a partner whose name was not entered on such a list as aforesaid on the appointed day but has been so entered before the relevant date;

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1913

the expression "outside partner" means a partner whose name was not entered on any such list as aforesaid on the appointed day and has not been so entered before the relevant date;

and each of the said expressions shall, in the case of a deceased person who immediately before his death was a listed partner, a new listed partner or an outside partner, be construed, where the context so requires, as referring to the personal representative of that person.

For the purpose of the aforesaid definitions the relevant date shall, in relation to any obligation imposed or option conferred on any such partner by the partnership agreement, be deemed to be the date on which the obligation is required to be performed or would but for this section be required to be performed, or, as the case may be, the date on which the option is first exercisable.

(3) Section thirty-five of the National Health Service Act, 1946 (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1946 "), which prohibits the sale of medical practices, shall not affect, and shall be deemed never to have affected, the exercise or performance under any partnership agreement to which this section applies of any right or obligation of a partner to sell to, or purchase from, another partner any share in the goodwill of the partnership practice, but any such agreement shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in section thirty-six of the Act of 1946 or in the last preceding subsection—

(a) there shall be determined in accordance with regulations

made under the said section thirty-six the compensation payable in respect of any share of the goodwill of the partnership practice carried on under any agreement to which this section applies, in all respects as if the said section thirty-five of the Act of 1946 prohibited the sale of any such share, whether under the agreement or otherwise; and

(b) the payment of the compensation so determined and of

interest thereon shall be subject to the following provisions of this section.

(5) Where any agreement to which this section applies imposes an obligation or confers an option on a listed or new listed partner to purchase the share of another partner being a listed partner in the goodwill of the partnership practice, and, in the case of an option, the option has been exercised, that share shall be transferred at the time and on the terms (except as to the payment of the purchase price) provided in the agreement and

Part I — corn.

1914

Ch. 93

National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

Part I there shall be paid to the partner from whom the share is trails-

—com. ferred, on or as soon as possible after the completion of the

transfer, in lieu of the payment of the purchase price by the partner to whom the share is transferred, the compensation determined as aforesaid in respect of that share.

(6) Where any agreement to which this section applies—

(a) imposes an obligation on an outside partner to purchase

the share of a listed partner or a new listed partner in the goodwill of the partnership practice; or

(b) imposes an obligation on a new listed partner to pur-

chase the share of another new listed partner in the goodwill of the partnership practice;

the obligation shall be deemed to be an option exercisable by notice in writing to purchase that share not later than three months after the time at which, and otherwise on the same terms as those on which, the obligation would have had to be performed.

(7) Where the share of a listed partner in the goodwill of the partnership practice carried on under any agreement to which this section applies has been purchased by an outside partner in pursuance of an option conferred by the last preceding subsection or by the agreement, the compensation determined as aforesaid in respect of that share shall not be paid and the interest thereon shall cease to be payable as from the date when the option was exercised:

Provided that the amount of compensation payable in respect of any other medical practice or share thereof under section thirty-six of the Act of 1946 shall not be increased in consequence of the said compensation not being paid.

(8) Where the share of an outside partner or new listed partner in the goodwill of the partnership practice carried on under any agreement to which this section applies has been purchased by a listed partner in pursuance of an obligation imposed or option conferred by the agreement, there shall be paid to the listed partner out of moneys provided by Parliament (but not as part of the compensation payable under section thirty-six of the Act of 1946) compensation of an amount bearing to the compensation determined under subsection (4) of this section in respect of the share of the listed partner in such goodwill the same proportion as the share of the outside partner or, as the case may be, new listed partner in such goodwill bears to the said share of the listed partner:

Provided that—

(a) if the compensation payable under this subsection exceeds the purchase price, the compensation shall be reduced by the amount of the excess;

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1915

(b) if the share purchased is that of a new listed partner,

and the purchase price exceeds the amount of the compensation payable to the listed partner under this subsection, the amount of that excess shall be deducted from the purchase price and, if already paid, shall be repaid;

(c) this subsection shall not apply in a case where at the time

of the purchase or, if the listed partner has died before the time of the purchase, at the time of his death, the name of the listed partner is or was no longer entered on such a list as aforesaid.

(9) The compensation payable under the last preceding subsection shall be payable at or as soon as possible after the time when the purchase price for the said share is paid:

Provided that, if the purchase price is payable by instalments, the said compensation shall be payable at such times and in such manner as may be prescribed.

<1Q> Where an agreement to which this section applies provides for the purchase of a part of any partner’s share in the goodwill of the partnership practice by another partner, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect, in relation to that purchase and to any right or obligation in respect thereof, as if references to a share of such goodwill were construed as references to a part of such a share and as if references to the compensation determined in respect of such a share were construed as references to a proportionate part of that compensation.

(11) Where an agreement to which this section applies provides for the purchase of a share or part of a share in the goodwill of the partnership practice by two or more partners, the agreement shall have effect for the purposes of this section as if it provided for the separate purchase by each of those partners of such part of that share as will, in accordance with the agreement, be added to the existing share of that partner after the purchase, and the preceding provisions of this section shall apply accordingly.

(12) Where any agreement to which this section applies contains provisions which take effect on the purchase of any share or part of a share of the goodwill of the partnership practice, those provisions shall take effect in like manner on the transfer of that share or part in accordance with this section, notwithstanding that the transfer does not constitute a purchase.

(13) For the purposes of this section and the following provisions of this Act relating to medical partnerships, a member of a medical partnership shall, if the partnership agreement defines

Part I

—COM.

1916 Ch. 93 National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

Part I his share in the goodwill of the partnership practice and dis-

—conu tinguishes that share from his share in the profits of the partner-

ship, be deemed to have the share in the goodwill so defined, and in any other case his share in that goodwill shall be deemed to be the same as his share in the profits of the partnership: Provided that, if the partnership agreement contains a provision which was in force immediately before the appointed day and divides into shares the aggregate compensation payable in respect of the goodwill of the partnership practice or, as the case may be, payable in respect of the shares in that goodwill of the persons entitled to such compensation, that provision shall be deemed to effect a corresponding division of the goodwill of the partnership practice or, as the case may be. the aggregate of those shares therein.

Effect of 2. Where any partnership agreement to which the last pre-

changesin ceding section applies is subsequently modified or is replaced agreemem by a subsequent agreement, the agreement as so modified or, as green, B ’ die case may be, the new agreement shall, so long as at least two of the partners to whom the agreement relates were partners under the original agreement on and immediately before the appointed day, be deemed for the purposes of the last preceding section to be the original agreement, and any subsequent modification or replacement shall be treated in like manner so long as the condition aforesaid remains satisfied:

Provided that the last preceding section shall only apply in relation to the purchase, and rights and obligations in respect of the purchase, of a share in the goodwill of a medical partnership carried on under any such agreement, if the persons who are or would be parties to the purchase were members of the partnership on and immediately before the appointed day and the provisions of the agreement relating to the purchase are substantially the same as they were immediately before the appointed day.

Right of 3.—(1) Where any medical practitioner was practising in

medical partnership on and immediately before the appointed day but beentere? did not make an application before the appointed day for in-on lists after elusion in a list of medical practitioners undertaking to provide appointed day. general medical services, he shall, if he has made or makes on or at any time after the appointed day and before the expiration of the period of two months beginning with the date of the passing of this Act an application in the prescribed manner to the Executive Council for any area in which he was practising on the appointed day, be entitled to be included in the list of medical practitioners undertaking to provide general medical services for persons in that area, and section thirty-four of the Act of 1946 shall not apply to any such application and, if any such application made before the passing of this Act has been refused, the refusal shall not have effect and the application shall forthwith be granted.

1949 National Health Service Ch. 93

(Amendment) Act, 1949

(2) For the purposes of section thirty-six of the Act of 1946 (which provides for the payment of compensation for the loss of rights to sell medical practices), any medical practitioner who was practising in partnership on the appointed day and whose name was subsequently, but before the expiration of the period aforesaid, entered on any such list as aforesaid (whether by virtue of the preceding subsection or otherwise) shall be treated in like manner as if his name had been so entered on the appointed day, and compensation shall be determined in respect of his share of the goodwill of the partnership practice as at the appointed day.

(3) This Part of this Act shall apply, and shall be deemed always to have applied, to any such medical practitioner, and to the partnership agreement under which he carried on his practice on and immediately before the appointed day, in like manner as if his name had been entered as aforesaid on the appointed day, and he shall be deemed, for the purposes of section one of this Act, to be a listed partner and not to be a new listed partner.

4.—(1) Section one of this Act shall apply in relation to rights and obligations which were exercised or performed, or were required to be exercised or performed, on or after the appointed day and before the passing of this Act, under an agreement to which that section applies, subject to the following modifications: —

(a) for subsection (5) there shall be substituted the following

subsection: —

" (5) Where, under an agreement to which this section applies, the share of a listed partner in the goodwill of the partnership practice has been purchased (whether before or after the passing of this Act) by another listed partner, the compensation determined under subsection (4) of this section in respect of that share shall be paid, as soon as possible after the completion of the transfer of the share or the passing of this Act (whichever is the later), to the partner by whom it was purchased:

Provided that if the amount of the compensation exceeds the purchase price, the excess shall be paid to the partner whose share was purchased ";

(b) subsection (6) shall not apply;

(c) in subsection (7), the reference to an option conferred

by the agreement shall include a reference to an obligation imposed by the agreement and the reference to die date when the option was exercised shall be construed as a reference to the passing of this Act;

1917

Part I —cont.

Retrospective effect of s. 1 of Act.

1918

Part I —cont.

Modification of other medical partnerships in force on appointed day

Ch. 93 National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

(d) the reference in subsection (9) to the time when the purchase price is paid shall be construed as a reference to that time or the passing of this Act, whichever is the later; and

(e) for subsection (11) the following subsection shall be substituted: —

" (ID Where an agreement to which this section applies provides for the purchase of a share or part of a share in the goodwill of the partnership practice by two or more partners, any purchase made in pursuance of such a provision shall be treated for the purposes of this section as if it were two separate purchases by the two respective partners of such parts of that share as will, in accordance with the agreement, be added to the existing shares of those partners after the purchase, and the preceding provisions of this section shall apply accordingly."

(2) The preceding subsection shall, in relation to any agreement which, by virtue of subsection (3) of the last preceding section becomes, at any time after the passing of this Act and before the expiration of the period of two months beginning with the date of the passing of this Act, an agreement to which section one of this Act applies, have effect as if the references to the passing of this Act were references to the date on which the agreement becomes an agreement to which that section applies.

5.—(1) Where, in the case of a medical partnership carried on under an agreement in force on and immediately before the appointed day, the name of none of the partners has, before the expiration of the period of two months beginning with the . date of the passing of this Act, been entered on a list of medical practitioners providing general medical services, but the name or names of one or more of the partners has or have subsequently been entered on such a list, section thirty-five of the Act of 1946 shall not affect, and shall be deemed never to have affected, the exercise or performance under the agreement of any right or obligation of a partner to sell to, or purchase from, another partner any share in the goodwill of the partnership practice, but any such agreement shall have effect subject to the next following subsection.

(2) Where any such agreement imposes an obligation on a partner to purchase the share or any part of the share of another partner whose name has, at any time before the obligation would have had to be performed, been entered on any such list as aforesaid in the goodwill of the partnership practice, the obligation shall be deemed to be an option exercisable by notice in writing to purchase that share not later than three months after the time at which, and otherwise on the same terms as those on which, the obligation would have had to be performed.

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1919

6.—(1) Where an agreement in force on and immediately Part I before the appointed day provides for the performance of services —com. by a medical practitioner (hereafter in this section referred to as Existing agree-" the assistant ") as an assistant to another medical practitioner "ejjfc with (hereafter in this section referred to as " the employer "), and tg the name of the employer was on the appointed day, or has subsequently been, entered on a list of medical practitioners providing general medical services, section thirty-five of the Act of 1946 shall not affect, and shall be deemed never to have affected, the exercise or performance of any right or obligation conferred or imposed by the agreement on die assistant to purchase the goodwill or any part of the goodwill of the practice of the employer, or any right or obligation conferred or imposed by the agreement on the employer or his personal representative to sell the goodwill of his practice or any part thereof to the assistant, but any such agreement shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Where, in the case of any such agreement, the name of the employer was entered on the appointed day on a list of medical practitioners undertaking to provide general medical services, then, notwithstanding anything in section thirty-six of the Act of 1946 or in the preceding subsection—

(a) there shall be determined in accordance with regula-

tions made under the said section thirty-six the compensation payable in respect of the goodwill of the practice of the employer, in all respects as if the said section thirty-five of the Act of 1946 prohibited the sale of that practice, whether under the agreement or otherwise; and

(b) the payment of the compensation so determined and

of interest thereon shall be subject to the following provisions of this section.

(3) Where any agreement to which the last preceding subsection applies imposes an obligation or confers an option on the assistant to purchase the goodwill of the practice of the employer or any part thereof and, in the case of an option, the option is exercised, that goodwill or part shall, if the name of the assistant has, before the time when the obligation is required to be performed or the option is first exercisable, been entered on a list of medical practitioners undertaking to provide general medical services, be transferred to him at the time and on the terms (except as to the payment of purchase price) provided in the agreement, and there shall be paid to the employer or his personal representative, on or as soon as possible after the completion of the transfer, in complete satisfaction of the purchase price, the compensation determined as aforesaid in respect of the goodwill of his practice or, in the case of the transfer of a part of that goodwill, a proportionate part of that compensation.

1920

Ch. 93

National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

Part I —coni. (4) Where any agreement to which subsection (2) of this section applies imposes an obligation on the assistant to purchase the goodwill of the practice of the employer or any part thereof and the name of the assistant has not, before the time when the obligation would have had to be performed, been entered on such a list as aforesaid, the obligation shall be deemed to be an option exercisable by notice in writing to purchase the goodwill or part not later than three months after the time at which, and otherwise on the same terms as those on which, the obligation would have had to be performed. (5) Where the goodwill of the practice of the employer or any part thereof has been purchased by the assistant in pursuance of an option conferred by the last preceding subsection or in pursuance of an option conferred by the agreement and exercised at a time when the assistant was not entered on such a list as aforesaid, the compensation determined under subsection (2) of this section in respect of that goodwill, or as the case may be, a proportionate part of that compensation, shall not be paid and, in so far as it has been paid, shall be repaid to the Minister, and the interest on the compensation shall cease to be payable as from the date when the option was exercised: Provided that the amount of compensation payable in respect of any other medical practice or share thereof under section thirty-six of the Act of 1946 shall not be increased in consequence of the said compensation not being paid. (6) Where any agreement to which subsection (2) of this section applies contains provisions which take effect on the purchase of the goodwill of the employer’s practice or any part thereof, those provisions shall take effect in like manner on the transfer of that goodwill or part in accordance with this section, notwithstanding that the transfer does not constitute a purchase. (7) Where any agreement, not being an agreement to which subsection (2) of this section applies, imposes an obligation on the assistant to purchase the goodwill of the practice of the employer or any part thereof, that obligation shall, if the employer enters his name on such a list as aforesaid after the appointed day but before the time when the obligation would have had to be performed, be deemed to be an option exercisable by the assistant by notice in writing to purchase that goodwill or part thereof not later than three months after the time at which, and otherwise on the same terms as those on which, the obligation would have had to be performed.

Removal of hardships. 7.—(1) Every agreement to which section one or either of the two last preceding sections of this Act applies shall be deemed to contain a provision entitling any person who was a party to the agreement on and immediately before the appointed day and who claims that he has suffered or will suffer hardship in consequence of the operation, in relation to the agreement, of the

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1921

Act of 1946 or this Act or any regulations made under section thirty-six of the Act of 1946, to refer the matter to a single arbitrator to be appointed by agreement of all the parties or, in default of such agreement, to an arbitration committee appointed under this section.

(2) On any such reference, the arbitrator or committee shall have power to modify the provisions of the agreement or the operation, as respects the relative rights and obligations of such parties to the agreement as aforesaid, of the Act of 1946 or this Act or any such regulations as aforesaid in any such manner as he or they may think equitable for the purpose of removing or preventing such hardship, including a power to direct the payment or repayment of money by any such party to the agreement as aforesaid:

Provided that no such modification shall have the effect of increasing or diminishing the aggregate amount of compensation payable under the Act of 1946 or this Act in respect of the shares of the partners in the goodwill of any partnership practice, being shares in respect of which such compensation is payable, or, in the case of an agreement to which the last preceding section applies, the amount of compensation payable under the Act of 1946 in respect of the goodwill of the employer’s practice.

(3) Where the arbitrator or committee acting under the powers conferred by the last foregoing subsection modifies the operation of the Act of 1946 or of this Act or any such regulations as aforesaid in relation to the provisions of the agreement, he, or they, as the case may be, shall immediately report any such modifications to the Minister who shall, from time to time, and in any event, not less than one year after receiving such a report, lay a statement before Parliament, giving the number and brief particulars of all such reports received by him.

(4) On any such reference as aforesaid in the case of a partnership, the arbitrator or arbitration committee shall also have power to recommend that the partnership shall be dissolved and, if such a recommendation is made and proceedings are commenced, before the expiration of three months after the publication of the award, by any of the partners under section thirty-five of the Partnership Act, 1890, for the dissolution of the partnership, the recommendation shall, if made by a single arbitrator, be evidence, and, if made by the arbitration committee, be conclusive evidence, that it is just and equitable that the partnership should be dissolved; but, save as aforesaid, no such hardship as aforesaid shall be treated by the court under paragraph (/) of the said section thirty-five as a circumstance rendering it just and equitable that the partnership be dissolved.

(5) On any such reference as aforesaid in the case of an agreement to which the last preceding section applies, the arbitrator

Part I —com.

1922

Part I

— com.

Removal of certain doubts as to operation of 8. 35 of Act

Ch. 93 National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

or arbitration committee shall have power to determine the agreement on such terms, which may include the payment of money by either party, as the arbitrator or committee thinks just

(6) The said arbitration committee shall consist of three members, one of whom shall be a practising barrister, advocate or solicitor appointed by the Lord Chancellor, another shall be a medical practitioner appointed by the President of the British Medical Association who is or has been in general practice, and the third shall be appointed by the Minister and shall be a member of one or more of the following bodies:—

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and

Wales,

The Society of Incorporated Accountants and Auditors,

The Society of Accountants in Edinburgh,

The Institute of Accountants and Actuaries in Glasgow,

The Society of Accountants in Aberdeen,

The Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants,

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland.

(7) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to the members of the said arbitration committee such remuneration and allowances and such other expenses (if any) of the committee as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

(8) The provisions of the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934, with respect to—

(a) the administration of oaths and the taking of affirma-

tions;

(b) the correction in awards of mistakes and errors;

(c) the summoning, attendance and examination of wit-

nesses and the production of documents;

(d) the costs of the reference and award; and

(e) the enforcement of an award and the entry of judgment

in terms thereof;

shall, with any necessary modifications, apply in respect of any arbitration under this section, but, save as aforesaid, the said Acts shall not apply to any such arbitration.

(9) On any reference under this section, the arbitrator or arbitration committee may, and if so ordered by the Court of Appeal shall, state in the form of a special case for determination by the Court of Appeal any question of law which may arise before the arbitrator or arbitration committee.

8. It is hereby declared for the removal of doubts that section thirty-five of the Act of 1946 does not prevent the sale of the goodwill or any part of the goodwill of a medical practice carried on in any area, being a sale by a medical practitioner whose name has never been entered on a list of

1949 National Health Service Ch. 93

(Amendment) Act, 1949

an Executive Council for that area of medical practitioners undertaking to provide general medical services, notwithstanding that any part of the goodwill to be sold is attributable to a practice previously carried on by a person whose name was entered on such a list.

9,—(1) This Part of this Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the modifications set forth in the following subsections.

(2) For references to sections thirty-four, thirty-five and thirty-six of the Act of 1946 there shall be respectively substituted references to sections thirty-five, thirty-six and thirty-seven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1947 ") and for references to the Act of 1946 (without mention of any specific section) there shall be substituted references to the Act of 1947.

(3) For references to the Minister of Health there shall be substituted references to the Secretary of State.

(4) Section seven of this Act shall have effect as if—

(a) for references to the Lord Chancellor there were sub-

stituted references to the Lord President of the Court of Session;

(b) subsections (8) and (9) were omitted and there were inserted after subsection (7) the following subsections:—

(8) The arbitrator or arbitration committee to whom any matter is referred under this section shall have the like powers for securing the attendance of witnesses and the production of documents, and with regard to the examination of witnesses on oath and the awarding of expenses as if the arbitrator or committee were an arbiter under a submission.

(9) An arbitrator or arbitration committee to whom a matter is referred under this section may, and, if so directed by the Court of Session, shall, state a case for the opinion of that Court on any question of law arising in the proceedings on the reference, and the decision of the Court of Session thereon shall be final unless the Court of Session or the House of Lords give leave to appeal to the House of Lords, which leave may be given on such terms as to expenses or otherwise as the Court of Session or the House of Lords may determine.

(10) An order or award on a reference under this section may be recorded for execution in the books of Council and Session and shall be enforceable accordingly.

1923

Part I —cont.

Application of Part I to Scotland.

1924

Prohibition of full-time salaried practitioner service.

Prohibition of full-time salaried dental practitioner • service.

Regulations not to require specialists to be employed whole-time.

Reference of disputes as to conditions of service of persons employed or engaged in health services.

Ch. 93 National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

Part II

Miscellaneous and General

10. Subsection (1) of section thirty-three of the Act of 1946, and subsection (1) of section thirty-four of the Act of 1947, (which require Executive Councils to make arrangements in accordance with regulations for the provision of general medical services by ^medical practitioners) shall be amended by the addition at the end of each of those subsections of the following proviso: —

" Provided that the remuneration to be paid under such arrangements to a practitioner who provides general medical services shall not, except in special circumstances, consist wholly or mainly of a fixed salary which has no reference to the number of patients for whom he has undertaken to provide such services."

11. Subsection (1) of section forty of the Act of 1946 and subsection (1) of section thirty-nine of the Act of 1947 (which require Executive Councils to make arrangements in accordance with regulations for the provision of general dental services by dental practitioners) shall be amended by the addition at the end of each of those subsections of the following proviso: —

" Provided that the remuneration to be paid under such arrangements to a dental practitioner who provides general dental services elsewhere than at a health centre shall not, except in special circumstances, consist wholly or mainly of a fixed salary."

12. Section sixty-six of the Act of 1946 and section sixty-five of the Act of 1947 (which enable provision to be made by regulations with respect to the conditions of service of officers employed by bodies constituted under those Acts) shall be amended by the addition at the end of each of those sections of the following proviso: —

" Provided that regulations made under this section shall not contain any requirement that all specialists employed for the purpose of hospital and specialist services shall be employed whole-time."

13. —(1) Any difference or dispute arising with respect to the remuneration or conditions of service of persons employed or engaged in the provision of services under either the Act of 1946 or the Act of 1947, shall be deemed to be—

(a) a difference or dispute to which the Conciliation Act,

1896, applies; and

(b) a trade dispute within the meaning of the Industrial

Courts Act, 1919.

1949 National Health Service Ch. 93

(Amendment) Act, 1949

(2) The power of the Minister of Labour and National Service under paragraphs (6) and (c) of subsection' (2) of section two of the said Industrial Courts Act, 1919, to refer matters for settlement to the arbitration of one or more persons appointed by him or to a board of arbitration constituted in the manner specified in the said paragraph (c) shall be deemed, in the case of any such difference or dispute as aforesaid, to include power to refer the matter for advice to one or more persons appointed by him or to such a board of arbitration, and subsection (3) of section three of the said Act (which excludes the Arbitration Act,

1889, in relation to the references therein mentioned) shall extend to any reference made by virtue of this subsection.

14,—(1) Subsection (2) of section thirty-three of the Act of Removal from 1946 and subsection (2) of section thirty-four of the Act of 1947 lists P««o*m (which enable regulations to be made with respect to the pro- pr0vide n° vision of general medical services) shall be amended by the services, addition at the end of each of those subsections of the following paragraph—

44 ( e)for the removal from the list of medical practitioners undertaking to provide general medical services for persons in any area of the name of a medical practitioner in whose case it has been determined in such manner as may be prescribed that he has never provided or has ceased to provide general medical services for persons in that area."

(2) Subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Act of 1946 and subsection (2) of section forty of the Act of 1947 (which enable regulations to be made with respect to the provision of pharmaceutical services) shall be amended by the addition at the end of each of those subsections of the words "and

(c) for the removal from the list of persons undertaking to provide pharmaceutical services for persons in any area of the name of any person in whose case it has been determined in such manner as may be prescribed that he has never provided or has ceased to provide such services for persons in that area."

(3) Subsection (2) of section forty of the Act of 1946 and subsection (2) of section thirty-nine of the Act of 1947 (which enable regulations to be made with respect to the provision of general dental services) shall be amended by the addition at the end of each of those subsections of the following paragraph—

44 if) for the removal from the list of dental practitioners undertaking to provide general dental services for persons in any area of the name of a dental practitioner in whose case it has been determined in such manner as may be prescribed that he has never provided or has ceased to provide general dental services for persons in that area."

1925

Part II —com.

1926

Part II

—com

Additional functions of Medical Practices Committee.

Recovery of charges in respect of pharmaceutical services.

Recovery of charges from persons resident outside Great Britain-

Ch. 93 National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

(4) Subsection (3) of section forty-one of the Act of 1946 and subsection (3) of section forty-two of the Act of 1947 (which enable regulations to be made with respect to the provision of supplementary ophthalmic services) shall be amended by the addition at the end of each of those subsections of the following paragraph—

" (d) for the removal from the list of medical practitioners, ophthalmic opticians or dispensing opticians undertaking to provide supplementary ophthalmic services for persons in any area of the name of a medical practitioner, ophthalmic optician or dispensing optician, as the case may be, in whose case it has been determined in such manner as may be prescribed that he has never provided or has ceased to provide supplementary ophthalmic services for persons in that area."

15. Regulations made under section thirty-four of the Act of 1946 and regulations made under section thirty-five of the Act of 1947 may confer or impose on the Medical Practices Committee or, as the case may be, the Scottish Medical Practices Committee such additional functions in relation to arrangements for the provision of general medical services as may be prescribed.

16. Section thirty-eight of the Act of 1946 and section forty of the Act of 1947 (which provide for the making of arrangements for pharmaceutical services) shall be amended by die addition at the end of each of those sections of the following subsection: —

" (3) Regulations may provide for the making and recovery, in such manner as may be prescribed, of such charges, in respect of such pharmaceutical services, as may be prescribed, and may provide for the remission or repayment of the charges in the case of such persons as may be prescribed."

17. —(1) The powers of the Minister to make regulations under the Act of 1946 shall, notwithstanding anything in section one of that Act, include power to make regulations providing for the making and recovery, in such manner as may be prescribed, of such charges, in respect of such services provided under the Act of 1946, as may be prescribed, being services provided in respect of such persons not ordinarily resident in Great Britain as may be prescribed; and such regulations may provide that the charges are only to be made in such cases as may be determined in accordance with the regulations.

(2) This section shall apply to Scotland with the substitution for the reference to the Minister of a reference to the Secretary of State and for the references to the Act of 1946 of references to the Act of 1947.

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1927

18. —(1) The Minister may enter into an agreement with the governing body of any hospital to which this section applies for admitting officers of the hospital of such classes as may be provided in the agreement to participate, on such terms and conditions as may be so provided, in the superannuation benefits provided under regulations made under subsection (1) of section sixty-seven of the Act of 1946, in like manner as officers of Regional Hospital Boards, and the said regulations shall apply accordingly in relation to the officers so admitted subject to such modifications as may be provided in the agreement.

(2) The terms and conditions on which such officers may be admitted to participate in the superannuation benefits aforesaid shall be designed to secure that the aggregate payments made by the governing body of the hospital and by the officers are equivalent to the sums paid out of moneys provided by Parliament in respect of the superannuation benefits provided for the officers.

(3) The governing body of any hospital to which this section applies shall have all such powers as may be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to any terms and conditions on which their officers are admitted to participate in the superannuation benefits aforesaid.

(4) This section applies to any hospital (not vested in the Minister) which is used, in pursuance of arrangements made by the governing body of the hospital with a Regional Hospital Board, for the provision of hospital and specialist services.

(5) This section shall apply to Scotland with the substitution for the references to the Minister of references to the Secretary of State, and for the reference, to section sixty-seven of the Act-of 1946 of a reference to section sixty-six of the Act of 1947.

19. —(1) The Minister may direct that regulations made under subsection (1) of section sixty-seven of the Act of 1946 shall, subject to such modifications as may be provided in the direction, apply to such classes of officers as may be specified in the direction, being officers of a Government department serving on the medical or nursing staff of that department or at or for the purposes of a hospital maintained by that department, as if their employment were employment entitling them to participate in superannuation benefits provided under paragraph ( of that subsection, and in that event the said regulations shall apply accordingly.

(2) The Minister may direct that regulations made under subsection (1) of section sixty-seven of the Act of 1946 shall, subject to such modifications as may be provided in the direction, apply to any such officer as is mentioned in paragraph ( ) of that subsection who within twelve months after leaving his employment

Part II

—cont.

Superannuation of officers of certain hospitals.

Superannuation of certain officers of Government departments and of officers undertaking approved service.

1928 Ch. 93 National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

Part II as such an officer enters such other employment as may be —cont. approved by the Minister for the purposes of this section, as if the employment so approved were employment entitling him to participate in superannuation benefits provided under that paragraph, and in that event the said regulations shall apply accordingly.

(3) This section shall apply to Scotland with the substitution for the references to the Minister of references to the Secretary of State and for the references to section sixty-seven of the Act of 1946 of references to section sixty-six of the Act of 1947.

Appointment of practitioner members of Tribunal.

20.—(1) The Seventh Schedule to the Act of 1946 (which relates to the constitution of the Tribunal established for the purpose of inquiring into cases that may involve the removal of any person from a list prepared under Part IV of the Act) shall have effect with the substitution for paragraphs 4 and 5 of that Schedule of the following paragraphs—

"4. The remaining member (hereinafter referred to as the practitioner member ’) shall be appointed by the Minister from such one of the panels appointed as hereinafter provided as the Minister considers appropriate having regard to the profession or calling of the person whose case is being investigated.

For the purposes of this paragraph, the Minister shall, after consultation with such organisations as the Minister may recognise as representative of the several professions or callings concerned, appoint the following panels, none of which shall exceed six persons, that is to say—

(a) a panel of medical practitioners;

(b) a panel of dental practitioners;

(c) a panel of registered pharmacists;

(d) a panel of medical practitioners having the quali-

fications prescribed under section forty-one of this Act;

(e) a panel of ophthalmic opticians; and

if) a panel of dispensing opticians.

5. If any of the members of the Tribunal is unable to act in any case, a deputy may be appointed by the Lord Chancellor or the Minister as in the case of the appointment of the member in question and, if the member is the chairman, the deputy shall possess the professional qualifications required for the office of chairman, and, if the member is the practitioner member, the deputy shall be appointed from the same panel."

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1929

(2) Nothing in this section shall affect the constitution of Part II the said Tribunal for the purpose of inquiring into any case —com. the inquiry into which has commenced before the passing of this

Act.

(3) This section shall apply to Scotland with the substitution for references to section forty-one of, and to the Seventh Schedule to, the Act of 1946 of references to section forty-two of, and to the Eighth Schedule to, the Act of 1947 and for the expressions " Lord Chancellor " and " Minister ", wherever they occur, of the expressions " Lord President of the Court of Session " and 4‘ Secretary of State ", respectively.

21. —(1) It is hereby declared for the removal of doubts that Removal of any power conferred by the Act of 1946 to prescribe the doubts as to qualifications to be possessed by any medical practitioner power JS or ophthalmic or dispensing optician includes a power

to prescribe a requirement that the practitioner or qualifications, optician shall show, to the satisfaction of a committee recognised by the Minister for the purpose or to the satisfaction of the Minister acting on the advice of such a committee, that he possesses such qualifications, including qualifications as to experience, as may be mentioned in the regulations.

(2) In the application of this section to Scotland, for references to the Act of 1946 and to the Minister there shall be respectively substituted references to the Act of 1947 and to the Secretary of State.

22. —(1) It is hereby declared for the removal of doubts that Removal of the duty of a local health authority under subsection (2) of doubts as to section twenty-three of the Act of 1946 to secure that the number of local of certified midwives who are available in the authority’s area authorities in for attendance on women in their homes as midwives, or as connection maternity nurses during childbirth and from time to time therewith midwifery, after during a period not less than the lying-in period as therein

defined, is adequate for the needs of the area includes a duty to secure that the midwives so available as aforesaid are enabled to render all services reasonably necessary for the proper care of the women upon whom they so attend.

(2) It is hereby declared for the removal of doubts that the duty of a local health authority under subsection (2) of section twenty-three of the Act of 1947 to make adequate arrangements for the provision to women, by whom or on whose behalf application was made, of the services in their homes of certified midwives before and during childbirth and from time to time thereafter during a period not less than the lying-in period as therein defined, includes a duty to secure that the midwives whose services are so provided are enabled to render all services reasonably necessary for the appropriate care of the women upon whom they so attend.

3 R

1930

Ch. 93

National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(, Amendment) Act, 1949

Part II —cont.

Power of voluntary organisations to transfer property to local health authorities.

Cost of conveyance of certain persons under s. 27 of Act.

Payment by local health authorities of certain remuneration and expenses to medical practitioners.

23. —(1) Notwithstanding anything contained in the constitution or rules of any voluntary organisation formed for the purpose of providing a service of nurses for attendance on the sick in their own homes or of midwives, or in any trust deed or other instrument relating to any such organisation or service, any property vested in the organisation or held by any persons on trust for the organisation or service or for any specific purposes connected with the organisation or service may be transferred to a local health authority, on such terms as may be agreed between the authority and the organisation or trustees, with a view to the property being used or held by the authority for purposes similar to the purposes for which it was previously used or held.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the fifth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

24. Where a person has travelled from a place in the area of one local health authority to a hospital in the area of another local health authority for the purpose of attending at, or being accommodated in, that hospital in order to avail himself of any hospital or specialist services and, immediately after such attendance or on the termination of the period of his accommodation in the hospital (not being a period longer than three months beginning with the date of his admission to the hospital), he is conveyed by ambulance or other means of transport made available by the local health authority for the area in which the hospital is situated, in pursuance of their duty under section twenty-seven of the Act of 1946, from that hospital to the place from which he travelled as aforesaid or to any other place in the area of the local health authority within which the first-mentioned place is situated, the cost of that conveyance shall be repaid by the last-mentioned authority to the local health authority by whom the ambulance or other means of transport was made available as aforesaid:

Provided that any local health authority may agree to waive their rights under this section against any other local health authority, either in consideration of a periodical payment or without consideration.

25. —(1) Where a medical practitioner—

(a) carries out a medical examination of any person with

a view to an urgency order being made under section eleven of the Lunacy Act, 1890;

(b) is called in by a justice of the peace under section sixteen of the said Act and carries out a medical examination of any person brought before the justice under that section;

(c) carries out a medical examination of any person with a

view to his being placed under section three of the Mental Deficiency Act, 1913, in an institution within the meaning of that Act or sent to such an institution under section six of that Act; or

1949 National Health Service Ch. 93 1931

(Amendment) Act, 1949

(d) carries out a medical examination of any person with a part ll

view to his treatment as a voluntary patient under sub- —com.

section (2) of section one of the Mental Treatment Act, 1930, or his treatment as a temporary patient under section five of that Act;

the local health authority for the area where the person examined resides shall pay to that medical practitioner reasonable remuneration in respect of the said examination and in respect of any certificate or recommendation given by him with regard to the person examined and the amount of any expenses reasonably incurred by him in connection with the examination or the giving of any such certificate or recommendation:

Provided that—

(a) no payment shall be made under this subsection to a

medical practitioner in respect of an examination carried out as part of his duty to provide general medical services for the person examined or in respect of an examination carried out or any certificate or recommendation given as part of his duty as an officer of a Regional Hospital Board or a Board of Governors of a teaching hospital;

(b) this subsection shall only apply in a case where it is

intended, when the medical examination is carried out, that, if an urgency order or a summary reception order is made or the person examined is placed in or sent to such an institution as aforesaid or is treated as a voluntary or temporary patient as aforesaid, the whole cost of his maintenance and treatment will be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament under the Act of 1946.

(2) Section two hundred and eighty-five of the Lunacy Act,

1890 (which provides for the payment of remuneration and expenses to medical practitioners called in under the said section sixteen, if the justice of the peace so orders) shall cease to have effect

26.—(1) Where the Board of Control have, before the com- Validation of mencement of this Act, purported to make an order under sub- orders section (2) of section eleven of the Mental Deficiency Act 1913, detention8 providing for the continuance of any detention order, but the orders made Board have failed to make the order within the time limited by under the the said section eleven, then, unless it is shown that the order Mental purported to have been made under the said subsection (2) was ^ct 1913^ not made in good faith, the detention order purported to have ’ been continued shall be deemed not to have expired and to have been duly continued as if the order purporting to continue it had been made within the required time and otherwise in conformity with the provisions of the said section eleven.

3 R 2

1932

Ch. 93

National Health Service 12,13 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

Part II

—corn.

Reception into mental hospital of person under sixteen as voluntary boarder.

Recovery of expenses from in-patients engaged in remunerative employment.

Minor amendments and repeal.

(2) In this section the expression "detention order" means an order made under the Mental Deficiency Act, 1913, that a defective be sent to an institution for defectives, and the expression " institution for defectives " has the meaning assigned to it by that Act as amended by the Act of 1946.

27. A person under sixteen years of age shall not be received as a boarder in a mental hospital under section fifteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866, as amended by section fifty-nine of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, on his own application, but may be so received on an application by his parent or guardian, and the said section as so amended shall, in its application to any such person, have effect subject to the following modifications—

(d) for any reference to a person desirous of submitting himself to treatment there shall be substituted a reference to a person whose parent or guardian desires to submit him to treatment;

(b) for any reference to notice by a boarder of intention or

desire to leave the mental hospital there shall be substituted a reference to notice by the parent or guardian of the boarder of intention or desire to remove him from the mental hospital; and

(c) notwithstanding anything in the aforesaid section fifty-

nine, no person under die age of sixteen years shall be received into a mental hospital in pursuance of this section except with the previous assent in writing of one of the Commissioners of the General Board of Control for Scotland.

28. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (2) of section one of the Act of 1946, or subsection (2) of section one of the Act of 1947, it shall be lawful, in the case of any person for whom the Minister or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State is providing hospital and specialist services as an in-patient and who is absent during the day from the hospital where he is a patient for the purpose of engaging in employment for which he is remunerated, for the Minister or Secretary of State to require that person to pay such part of the cost of his maintenance in the hospital and any costs incidental thereto, as may seem to the Minister or Secretary of State reasonable having regard to the amount of the remuneration, and the Minister or Secretary of State may recover the payment so required.

29. —(1) The amendments specified in Part I and Part II of the Schedule to this Act, being amendments of a minor character, shall be made in the Act of 1946 and the Act of 1947, respectively :

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1933

Provided that the amendments of the Fifth Schedule to the Part n

Act of 1946 and the Sixth Schedule to the Act of 1947 relating —com.

to the Chairman of an Executive Council shall, except in a case where the office of such a chairman is vacant at the passing of this Act, only take effect, in relation to each Executive Council, when the appointment of the person holding office as chairman at the date* of the passing of this Act comes to an end.

(2) Subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Midwives Act,

1918, as amended by subsection (2) of section two of the Midwives Act, 1926, (which requires a medical practitioner called in to assist a midwife in case of emergency to submit within two months his claim for the payment of a fee by the local health authority) shall be amended by the substitution for the words "two months " of the words "three months."

(3) Section three of the Cancer Act, 1939 (which empowers the Minister to lend money to the National Radium Trust) shall cease to have effect.

(4) In the application of subsection (2) of this section to Scotland, for the references to subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Midwives Act, 1918, and to subsection (2) of section two of the Midwives Act, 1926, there shall be respectively substituted references to subsection (2) of section twenty-two of the Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915, and to subsection (2) of section four of the Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1927.

30. —(1) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Expenses and] Parliament any increase attributable to the passing of this Act receipts.

in any grants or sums payable under any other enactment out of moneys so provided.

(2) All sums received by the Minister or Secretary of State under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

31. —(1) In this Act— Interpretation.

the expressions " the Act of 1946 " and " the Act of 1947 " have the meanings assigned to them by section one and section nine of this Act respectively;

the expression " the appointed day" means the day appointed for the purposes of sections thirty-three to thirty-seven of the Act of 1946 and sections thirty-four to thirty-eight of the Act of 1947.

(2) Other expressions used in this Act shall, in the application of this Act to England and Wales, have the same meanings as in the Act of 1946 and, in the application of this Act to Scotland, have the same meanings as in the Act of 1947.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act.

1934

Part II

— If.

Short title and extent.

Section 29.

Ch. 93 National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

32.—(1) This Act may be cited as the National Health Service (Amendment) Act, 1949, and this Act, so far as it applies to England and Wales, and the Act of 1946 may be cited together as the National Health Service Acts, 1946 and 1949, and this Act, so far as it applies to Scotland, and the Act of 1947 may be cited together as the National Health Service (Scotland) Acts, 1947 and 1949.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) Subsection (3) of section eighty of the Act of 1946 (which provides for the extension of that Act to the Isles of Scilly) shall have effect as if the references to that Act included references to this Act.

SCHEDULE

Minor Amendments of the Acts of 1946 and 1947 Part I

Minor Amendments of the Act of 1946

In subsection (2) of section five (which provides for the treatment, at hospitals providing hospital and specialist services, of the patients of medical practitioners on the staff of such hospitals), after the words "medical practitioner," wherever they occur, the words "or dental practitioner " shall be inserted.

At the end of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section twenty-one (which requires facilities at health centres to be available for the provision of general medical services), there shall be inserted the words "and, on such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Minister, for the provision by medical practitioners of such other personal medical services (if any) as may be so determined in the case of a particular health centre."

In subsection (2) of section twenty-two (which empowers a local health authority to recover from persons availing themselves of maternity and child welfare services charges in respect of articles provided by the authority) for the words 44 any articles " there shall be substituted the words "residential accommodation, food or articles ",

At the end of subsection (1) of section twenty-three (which makes the local health authority the local supervising authority for the purposes of the Midwives Acts, 1902 to 1936) there shall be added the words "and in section five of the Midwives Act, 1902, for the words councils of the several counties and county boroughs ’ and the subsequent word councils there shall be substituted the words 4 local health authorities/ and in section two of the Midwives Act, 1918, for the words 4 several counties and county boroughs there shall be substituted the words 4 local health authorities ’ and for the words 4 those counties and county boroughs there shall be substituted the words 4 the areas of the local health authorities/ "

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1935

In subsection (4) of section thirty-one (which empowers the Minister to establish a joint committee for the areas of two or more Executive Councils and to provide, in relation to that committee, for any of the matters for which, in relation to an Executive Council, regulations made under the Fifth Schedule to the Act may provide), for the words "matters for which, in relation to an Executive Council, regulations made under the Fifth Schedule to this Act may provide " there shall be substituted the words "matters for which, in relation to an Executive Council, provision is or may be made by or under the supplementary provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act

In subsection (1) of section thirty-two (which relates to local representative committees) at the end of paragraph (c) there shall be inserted the words "or

(d) of the ophthalmic opticians and dispensing opticians providing supplementary ophthalmic services in that area ",

after " Local Pharmaceutical Committee " the word "or " shall be omitted and after the words "Local Dental Committee " there shall be inserted the words "or the Local Optical Committee

At the end of the said section thirty-two there shall be added the following subsections:—

" (3) The Executive Council may, on the request of the Local Medical Committee or the Local Pharmaceutical Committee or the Local Dental Committee or the Local Optical Committee for their area, allot to that Committee out of the moneys available to the Council for the remuneration of persons of whom that Committee is representative and who provide general medical services, pharmaceutical services, general dental services, or, as the case may be, supplementary ophthalmic services under this Part of this Act, such sums for defraying the administrative expenses of the Committee, including travelling and subsistence allowances payable to members of the Committee, as may be determined by the Executive Council with the approval of the Minister, and the amount of any such sums shall be deducted, in such manner as may be so determined with such approval, from the remuneration of the persons aforesaid.

(4) Any such Committee as aforesaid may, with the approval of the Minister, delegate any of their functions, with or without restrictions or conditions, to sub-committees composed of members of the Committee."

In paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of section thirty-three (which provides for the issue by medical practitioners providing general medical services of certificates reasonably required under or for the purposes of any enactment) after the word "of " there shall be inserted the words "such certificates as may be prescribed, being."

In section forty-six (which provides for the use of health centres by practitioners) after the words "general medical services " there shaft be inserted the words "or other personal medical services or ", after the words "subject to regulations " there shall be inserted the words "and to any determination by the Minister under section twenty-one

1936

Ch. 93

National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

of this Act ", and after the words "the Executive Council may there shall be inserted the words "subject to any such determination as aforesaid

In subsection (5) of section fifty-four (which provides for defraying out of moneys provided by Parliament any payments made in respect of loss of remunerative time or travelling or subsistence expenses to members of any body constituted under the Act) for the words "any loss of remunerative time or any travelling or subsistence expenses " there shall be substituted the words "any loss of earnings or additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses).*

At the end of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section sixty-seven (which relates to the superannuation of, among others, officers of voluntary organisations providing services under certain enactments) there shall be added the words "or under Part in of the National Assistance Act, 1948.*

In paragraph 2 of the First Schedule (which enables the Minister to make regulations for the making of payments to members of the Central Council and of standing advisory committees constituted under the Act and of committees and sub-committees set up under that Schedule in respect of loss of remunerative time and travelling and subsistence expenses) for the words "any loss of remunerative time or any travelling or subsistence expenses* there shall be substituted the words "any loss of earning? they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the Central Council or standing advisory committee, or committee or sub-committee set up as aforesaid.*

For sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 2 of Part IV of the Third Schedule (which enables the Minister to make regulations for the making of payments to members of Regional Hospital Boards, Boards of Governors of teaching hospitals and Hospital Management Committees in respect of loss of remunerative time, or if special circumstances justify it, in respect of travelling or subsistence expenses) there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph:—

" (c) for the making of such payments as may be prescribed to members of those bodies or committees in respect of—

(i) any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (other than expenses on account of travelling or subsistence) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform any approved duty; or (ii)

(ii) any travelling or subsistence expenses necessarily incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform any approved duty required to be performed at a distance of more than three miles from their usual place of residence.*

1949 National Health Service Ch. 93

(Amendment) Act, 1949

At the end of the said paragraph 2 there shall be added the following sub-paragraph:—

44 (e) for the payment by a Regional Hospital Board, Board of Governors of a teaching hospital or a Hospital Management Committee of such sums as may be approved by the Minister, as subscriptions to the funds of any association whose objects are approved by the Minister for the purpose of this sub-paragraph.*

At the end of the said Part IV of the Third Schedule the following paragraph shall be added:—

44 5. In this Schedule, the expression 4 approved duty *, in relation to a member of a body corporate constituted under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule or any committee of that body, means any of the following duties, that is to say—

(a) attendance at a meeting of the body or any committee thereof;

(b) the doing of any other thing approved by the body for

the purpose of, or in connection with the discharge of the functions of the body or any committee thereof;

(c) in the case of a member of the body, attendance as a

representative of the body at a conference or meeting convened by one or more such bodies or by any association of such bodies.*'

Paragraph 1 of the Fifth Schedule (which relates to the constitution of Executive Councils) shall be amended as follows—

(a) for the words 44 a chairman appointed by the Minister and twenty-four other members '* there shall be substituted the words 44 twenty-five members

(b) in sub-paragraph (b), for the word 44 four there shall be substituted the word 44 five *';

(c) at the end of the paragraph, the following words shall be added—

44 The members of an Executive Council shall from time to time, in accordance with such procedure as may be prescribed, appoint one of their members to be chairman of the Council *'.

After paragraph 2 of the said Fifth Schedule there shall be inserted the following new paragraph:—

44 2A. The term of office of the chairman of an Executive Council shall be such as the Council, when making the appointment, determine:

Provided that if the chairman ceases to be a member of the Council he shall also cease to be chairman."

For sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 3 of the said Fifth Schedule (which enables the Minister to make regulations for the making of payments to members of Executive Councils or committees thereof in respect of loss of remunerative time, or, if special circumstances justify it, in respect of travelling or subsistence expenses), there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph:—

44 (c) for the making of such payments as may be prescribed to members of the Council or any such committee in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or

3 R*

1938

Ch. 93

National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform any approved duty.*

In sub-paragraph (e) of the said paragraph 3 the words "and for the payment at the prescribed rates of any expenses reasonably incurred by representatives in attending meetings of any such association shall be omitted.

At the end of the said paragraph 3 the following proviso shall be added:—

" Provided that—

(i) a member of an Executive Council or the area of a local

health authority who are the council of a county borough or a member of a committee appointed by such an Executive Council shall not be entitled to any payments under sub-paragraph (c) of this paragraph in respect of travelling or subsistence expenses in respect of a duty performed within the area of the Executive Council except where the Minister authorises such payments in the case of any individual; and

(ii) a member of an Executive Council for the area of a local health authority who are the council of a county or for the area of two or more local health authorities or a member of a committee appointed by such an Executive Council, shall not be entitled to any payments under the said sub-paragraph (c) in respect of travelling or subsistence expenses in respect of a duty performed

• within the area of the Executive Council except in respect of duties performed at a distance of more than three miles from his usual place of residence *’.

At the end of the said Fifth Schedule the following paragraph shall be added:—

" 7. In this Schedule, the expression ‘ approved duty *, in relation to a member of an Executive Council or any committee thereof, means any of the following duties, that is to say—

(a) attendance at a meeting of the Council or of any committee thereof;

(b) the doing of any other thing approved by the Council foi the purpose of, or in connection with, the discharge of the functions of the Council or any committee thereof;

(c) attendance as a representative of the Council at a conference or meeting convened by one or more Executive Councils or by any association of Executive Councils whose objects are approved by the Minister.*

The provision of the Tenth Schedule which imposes a duty on medical officers of health who receive certificates or notices under certain sections of the Public Health Act, 1936, relating to infectious

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1939

diseases to send copies thereof within twelve hours after receipt to the local health authority, shall be amended as follows:—

(a) after the words "a certificate or notice under section one hundred and forty-four, section one hundred and forty-six, or section two hundred and forty-two of the said Act " there shall be inserted the words "or in respect of a disease notifiable in accordance with regulations made under section one hundred and forty-three of the said Act

(b) for the words "within twelve hours " there shall be substituted the words "within twelve hours, if possible, and in any case within forty-eight hours ".

Part II

Minor Amendments of the Act of 1947

In subsection (2) of section five (which provides for the treatment, at hospitals providing hospital and specialist services, of the patients of medical practitioners on the staff of such hospitals), after the words "medical practitioner ", wherever they occur, the words "or dental practitioner " shall be inserted.

At the end of section fifteen (which requires facilities at health centres to be available for inter aha the provision of general medical services) there shall be added the following subsection:—

"(6) Any medical practitioner providing general medical services at a health centre, may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, make use of the facilities available at the centre for the provision of such other personal medical services on such terms, including terms as to the payment of charges by the practitioner, and such conditions as the Secretary of State may determine."

In subsection (2) of section twenty-two (which empowers a local health authority to recover from persons availing themselves of maternity and child welfare services charges in respect of articles provided by the authority) for the words from " the aforesaid " to " prescribed " there shall be substituted the words "under the aforesaid arrangements there is provided anything that may be prescribed including residential accommodation, food or any other thing "; for the words "so supplied " there shall be substituted the words "for whom such provision is made "; and for the words "of supply " there shall be substituted the words "of such provision ".

In subsection (4) of section thirty-two (which empowers the Secretary of State to establish a joint committee for the areas of two or more Executive Councils and to provide, in relation to that committee, for any of the matters for which, in relation to an Executive Council, regulations made under the Sixth Schedule to the Act may provide), for the words "matters for which in relation to an Executive Council regulations made under the Sixth Schedule to this Act may provide " there shall be substituted the words "matters for which, in relation to an Executive Council, provision is or may be made by or under the supplementary provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act ".

3 R* 2

1940

Ch. 93 National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

In subsection (1) of section thirty-three (which relates to local representative committees) at the end of paragraph (c) there shall be inserted the words "or

(d) of the ophthalmic opticians and dispensing opticians providing supplementary ophthalmic services in that area", after " Local Dental Committee " the word "or " shall be omitted, and after the words "Local Pharmaceutical Committee " there shall be inserted the words "or the Local Optical Committee."

At the end of the said section thirty-three there shall be added the following subsections:—

" (3) The Executive Council may, on the request of the Local Medical Committee or the Local Dental Committee or the Local Pharmaceutical Committee or the Local Optical Committee for their area, allot to that Committee out of the moneys available to the Council for the remuneration of persons of whom that Committee is representative and who provide general medical services, general dental services, pharmaceutical services, or, as the case may be, supplementary ophthalmic services under this Part of this Act, such sums for defraying the administrative expenses of the Committee, including travelling and subsistence allowances payable to members of the Committee, as may be determined by the Executive Council with the approval of the Secretary of State, and the amount of any such sums shall be deducted, in such manner as may be so determined with such approval, from the remuneration of the persons aforesaid.

(4) Any such Committee as aforesaid may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, delegate any of their functions, with or without restrictions or conditions, to sub-committees composed of members of the Committee."

In paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of section thirty-four (which provides for the issue by medical practitioners providing general medical services of certificates reasonably required under or for the purposes of any enactment) after the word "of " there shall be inserted the words "such certificates as may be prescribed, being ".

In subsection (3) of section fifty-four (which provides for defraying out of moneys provided by Parliament payments made in respect of loss of remunerative time or travelling or subsistence expenses to members of any body constituted under die Act) for the words "any loss of remunerative time or any travelling or subsistence expenses " there shall be substituted the words "any loss of earnings or additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) ".

At the end of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section sixty-six (which relates to the superannuation of, among others, officers of voluntary organisations providing services under certain enactments) there shall be added the words "or under Part III of the National Assistance Act, 1948."

In paragraph 2 of the First Schedule (which enables the Secretary of State to make regulations for the making of payments to members of the Health Services Council and of standing advisory committees constituted under the Act and of committees and sub-committees set up under that Schedule in respect of loss of remunerative time and travelling and subsistence expenses) for the words "any loss of remunerative time or any travelling or subsistence expenses " there

1949

National Health Service

CAmendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1941

shall be substituted the words "any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the Health Services Council or standing advisory committee, or committee or sub-committee set up as aforesaid.’*

In paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule (which enables the Secretary of State to make regulations for the making of payments to members of the Hospitals Endowments Commission in respect of loss of remunerative time and travelling and subsistence expenses) for the words "any loss of remunerative time or any travelling or subsistence expenses " there shall be substituted the words "any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the Commission."

For sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 2 of Part IV of the Fourth Schedule (which enables the Secretary of State to make regulations for the making of payments to members of Regional Hospital Boards, Medical Education Committees and Boards of Management in respect of loss of remunerative time, or, if special circumstances justify it, in respect of travelling or subsistence expenses) there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph:—

" (c) for the making of payments to members of those bodies or committees in respect of—

(i) any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (other than expenses on account of travelling or subsistence) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred for the purpose of enabling them to perform any approved duty; or

(ii) any travelling or subsistence expenses necessarily incurred for the purpose of enabling them to perform any approved duty required to be performed at a distance of more than three miles from their usual place of residence."

At the end of the said paragraph 2 there shall be added the following sub-paragraph:—

44 (e) for the payment by a Regional Hospital Board or Board of Management of such sums as may be approved by the Secretary of State, as subscriptions to the fund of any association whose objects are approved by the Secretary of State for the purpose of this sub-paragraph."

At the end of the said Part IV of the Fourth Schedule the following paragraph shall be added:—

44 5. In this Schedule, the expression 4 approved duty *, in relation to a member of a body constituted under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule or any committee of that body, means any of the following duties, that is to say,—

(a) attendance at a meeting of the body or any committee thereof;

1942

Ch. 93

National Health Service 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Amendment) Act, 1949

(b) the doing of any other thing approved by the body for the purpose of, or in connection with, the discharge of the functions of the body or any committee thereof;

(d) in the case of a member of the body, attendance as a representative of the body at a conference or meeting convened by one or more such bodies or by any association of such bodies.’*

Paragraph 1 of the Sixth Schedule (which relates to the constitution of Executive Councils) shall be amended as follows—

(a) for the words "a chairman appointed by the Secretary of State and twenty-four other members there shall be substituted the words "twenty-five members *;

(b) in sub-paragraph (b), for the word "four ’* there shall be substituted the word "five *;

(c) at the end of the paragraph, the following words shall be added " The members of an Executive Council shall from time to time, in accordance with such procedure as may be prescribed, appoint one of their members to be chairman of the Council *.

After paragraph 3 of the said Sixth Schedule there shall be inserted the following new paragraph:—

" 3A. The term of office of the chairman of an Executive Council shall be such as the Council, when making the appointment, determine:

Provided that if the chairman ceases to be a member of the Council he shall also cease to be chairman.’*

For sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 4 of the said Sixth Schedule (which enables the Secretary of State to make regulations for the making of payments to members of Executive Councils or committees thereof in respect of loss of remunerative time, or, if special circumstances justify it, in respect of travelling or subsistence expenses), there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph:—

" (c)for the making of payments to members of the Council or any such committee in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred for the purpose of enabling them to perform any approved duty."

In sub-paragraph (e) of the said paragraph 4 the words "and for the payment at the prescribed rates of any expenses reasonably incurred by representatives in attending meetings of any such association" shall be omitted.

At the end of the said paragraph 4 the following proviso shall be added:—

" Provided that—

(i) a member of an Executive Council for the area of a local health authority who are the town council of a large burgh or a member of a committee appointed by such an Executive Council shall not be entitled to any payments under sub-paragraph (c) of this paragraph in respect of

1949

National Health Service

(Amendment) Act, 1949 Ch. 93

1943

travelling or subsistence expenses in respect of a duty performed within the area of the Executive Council, except where the Secretary of State authorises such payments in the case of any individual; and

(ii) a member of an Executive Council for any area other than as aforesaid or a member of a committee appointed by such an Executive Council shall not be entitled to any payments under the said sub-paragraph (c) in respect of travelling or subsistence expenses in respect of a duty performed within the area of the Executive Council except in respect of duties performed at a distance of more than three miles from his usual place of residence

At the end of the said Sixth Schedule the following paragraph shall be added:—

" 8. In this Schedule, the expression ‘ approved duty \ in relation to a member of an Executive Council or any committee thereof, means any of the following duties, that is to say—

(a) attendance at a meeting of the Council or any committee

thereof;

(b) the doing of any other thing approved by the Council for

the purpose of, or in connection with, the discharge of the functions of the Council or any committee thereof;

(c) attendance as a representative of the Council at a conference or meeting convened by one or more Executive Councils or by any association of Executive Councils whose objects are approved by the Secretary of State.*

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866

Arbitration Act, 1889

Partnership Act, 1890

Lunacy Act, 1890

Conciliation Act, 1896

Mental Deficiency Act, 1913

Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act,

Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915

Midwives Act, 1918

Industrial Courts Act, 1919

Midwives Act, 1926

Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1927

Mental Treatment Act, 1930

Public Health Act, 1936

Cancer Act, 1939

National Health Service Act, 1946

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 National Assistance Act, 1948

Session and Chapter

1913

29 & 30 Vict. c. 51.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 49.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 39. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 5.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 30.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 28.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 91.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 43.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 69.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 32.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 17. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 23.

... 26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 49. ... 2 &3 Geo. 6. c. 13.

... 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

... 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 29.

1944

Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12.13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

CHAPTER

Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Part I

Powers and Proceedings of Courts

Section

1. Absolute discharge.

Discharge

Probation

2. Probation.

3. Probation orders requiring treatment for mental condition.

4. Discharge, amendment and review of probation orders.

5. Failure to comply with requirement of probation orders.

6. Commission of further offence.

7. Probation orders relating to persons residing in England.

8. Supplementary provisions as to probation.

9. Effects of probation and absolute discharge.

10. Reports of probation officers.

11. Probation areas, probation committees and probation officers.

12. Approved probation hostels and homes.

13. Inspection of institutions for residence of probationers.

Abolition of certain obsolete , penal servitude,

and hard labour

14. Sentence for high treason.

15. Abolition of escheat, etc.

16. Abolition of penal servitude and hard labour.

Powers relating to young offenders

17. Restriction on sentence of death.

18. Restriction on imprisonment.

19. Detention in a detention centre.

20. Borstal training.

Powers relating to persistent offenders

21. Corrective training and preventive detention.

22. Power to order certain discharged prisoners to notify address.

23. Power to order the detention of persons of unsound mind.

24. Power to order the detention of mental defectives.

25. Change in procedure in the case of mental defectives undergoing

imprisonment, etc.

Adjournment, remand, etc.

26. Power of courts to adjourn a case after conviction and before

sentence.

27. Remand for inquiry into physical or mental condition.

28. Remand and committal of persons under 21.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1945

Miscellaneous provisions relating to jurisdiction, procedure, appeals, etc.

Section

29. Jurisdiction and procedure in respect of certain indictable offences

committed abroad.

30. Amendment of Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926.

31. Art and part guilt of statutory offence.

32. Provision for death or illness of judge presiding at trial on

indictment

33. Instructions by Lord Advocate as to reporting offences.

34. Proof of exceptions, qualifications, etc., in proceedings on

indictment

35. Proof as to productions in proceedings on indictment

36. Imprisonment for non-payment of fines imposed on conviction

on indictment

37. Payment by instalments of fines imposed on conviction on

indictment

38. Amendment of Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, s. 59.

39. Previous convictions in proceedings on indictment

40. Proceedings on indictment against bodies corporate.

41. Alteration of diet in indictment and in summary proceedings.

42. Amendment of False Oaths (Scotland) Act 1933.

43. Summary prosecution of uttering forged document

44. Power of court to refund bail.

45. Bail in summary proceedings.

46. Previous convictions in summary proceedings.

47. Exercise of power conferred on prosecutor by the Summary

Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1908.

48. Appeal where trial judge unable to state case.

49. Amendment of Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1908.

Part II

Administrative provisions and provisions as to

TREATMENT OF PRISONERS, ETC.

Institutions for offenders

50. Remand centres, detention centres and Borstal institutions.

51. Remand homes.

52. Acquisition of land for prisons and other institutions.

Rules for management of prisons, etc.

53. Rules for the management of prisons, remand centres, detention

centres and Borstal institutions.

54. Constitution and functions of visiting committees.

55. Amendment of Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1860 as to introduction

of prohibited articles.

Remission for good conduct and release on licence, etc.

56. Remission for good conduct and release on licence of young

prisoners.

57. Release on licence of persons serving imprisonment for life.

58. After Care Council.

Removal and transfer to and from prisons and other institutions

59. Temporary detention of persons liable to detention in a Borstal institution.

60. Transfers from prison to Borstal institution and vice versa.

1946

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Section

61. Removal of prisoners, etc., for judicial and other purposes.

62. Removal of prisoners, etc., to and from England and from the

Isle of Man or Channel Islands.

Treatment of persons of unsound mind and mental defectives

63. Establishment of State Mental Hospitals.

64. Removal of state mental patients, etc.

65. Treatment of persons transferred from prisons, etc., under the

Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, s. 10.

Miscellaneous

66. Persons unlawfully at large.

67. Legal custody.

68. Commutation of death sentence to sentence of imprisonment

69. Amendment of s. 75 of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland)

Act, 1937,

70. Powers of court in relation to absconders from approved schools,

etc.

Part HI Supplemental

71. Enlargement of powers of courts under the Children and Young

Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937.

72. Application to supervision orders of certain provisions relating

to probation.

73. Power to order detention in a remand centre under s. 71 of the

Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937.

74. Rules and orders.

75. Expenses and grants payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament

76. Transitory provisions.

77. Consequential and minor amendments.

78. Interpretation.

79. Short title, commencement, extent and repeals.

Schedules :

First Schedule.—Form of probation order.

Second Schedule.—Discharge and amendment of probation orders.

Third Schedule.—Administrative provisions as to probation. Fourth Schedule.—Borstal training.

Fifth Schedule.—Release on licence of persons sentenced to corrective training or preventive detention.

Sixth Schedule.—Registration of address and reporting at police stations by discharged prisoners.

Seventh Schedule.—Forms of notices to accused in criminal proceedings.

Eighth Schedule.—Release of young offenders from prison on licence.

Ninth Schedule.—Provisions relating to persons in England after discharge from prisons, etc., in Scotland.

Tenth Schedule.—Transitory provisions.

Eleventh Schedule.—Consequential and minor amendments. Twelfth Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1947

An Act to amend the law of Scotland relating to the probation of offenders, and the powers of courts under the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937; to abolish certain punishments and obsolete sanctions, and otherwise to reform existing methods and provide new methods of dealing with offenders; to alter the law relating to the proceedings of criminal courts in Scotland; to amend the False Oaths (Scotland) Act, 1933; to regulate the management of prisons and other institutions in Scotland and the treatment of offenders and other persons committed to custody; to make certain consequential amendments to the Criminal Justice Act, 1948; and for purposes connected with the aforesaid matters.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Powers and Proceedings of Courts.

Discharge.

1. Where—

(a) a person is convicted on indictment of an offence (other than an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law); or

(6) a person is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction with an offence (other than an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law) and the court is satisfied that he committed the offence,

the court, if it is of opinion, having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of the offence and the character of the offender, that it is inexpedient to inflict punishment and that a probation order is not appropriate may, instead of sentencing him, and, in the case of a court of summary jurisdiction without proceeding to conviction, make an order discharging him absolutely.

Probation.

2.—(1) Where—

(a) a person is convicted on indictment of an offence (other than an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law), or

Absolute

discharge.

Probation

1948

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

iScotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I. —cent.

(b) a person is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction with an offence (other than an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law) and the court is satisfied that he committed the offence, the court, if it is of opinion, having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of the offence and the character of the offender, that it is expedient to do so, may, instead of sentencing him, and, in the case of a court of summary jurisdiction without proceeding to conviction, make a probation order, that is to say an order requiring the offender to be under supervision for a period to be specified in the order of not less than one nor more than three years.

(2) A probation order shall be in the form as nearly as may be of the First Schedule to this Act and shall name the probation area in which the offender resides or is to reside, and the court making the order shall nominate a salaried or a voluntary probation officer, or a salaried and a voluntary probation officer to act jointly:

Provided that where the offender resides or is to reside in a probation area in which the court has no jurisdiction, the court, in Ueu of nominating a probation officer or officers, shall name the appropriate court, being such a court as could have been named in any amendment of the order in accordance with the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act, and that court shall nominate the probation officer or officers.

(3) Any salaried probation officer nominated in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection shall be selected from among the salaried probation officers for the area named in the probation order.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act relating to probationers who change their residence, an offender in respect of whom a probation order is made shall be required to be under the supervision of the probation officer or officers nominated as aforesaid.

(5) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, a probation order may in addition require the offender to comply during the whole or any part of the probation period with such requirements as the court, having regard to the circumstances of the case, considers necessary for securing the good conduct of the offender or for preventing a repetition by him of the offence or the commission of other offences.

(6) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection, a probation order may include requirements relating to the residence of the offender:

Provided that—

(a) before making an order containing any such requirements, the court shall consider the home surroundings of the offender; and

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1949

(b) where the order requires the offender to reside in an Part i. approved probation hostel, an approved probation —com. home or any other institution or place, the name of the institution or place and the period for which he is so required to reside shall be specified in the order, and that period shall not extend beyond twelve months from the date of the requirement or beyond the date when the order expires.

(7) Before making a probation order, the court shall explain to the offender in ordinary language the effect of the order (including any additional requirements proposed to be inserted therein under subsection (5) or subsection (6) of this section or under the next following section) and that if he fails to comply therewith or commits another offence during the probation period he will be liable to be convicted of and sentenced for the original offence or, if that offence was tried on indictment, to be sentenced therefor, and the court shall not make the order unless the offender expresses his willingness to comply with the requirements thereof.

(8) The clerk of the court by which a probation order is made or of the appropriate court, as the case may be, shall cause copies thereof to be given to the probation officer or •officers nominated in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section, to the probationer, to the probation committee for the probation area in which the probationer resides or is to reside and to the person in charge of any institution or place in which the probationer is required by file order to reside.

(9) Where a probation order requires the probationer to resiae in any institution or other place, not being—

(a) an approved probation hostel or approved probation home; or

(b) an institution in which he is required to reside for the purposes of any such treatment as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of the next following section,

the court shall forthwith give notice of the terms of the order to the Secretary of State.

3.—(1) Where the court is satisfied, on the evidence of Probation a registered medical practitioner appearing to the court to ?rders r©q*ir-be experienced in the diagnosis of mental disorders, that the J"jf ^entaT"* mental condition of an offender is such as requires and as conditio*, may be susceptible to treatment but is not such as to justify his being certified as a lunatic under the Lunacy (Scotland)

Act, 1862, or as a defective under the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, the court may, if it makes a

1950

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Part i. probation order, include therein a requirement that the —cont. offender shall submit, for such period not extending beyond twelve months from the date of the requirement as may be specified therein, to treatment by or under the direction of a

(2) The treatment required by any such order shall be such one of the following kinds of treatment as may be specified in the order, that is to say—

(a) treatment as a voluntary boarder under section fifteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866;

(b) treatment as a resident patient in such institution or place approved for the purposes of this section by the Secretary of State as may be specified in the order;

(c) treatment as a non-resident patient at such institution or place as may be specified in the order; or

(d) treatment by or under the direction of such registered medical practitioner as may be specified in the order;

but except as aforesaid the nature of the treatment shall not be specified in the order.

(3) A court shall not make a probation order containing such a requirement as aforesaid unless it is satisfied that arrangements have been or can be made for the treatment intended to be specified in the order, and, if the offender is to be treated as a voluntary boarder or as a resident patient, for his reception.

(4) While the probationer is under treatment as a voluntary boarder or as a resident patient in pursuance of a requirement of the probation order, the probation officer or officers responsible for his supervision shall carry out the supervision to such extent only as may be necessary for the purpose of the discharge or amendment of the order. 5

(5) Where the medical practitioner by whom or under whose direction a probationer is being treated for his mental condition in pursuance of a probation order is of opinion that part of the treatment can be better or more conveniently given in or at an institution or place not specified in the order, being an institution or place in or at which the treatment of the probationer will be given by or under the direction of a registered medical practitioner, he may, with the consent of the probationer, make arrangements for him to be treated accordingly; and the arrangements may provide for the probationer to receive part of his treatment as a resident

meni 01 me onenaer s mental conamon.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1951

patient in an institution or place notwithstanding that the mstitution or place is not one which could have been specified in that behalf in the probation order.

(6) Where any such arrangements as are mentioned in the last foregoing subsection are made for the treatment of a probationer—

(a) the medical practitioner by whom the arrangements are made shall give notice in writing to the probation officer or officers responsible for the supervision of the probationer, specifying the institution or place in or at which the treatment is to be carried out; and

(b) the treatment provided for by the arrangements shall be deemed to be treatment to which he is required to submit in pursuance of the probation order.

(7) For the purposes of subsection (i) of this section, and subject as hereinafter provided, a report in writing as to the mental condition of an offender purporting to be signed by & registered medical practitioner experienced in the diagnosis of mental disorders may be received in evidence without proof of the signature, qualifications or experience of the practitioner and shall be deemed to apply to such offender:

Provided that such a report shall not be so received unless the offender consents or, where he is under seventeen years of age, unless his parent or guardian consents or, if no parent or guardian can be found, unless he himself or his counsel or solicitor consents.

(8) Where a person of whose mental condition evidence is received for the purposes of subsection (i) of this section (or, where that person is under seventeen years of age, his parent or guardian or, if no parent or guardian can be found, he or his counsel or solicitor) desires to call rebutting evidence, the court shall not make a probation order in his case containing any such requirement as is authorised by this section unless he, or his parent or guardian, or his counsel or solicitor, as the case may be, has been afforded an opportunity of calling such evidence.

(9) Except as provided by this section, a court shall not make a probation order requiring a probationer to submit to treatment for his mental condition.

4.—(1) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the discharge and amendment of probation orders.

(2) Where a probation order, whether as originally made or amended under the said Schedule, requires the probationer to reside in an approved probation hostel or home or other

Part I. —coni.

Discharge, amendment and review of probation orders

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

institution or place (otherwise than for the purpose of submitting to treatment for his mental condition as a voluntary boarder or resident patient) for a period extending beyond six months from the date of the requirement, the probation officer shall, as soon as may be after the expiration of six months after that date, report on the case to the court by which the probation order was made or to the appropriate court.

(3) On receipt of any such report, the court shall review the probation order for the purpose of considering whether to cancel the requirement as to residence or reduce the period thereof, and may, if it thinks fit, amend the order accordingly without the necessity for any application in that behalf.

(4) Where, under the following provisions of this Part of this Act, a probationer is sentenced for the offence for which he was placed on probation, the probation order shall cease to have effect.

5.—(1) If on information on oath from the probation officer named in a probation order it appears to the court by which the order was made or to the appropriate court that the probationer has failed to comply with any of the requirements of the order, that court may issue a warrant for the arrest of the probationer, or may, if it thinks fit, instead of issuing such a warrant in the first instance, issue a citation requiring the probationer to appear before the court at such time as may be specified in the citation.

(2) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the court before which a probationer appears or is brought in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection that he has failed to comply with any of the requirements of the probation order, the court may—

(a) without prejudice to the continuance in force of the probation order, impose a fine not exceeding ten pounds; or

(b) (i) where the probationer has been convicted for the offence for which the order was made, sentence him for that offence;

(ii) where the probationer has not been so convicted, convict him and sentence him as aforesaid; or

(c) vary any of the requirements of the probation order, so however that any extension of the probation period shall terminate not later than three years from the date of the probation order.

(3) Where a court imposes a fine under this section, it shall, if the probationer is a child, and may, if the probationer is a young person, order that the fine be paid by the parent or guardian of the child or young person.

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(4) A fine imposed under this section in respect of a failure to comply with the requirements of a probation order shall be deemed for the purposes of any enactment to be a sum adjudged to be paid by or in respect of a conviction or a penalty imposed on a person summarily convicted.

(5) A probationer who is required by a probation order to submit to treatment for his mental condition shall not be deemed for the purpose of this section to have failed to comply with that requirement on the ground only that he has refused to undergo any surgical, electrical or other treatment if, in the opinion of the court, his refusal was reasonable having regard to all the circumstances.

(6) Without prejudice to the provisions of section six of this Act, a probationer who is convicted of an offence committed during the probation period shall not on that account be liable to be dealt with under this section for failing to comply with any requirement of the probation order.

6. —(1) If it appears to the court by which a probation order has been made or to the appropriate court that the probationer to whom the order relates has been convicted by a court in any part of Great Britain of an offence committed during the probation period and has been dealt with for that offence, the first mentioned court or the appropriate court may issue a warrant for the arrest of the probationer, or may, if it thinks fit, instead of issuing such a warrant in the first instance issue a citation requiring the probationer to appear before that court at such time as may be specified in the citation, and on his appearance or on his being brought before the court, may, if it thinks fit, deal with him in accordance with the provisions of paragraph of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section.

(2) Where a probationer is convicted by the court which made the probation order or by the appropriate court of an offence committed during the probation period, that court shall have the like power to deal at the same time with him for the offence for which the order was made as is conferred by the last foregoing subsection, as well as for the offence committed during the period of probation. 7

7. —(1) Where the court by which a probation order is made under section two of this Act is satisfied that the offender resides or will reside in England, subsection (2) of the said section shall not apply to the order, but the order shall contain a requirement that he be under the supervision of a probation officer appointed for or assigned to the petty sessional division in which the offender resides or will reside; and that division shall be named in the order.

1953

Part I. —coni.

Commission of further offence.

Probation orders relating to persons residing in England.

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(2) Where a probation order has been made under section two of this Act and the court in Scotland by which the order was made or the appropriate court is satisfied that the probationer proposes to reside or is residing in England, the power of that court to amend the order under the Second Schedule to this Act shall include power to omit therefrom the name of the probation officer named therein and to insert the provisions required by subsection (1) of this section; and the court may so amend the order without summoning the probationer and without his consent.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act an order as made or amended under this section shall not require the offender to reside in any institution, or to submit to treatment for his mental condition, but without prejudice to an ypower of a court in England to impose any such requirements under the next following subsection.

(4) Subsections (1) to (3) of section four and subsection (1) of section five of this Act shall not apply to any order made or amended under this section; but subject as hereinafter provided the provisions of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948 (except section eight of that Act) shall apply to the order as if it were a probation order made under section three of that Act:

Provided that in the application to any such order of section six of the said Act (which relates to breach of a requirement of

Mrobation order) paragraph (a) of subsection (2), paragraph of subsection (3) and paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of t section shall not apply, and paragraph (6) of subsection

(3) and paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of that section shall have effect as if for references therein to a court of assize or

Suarter sessions and the court of assize or quarter sessions iere were substituted references to a court in Scotland and to the court in Scotland by which the probation order was made or amended under this section.

(5) If it appears on inr " ’ cting for the

court (as defined in the Criminal justice Act, 1948) acts that a person in whose case a probation order has been made or amended under this section has been convicted by a court in any part of Great Britain of an offence committed during the period specified in the order, he may issue a summons requiring that person to appear, at the place and time specified therein, before the court in Scotland by which the probation order was made or, if the information is in writing and on oath, may issue a warrant for his arrest, directing that person to be brought before the last-mentioned court.

petty sessional division

supervising

1949

Criminal Justice

(iScotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1955

(6) If a warrant for the arrest of a probationer issued under Part I. section six of this Act by a court is executed in England, and —com. the probationer cannot forthwith be brought before that court,

the warrant shall have effect as if it directed him to be brought before a court of summary jurisdiction for the place where he is arrested; and the court of summary jurisdiction shall commit him to custody or release him on bail (with or without sureties) until he can be brought or appear before the court in Scotland.

(7) The court by which a probation order is made or amended in accordance with the provisions of this section shall send three copies of the order to the clerk to the justices for the petty sessional division named therein, together with such documents and information relating to the case as it considers likely to be of assistance to the court acting for that petty sessional division.

(8) Where a probation order which is amended under subsection (2) of this section is an order to which the provisions of this Act apply by virtue of section nine of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948 (which relates to probation orders under that Act relating to persons residing in Scotland) then, notwithstanding anything in that section or this section, the order shall, as from the date of the amendment, have effect in all respects as if it were an order made under section three of that Act in the case of a person residing in England.

8. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection Supplementary

(2) of section fifty-nine of the Children and Young Persons "

(Scotland) Act, 1937 (which enables a court to order theto probatloIU parent or guardian of a child or young person to give security

for his good behaviour) any court may, on making a probation order under this Part of this Act, if it thinks it expedient for the purpose of the reformation of the offender, require the offender, or if the offender is a child, his parent or guardian, or if the offender is a young person, the offender or his parent or guardian to give security for the good behaviour of the offender.

(2) Security may be given under the last foregoing subsection by consignation with the clerk of the court or by entering into an undertaking to pay the amount, but not otherwise and such security may be forfeited and recovered in like manner as caution. 9

9. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, a conviction on Effects of

indictment of an offence for which an order is made under probation and this Part of this Act placing the offender on probation discharging him absolutely shall be deemed not to be a con- 1 *

viction for any purpose other than the purposes of the

1956

Part I. —coni.

Reports of probation

officers.

Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

proceedings in which the order is made and of any subsequent proceedings which may be taken against the offender for an offence of which the first mentioned offence constitutes an aggravation:

Provided that where an offender, being not less than seventeen years of age at the time of his conviction of an offence for which he is placed on probation as aforesaid, is subsequently sentenced under this Part of this Act for that offence, the provisions of this subsection shall cease to apply to die conviction.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, the conviction of an offender who is placed on probation or discharged absolutely as aforesaid shall in any event be disregarded for the purposes of any enactment which imposes any disqualification or disability upon convicted persons, or authorises or requires the imposition of any such disqualification or disability.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not affect—

(a) any right of any such offender as aforesaid to appeal against his conviction; or

(b) the operation, in relation to any such offender, of any

enactment in force at the commencement of this Act which is expressed to extend to persons dealt with under subsection (1) of section one of the Probation of Offenders Act, 1907, as well as to convicted persons.

(4) Where an offender is placed on probation or discharged absolutely by a court of summary jurisdiction, he shall have the like right of appeal against the finding that he committed the offence as if that finding were a conviction.

(5) Where a person charged with an offence has at any time previously been placed on probation or discharged absolutely m respect of the commission by him of an offence which constitutes an aggravation of the first mentioned offence, it shall be competent, in the proceedings for that offence, to bring before the court the probation order or order of absolute discharge in like manner as if the order were a conviction. 10

10. Where a report by a probation officer is made to any court (other than a juvenile court) with a view to assisting the court in determining the most suitable method of dealing with any person in respect of an offence, a copy of the report shall be given by the clerk of the court to the offender or his solicitor:

Provided that if the offender is under seventeen years of age and is not represented by counsel or a solicitor, a copy of the report need not be given to him but shall be given to his parent or guardian if present in court.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1957

11. The provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act shall Part I. have effect with respect to— bat °^’

(a) the constitution of probation areas, and of proba- areas, tion committees and of case committees for those probation areascommittees

(b) the functions of probation committees and case com- ^P^obation mittees; and

(c) the appointment, functions, remuneration and conditions of service of probation officers.

12. —(i) The Secretary of State may approve premises for Approved the reception of persons who may be required to reside therein probation by a probation order or a supervision order, and such and premises shall be known—

(a) if the persons so residing are employed outside the premises, or are awaiting such employment, as

* approved probation hostels ";

(b) in any other case, as " approved probation homes ".

(2) The Secretary of State may make rules for the regulation, management and inspection of approved probation hostels and of approved probation homes; and such rules may in particular provide that no person shall be appointed to be in charge of an approved probation hostel or home unless the Secretary of State has consented to his appointment:

Provided that the rules shall not prohibit the making of such an appointment in case of emergency without the previous consent of the Secretary of State, but may, in that case, require notice of the appointment to be given immediately to the Secretary of State, and enable him, if he thinks fit, to require the appointment to be terminated.

13. —(1) Any institution, not being an approved probation Inspection ot hostel or an approved probation home, in which a person is jastitu.t^ons . required by a probation order or a supervision order to reside p°otat\on^re° otherwise than for the purpose of his submitting to treatmentp

for his mental condition as a voluntary boarder or resident patient shall, so long as he resides there, be subject to inspection by the Secretary of State unless it is, as a whole, otherwise subject to inspection by a Government department.

(2) A person appointed by the Secretary of State to inspect any such institution as aforesaid shall have power to enter the institution and to make such investigation of the treatment of any persons residing there as he thinks fit; and any person who obstructs him in the exercise of the power aforesaid shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

1958

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I. —coni.

Sentence for high treason.

Abolition of escheat, etc.

Abolition of penal servitude and hard labour.

Restriction on sentence of death.

Abolition of certain obsolete sanctions, penal servitude, and

hard labour.

14. The Treason Act, 1790, and the Treason Act, 1814, in so far as they enact that the sentence to be pronounced on conviction of high treason shall include the drawing of the person convicted on a hurdle to the place of execution, and, after execution, the severing of the head from the body, and the dividing of the body into four quarters, are hereby repealed.

15. —(1) No sentence or conviction for any crime shall involve any attainder or corruption of blood or any escheat.

(2) No person shall be sentenced by a court to outlawry or fugitation.

16. —(1) No person shall be sentenced by a court to penal servitude; and every enactment conferring power on a court to pass a sentence of penal servitude in any case shall be construed as conferring power to pass a sentence of imprisonment for a term not exceeding the maximum term of penal servitude for which a sentence could have been passed in that case immediately before the commencement of this Act:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as empowering a court, other than the High Court, to pass a sentence of imprisonment for a term exceeding two years.

(2) No person shall be sentenced by a court to imprisonment with hard labour; and every enactment conferring power on a court to pass a sentence of imDrisonment with hard labour in any case shall be construed as conferring power to pass a sentence of imprisonment for a term not exceeding the term for which a sentence of imprisonment with hard labour could have been passed in that case immediately before the commencement of this Act; and so far as any enactment requires or permits prisoners to be kept to hard labour it shall cease to have effect.

Powers relating to young offenders.

17. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section fifty-seven of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937: —

" (1) Sentence of death shall not be pronounced on or recorded against a person convicted of an offence if it appears to the court that at the time when the offence was committed he was under the age of eighteen years; but in lieu thereof the court shall sentence mm to be detained during His Majesty's pleasure; and if so sentenced he shall be liable to be detained in such place and under such conditions as the Secretary of State may direct."

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1959

18. —(i) No court shall impose imprisonment on a person Part I.

under seventeen years of age. —com.

Restriction on

(2) No court shall impose imprisonment on a person under imprisonment, twenty-one years of age unless the court is of opinion that no

other method of dealing with him is appropriate; and for the purpose of determining whether any other method of dealing with any such person is appropriate the court shall obtain from a probation officer or otherwise and consider information about his circumstances, and shall take into account any information before the court which is relevant to his character and his physical and mental condition.

(3) Where a court of summary jurisdiction other than a sheriff court or a stipendiary magistrate’s court imposes imprisonment on any such person as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, the court shall state the reason for its opinion that no other method of dealing with him is appropriate, and the reason shall be specified in the minutes required to be kept under section fifty-three of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908.

(4) His Majesty may by Order in Council prohibit courts from sentencing to imprisonment persons under the age of twenty-one years or such lower age as may be specified in the Order, and any such Order may be limited to particular classes of court or to persons of one of the sexes:

Provided that no Order in Council shall be made under this subsection until the Secretary of State is satisfied that the methods, other than imprisonment, available for the treatment of offenders afford to courts adequate means of dealing with the persons to whom the Order relates.

(5) A draft of any Order in Council under this section shall be laid before Parliament, and the draft shall not be submitted to His Majesty in Council unless each House of Parliament presents an Address to His Majesty praying that the Order be made. 19

19. —(1) Where a court has power, or would but for the Detention in last foregoing section have power, to impose imprisonmenta detention on a person who is not less than fourteen but under twenty-

one years of age, the court, if it has been notified by the Secretary of State that a detention centre is available for the reception from that court of persons of his class or description, may in lieu of imposing imprisonment order him to be detained in a detention centre to be specified in the order for a term not exceeding three months:

Provided that if the maximum term of imprisonment which the court might, or might but for the last foregoing section.

1960

Part I —coni.

Borstal

training.

Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Impose is less than three months, the term for which he is ordered to be detained as aforesaid shall be a term not exceeding that maximum term of imprisonment.

(2) A court shall not order a person to be detained in a detention centre—

(a) if he has been previously sentenced to imprisonment or Borstal training;

(b) if he is not less than seventeen years of age, and has previously been ordered to be so detained since attaining that age;

and shall not order any other person to be so detained unless the court has considered every other method (except imprisonment) by which the court might deal with him and is of opinion that none of those methods is appropriate.

(3) Where a person has been ordered to be detained in a detention centre in default of the payment of any sum of money then, on the payment of the whole or part of that sum, he shall be discharged, or, as the case may be, the term of his detention shall be reduced, in the same manner as if the term were a term of imprisonment.

(4) A court shall not make an order that an offender who is not less than fourteen years of age be committed to custody in a remand home under section fifty-eight of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, if it has been notified by the Secretary of State that a detention centre is available for the reception from that court of persons of his class or description.

20.—(1) Where a person who is not less than sixteen but under twenty-one years of age is convicted on indictment or is convicted summarily by a sheriff or a stipendiary magistrate of an offence punishable with imprisonment, and the court is satisfied having regard to his character and previous conduct, and to the circumstances of the offence, that it is expedient for his reformation and the prevention of crime that he should undergo a period of training in a Borstal institution, the court may, in lieu of any other sentence, pass a sentence of Borstal training.

(2) A person sentenced to Borstal training shall be detained in a Borstal institution, and after his release therefrom be subject to supervision, in accordance with the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

(3) Before a sentence of Borstal training is passed the court shall call for and consider a report on the offender's physical and mental condition and his suitability for such a sentence, which report it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to cause to be furnished to the court.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) 1949

Ch. 94

1961

(4) If on consideration of a report furnished in pursuance Part I. of the last foregoing subsection the court, either ex proprio —com. ‘motu or on the application of either party, thinks it expedient

to do so, it may require any person concerned in the preparation of the report or with knowledge of matters dealt with in the report to appear with a view to his examination on oath regarding any of the matters dealt with in the report, and such person may be examined or cross-examined accordingly.

(5) A copy of any report furnished under subsection (3) of this section shall be given by the clerk of the court to the offender or his solicitor at least two clear days before the diet at which the sentence is to be passed.

Powers relating to persistent .

21.—(1) Where a person who is not less than twenty-one Corrective years of age-

(a) is convicted on indictment of an offence punishable detention, with imprisonment for a term of two years or more; and

(b) has been convicted on at least two previous occasions since he attained the age of seventeen of offences punishable on indictment with such a sentence,

then, if the court is satisfied that it is expedient with a view to his reformation and the prevention of crime that he should receive training of a corrective character for a substantial time, followed by a period of supervision if released in accordance with the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act before the expiry of his sentence, the court may pass, in lieu of any other sentence, a sentence of corrective training for such term of not less than two nor more than four years as the court may determine.

(2) Where a person who is not less than thirty years of age—

(a) is convicted in the High Court of Justiciary of an offence punishable with imprisonment for a term of two years or more; and

(b) has been convicted on indictment on at least three previous occasions since he attained the age of seventeen of offences punishable with such a sentence and was on at least two of those occasions sentenced to Borstal training, imprisonment or corrective training;

then, if the Court is satisfied that it is expedient for the protection of the public that he should be detained in custody for a substantial time, followed by a period of supervision if

3 s

1962

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(■Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part i. released in accordance with the provisions of the Fifth

—cant. Schedule to this Act before the expiry of his sentence, the

Court may pass, in lieu of any other sentence, a sentence of preventive detention for such term of not less than five nor more than fourteen years as the Court may determine.

(3) For the purposes of subsections (1) and (2) of this section, a certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions that an offence is punishable on indictment in England with imprisonment for a term of two years or more shall be sufficient evidence of the matter so certified.

(4) A person sentenced to corrective training or preventive detention shall be detained in a prison for the term of his sentence subject to his release in accordance with rules made under subsection (6) of section fifty-three of this Act or the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, and while so detained shall be treated in such manner as may be prescribed by rules made under that section.

(5) Before sentencing any offender to corrective training or preventive detention, the court shall call for and consider a report on the offender’s physical and mental condition and his suitability for such a sentence, which report it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to cause to be furnished to the court.

(6) If on consideration of a report furnished in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection the court, either ex proprio motu or on the application of either party, thinks it expedient to do so, it may require any person concerned in the preparation of the report or with knowledge of matters dealt with in the report to appear with a view to his examination on oath regarding any of the matters dealt with in the report, and such person may be examined or cross-examined accordingly.

(7) A copy of any report furnished under subsection (5) of this section shall be given by the clerk of the court to the offender or his solicitor at least two clear days before the diet at which the sentence is to be passed.

(8) For the purposes of paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of this section a person sentenced to Borstal training on summary conviction of an offence shall be deemed to nave been convicted of that offence on indictment.

Power to order certain discharged prisoners to notify address.

22.—(1) Where a person is convicted on indictment of an offence punishable with imprisonment for a term of two years or more and that person—

(a) has been convicted on at least two previous occasions of offences for which he was sentenced to Borstal training or imprisonment; or

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1963

(6) has been previously convicted of an offence for which Part i he was sentenced to corrective training, —com.

the court, if it sentences him to a term of imprisonment of twelve months or more, shall, unless having regard to the circumstances, including the character of the offender, it otherwise determines, order that he shall for a period of twelve months from his next discharge from prison be subject to the provisions of this section.

(2) Where any such order as aforesaid has been made—

(a) the offender shall, on his next discharge from prison and thereafter from time to time, inform the appointed society of his address in accordance with such instructions as may be given to him by or on behalf of the society;

(b) if the offender fails to comply to the satisfaction of the appointed society with file aforesaid requirement to notify his address on his discharge, the society shall, and if he subsequently fails to keep the society informed of his address to their satisfaction, the society may, give notice of the failure to the Secretary of State, and shall if reasonably possible inform the offender fiiat the notice has been given;

and as from the date on which any such notice has been given as aforesaid, the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall apply to the offender.

(3) It shall be the duty of the governor of a prison on the discharge from prison of an offender against whom an order has been made under this section to serve upon him a notice stating the effect of the order.

(4) The Secretary of State may by a direction in writing relieve an offender against whom an order has been made under this section of any requirement of this section or of the Sixth Schedule to this Act; and any such direction may be made conditional upon the observance of such requirements as may be specified therein; and the Secretary of State may, if he is satisfied that any requirement so imposed has been contravened, cancel the direction.

(5) In this section the expression " the appointed society" means a society appointed for the purposes of this section by the Secretary of State who may appoint a society either to act in all cases or to act in such cases or classes of cases as he may direct.

3 s 2

1964

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Part I. Orders for the detention of persons who are of unsound mind —cont. or mentally defective.

S>WdTt°«rder 23*—W Where it appears to the prosecutor in any court of of pereorLs ot summary jurisdiction before which a person is charged with an unsound mind.offence that the person is of unsound mind, it shall be the duty

of such prosecutor to bring before the court such evidence as may be available of the mental condition of such person.

(2) Where a person is charged summarily in the sheriff court with any act or omission constituting an offence punishable with imprisonment, and the court is satisfied that the person did the act or made the omission charged, and is satisfied on the evidence of two registered medical practitioners that the person is of unsound mind and is also satisfied that he is a proper person to be detained, the court shall—

(a) order that he be removed to and received and detained in such mental hospital as may be named in the order; or,

(b) if the court is satisfied on the evidence of two registered medical practitioners approved for the purpose by the General Board of Control for Scotland that the person by reason of his mental illness is in a state threatening danger to the lieges or offensive to public decency and cannot suitably be cared for in a mental hospital, order that he be removed to and received and detained in such State Mental Hospital as may be named in the order.

(3) Where a sheriff is satisfied on the evidence of two registered medical practitioners approved for the purpose by the General Board of Control for Scotland that a person detained under an order made under paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection is in a state threatening danger to the lieges or offensive to public decency and cannot be suitably cared for in a mental hospital, the sheriff shall make an order that he be removed to and received and detained in such State Mental Hospital as may be named in the order, and the first-mentioned order shall cease to have effect.

(4) An order made under paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section shall be of the like force and effect as an order made under section fourte<

said subsection or under the las

be of the like force and effect as if it were an order made under section fifteen of that Act and as if any reference in that section to a mental hospital included a reference to a State Mental Hospital.

(5) Where a person is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction other than a sheriff court with any act or omission

Act. 1862, and an order made

1949

Criminal Justice

CScotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1965

constituting an offence punishable with imprisonment, the Part i. court, if it appears to it that such person may be of unsound —cont. mind, shall remit him to the sheriff court in the manner provided by section nine of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, and the sheriff court shall, on any such remit being made, have the like power with regard to such person as if he had been charged before that court with the said act or omission.

(6) The court by which an order is made under this section shall send to the mental hospital or, as the case may be, the State Mental Hospital named in the order such information in the possession of the court as it considers likely to be of assistance in dealing with the person to whom the order relates.

(7) The foregoing provisions of this section shall, until the day appointed for the coming into force of section sixty-three of this Act, have effect with the substitution for any reference to a State Mental Hospital of a reference to the lunatic department of Perth Prison.

24.—(1) Where it appears to the prosecutor in any court Power to order before which a person is charged with an offence that the t^e person is a defective within the meaning of the Mental Defi- defrctives. ciency (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940, it shall be the duty of such prosecutor to bring before the court such evidence as may be available of the mental condition of such accused person.

(2) Where a person is convicted in the High Court of Justiciary or the sheriff court of any offence and the court is satisfied on the evidence of two registered medical practitioners one of whom shall be a medical practitioner approved for the purpose by the General Board of Control for Scotland that the person is a defective within the meaning of the Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940, the court may (in lieu of dealing with him in any other manner) order that he be removed to and received and detained in such institution for mental defectives as may be named in the order or that he be placed under guardianship.

(3) Where a person is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction, other than a sheriff court, with any offence, the court, if it appears to it that such person may be a defective within the meaning of the Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acts,

1913 and 1940, shall remit him to the sheriff court in the manner provided by section nine of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, and the sheriff court shall, on any such remit being made, have the like power with regard to such person as if he had been charged before that court with the said offence.

1966

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I. —coni.

Change in procedure in the case of mental defectives undergoing imprisonment, etc.

(4) The court by which an order is made under this section shall send to the institution named in the order such information in the possession of the court as it considers likely to be of assistance in dealing with the person to whom the order relates.

(5) An order made under this section shall be of the like force and effect as a judicial order under the Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940.

(6) Section nine of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913 shall, in so far as it relates to persons charged with offences, cease to have effect.

25. The following section shall be substituted for section ten of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913: —

" 10. Where a sheriff on an application by the Secretary of State is satisfied on the evidence of two registered medical practitioners, one of whom shall be a medical practitioner approved for the purpose by the General Board of Control for Scotland, that a person who is detained (otherwise than while awaiting trial or sentence or under civil process) in a prison or other institution to which the Prisons (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1926, apply, or in a remand home, or in a school approved under section eighty-three of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, or in an inebriate reformatory, or who is detained in a State Mental Hospital, is a defective, the sheriff may make an order—

(a) that he be transferred therefrom and sent to such institution for defectives as may be named in the order; or

(b) that he be placed under guardianship;

and any order so made shall have the like effect as a judicial order under this Act

Power of courts to adjourn a case after conviction and before sentence.

Adjournment, etc.

26. It is hereby declared that the power of a court to adjourn the hearing of a case includes power, after a person has been convicted of the court has found that he committed the offence and before he has been sentenced or otherwise dealt with, to adjourn the case for the purpose of enabling inquiries to be made or of determining the most suitable method of dealing with his case:

Provided that a court shall not for the purpose aforesaid adjourn the hearing of a case for any single period exceeding three weeks.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1967

27.—(i) Without prejudice to any powers exercisable by Part I. a court under the last foregoing section, where a person is charged before a court with an offence punishable with into imprisonment, and the court is satisfied that he committed the phyScai or offence but is of opinion that an inquiry ought to be made mental into his physical or mental condition before the method of condition, dealing with him is determined, the court shall remand him in custody or on bail for such period or periods, no single period exceeding three weeks, as the court thinks necessary to enable a medical examination and report to be made.

(2) Where a person is remanded on bail under this section, ban shall be found by bail bond, and it shall be a condition of the bond that he shall undergo medical examination by a registered medical practitioner at such institution or place as may be specified in the bond or by such registered medical practitioner as may be so specified; and, if arrangements have been made for his reception, it may be a condition of the bond that the person shall, for the purpose of the examination, reside, for such period as may be specified, in an institution or place so specified, not being an institution or place to which he could have been remanded in custody.

(3) Where a person remanded on bail under this section fails to comply with any such condition of the bond as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, the bail may be forfeited.

(4) On exercising the powers conferred by this section the court shall—

(a) where the person is remanded in custody, send to the

institution or place in which he is detained; and

(b) where the person is released on bail, send to the institution or place at which or the person by whom he is to be examined,

a statement of the reasons for which the court is of opinion that an inquiry ought to be made into his physical or mental condition, ana of any information before the court about his physical or mental condition. 5

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the Lunacy (Scotland) Acte, 1857 to 1913, or the Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acte, 1913 and 1940, a person who has been remanded on bail under this section may be received for the purposes of medical examination in a mental hospital within the meaning of the Lunacy (Scotland) Acte, 1857 to 1913, or in an institution for defectives within the meaning of the Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acte, 1913 and 1940:

Provided that a person received under this section in a private mental hospital or in an institution shall, for the

1968

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I. purposes of section twenty-eight of the Lunacy (Scotland) —cont. Act, 1857 or of any regulations under section thirty-one of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, relating to the number of patients who may be so received, as the case may be, be reckoned as a patient.

Remand and committal of persons under 21.

28.—(1) Where a court remands or commits for trial or for sentence a person under twenty-one years of age who is charged with or convicted of an offence and is not released on bail, then, except as otherwise expressly provided by this section, the following provisions shall have effect, that is to say—

(a) if he is under fourteen years of age, he shall be committed to a remand home;

(b) if he is not less than fourteen but under seventeen years of age, he shall be committed to a remand home unless the court certifies that he is of so unruly a character that he cannot safely be detained in a remand home or of so depraved a character that he is not fit to be so detained;

(c) if he is not less than seventeen years of age, or if the court certifies as mentioned in the last foregoing

Paragraph, and the court has been notified by the ecretaiy of State that a remand centre is available for the reception from that court of persons of his class or description, he shall be committed to a remand centre,

instead of being committed to prison.

(2) Where a person being not less than fourteen but under seventeen years of age is remanded in custody under the last foregoing section of this Act for an inquiry into his physical or mental condition, and the court is satisfied that facilities for such an inquiry during his detention in the remand home to which he would, but for this subsection, have been committed are not provided or otherwise made available under this Act, then if the court has been notified that a remand centre is available for the reception from that court of persons Df his class or description, he shall be committed to a remand centre.

(3) Where any person is committed to a remand home or a remand centre under any provision of this Act, the home or centre shall be specified in the warrant and he shall there be detained for the period for which he is remanded or until he is liberated in due course of law.

(4) Where any person has been committed to a remand home under any provision of this Act, the court by which he was committed, or, if application cannot conveniently be

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94 1969

(Scotland) Act, 1949

made to that court, the sheriff having jurisdiction in the place Part i. where that court sat, may vary the commitment by sub- —com. stituting another remand home for that remand home; and if the person so committed is not less than fourteen years of age and it appears to the court that he is of so unruly a character that he cannot safely be detained in a remand home, or to be of so depraved a character that he is not a fit person to be so detained, the court may revoke the commitment and commit the said person—

(a) if the court has been notified that a remand centre is available for the reception from that court of persons of his class or description, to a remand centre; and

(b) if the court has not been so notified, to a prison.

Miscellaneous provisions relating to procedure,

appeals, etc.

29.—(i) Any British subject who in a country outside the Jurisdiction

United Kingdom does any act or makes any omission which if pr°^dure

done or made in Scotland would constitute the crime of

murder or of culpable homicide shall be guilty of the same indictable

crime and subject to the same punishment as if the act or omis- offences

sion had been done or made in Scotland. committed

abroad.

(2) Any British subject employed under His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom in the service of the Crown who, in a foreign country, when acting or purporting to act in the course of his employment, does any act or makes any omission which if done or made in Scotland would constitute an offence punishable on indictment shall be guilty of the same offence, and subject to the same punishment, as if the act or omission had been done or made in Scotland.

(3) A person may be proceeded against, indicted, tried and punished for an offence under this section in any county or place in Scotland in which he is apprehended or is in custody as if the offence had been committed in that county or place; and the offence shall, for all purposes incidental to or consequential on the trial or punishment thereof, be deemed to have been committed in that county or place.

30.—(1) For subsection (4) of section nine of the Criminal Amendment Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1920, there shall be substituted the of Criminal Mowing subsection— (sSrtiand)

(4)—(a) The time during which an appellant, after Act, 1926. admission to bail under this section, is at large pending the determination of his appeal shall not be reckoned as part of any term of imprisonment under his sentence;

3 s*

1970 Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

CScotlan Act, 1949

Part I. (6) The time during which an appellant is in custody

—cont. pending the determination of his appeal shall, subject

to any direction which the Court may give to the contrary, be reckoned as part of any term of imprisonment under his sentence;

(c) Imprisonment under the sentence of an appellant shall, subject to any direction which the Court may give to the contrary, be deemed to run, if the appellant is in custody, as from the date on which the sentence was passed by the court of trial, and to begin to run or to be resumed, if the appellant is not in custody, as from the date on which he is received into prison under the sentence;

(d) In this subsection references to a prison and imprisonment shall include respectively references to a Borstal institution, detention centre or remand home and to detention in such institution, centre or home, and any reference to a sentence shall be construed as a reference to a sentence passed by the court of trial or by the Court on appeal as the case may require.

(2) The power of the Secretary of State under section sixteen of the said Act to refer to the High Court of Justiciary the case, or any point arising on the case, of a person convicted on indictment, shall be exercisable whether or not that person has petitioned for the exercise of His Majesty's mercy.

Art and part guilt of statutory offence.

31. For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared that a person may be convicted of, and punished for, a contravention of any statute or order, notwithstanding that he was guilty of such contravention as art and part only.

Provision for 32.—(1) Where at any sitting of the High Court of

death or Justiciary or of the sheriff court for the trial of cases on

llr2Sine atdge indictment, the court is unable to proceed owing to the death trial ong or illness of the presiding judge, it shall be lawful for the indictment. clerk of COUTt—

(a) in the case where the diet has not been called, to convene the court and adjourn that diet and any other diet appointed for that sitting to a later sitting; (б) *

(b) in the case where the diet has been called but no

evidence has been led, to adjourn the diet or any

other diet appointed for that sitting to a later sitting;

and

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1971

(c) where evidence has been led, to desert the diet pro Part I. loco et tempore and to discharge the jury; —cont.

and any such continuation, adjournment, desertion or other proceeding shall be entered in the record by the clerk of court.

(2) Where a diet is deserted in pursuance of paragraph (c) of the last foregoing subsection it shall be lawful for the Lord Advocate to raise and insist in a new indictment, and in any such case where the accused is in custody it shall not be necessary that a new warrant for his incarceration be granted, and the warrant of commitment on which he is at the time in custody till liberation in due course of law shall continue in force, and in any such case where the accused is at liberty on bail his bail shall continue in force.

33. The Lord Advocate may from time to time issue instruc- instructions by tions to a chief constable or to chief constables with regard to Lord Advocate the reporting, for consideration of the question of prosecution, to reporting of offences alleged to have been committed within the area or offences' areas of such chief constable or chief constables, and it shall

be the duty of a chief constable to whom any such instruction is issued to secure compliance therewith.

34. The provisions of paragraphs (3) and (5) of section Proof of nineteen of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908 captions, (which relate respectively to the proof of exceptions, etc., and etc bi 0nS of qualifications necessary to the commission of an offence) proceedings on shall apply to procedure under indictment in like manner as indictment, they apply to summary procedure and accordingly paragraph

(4) of section seventy-seven of the said Act shall have effect as if for the words " Sections ten " there were substituted the words "Section ten, paragraphs (3) and (5) of section nineteen, section ". 35

35. Where, in any proceedings on indictment, a person who Proof as to

has examined a production is adduced to give evidence with productions in regard thereto and the production has been lodged at least on

eight days before the second diet, it shall not be necessary to

prove that the production was received by him in the condition in which it was taken possession of by the procurator fiscal or the police and returned by him after his examination of it to the procurator fiscal or the police unless the accused, at least four days before the second diet gives to the Crown Agent, where he is cited to the High Court of Justiciary for the second diet, or to the procurator fiscal of the district to the court of which he is cited for the second diet, where the case is to be tried in file sheriff court, written notice that he does not admit that the production was received or returned as aforesaid.

3 s* 2

1972

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I.

--CO fit.

Imprisonment for non payment of fines imposed on conviction on indictment.

36. Section seventy-seven of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, in so far as it directs that section forty-eight thereof shall apply to procedure under indictment shall cease to have effect and the maximum period of imprisonment that may be imposed in default of the payment 01 a fine imposed on conviction on indictment shall be as follows: —

Amount of Fine.

Not exceeding twenty pounds

Exceeding twenty but not exceeding one

hundred pounds

Exceeding one hundred but not exceeding

five hundred pounds

Exceeding five hundred pounds

Period of Imprisonment.

Three months.

Four months.

Six months. Twelve months.

Payment by 37.—(1) Where a court imposes a fine on a person convicted

instalments of on indictment, the court may, either at the same or at any on Conviction subsequent time, order payment of the fine by instalments of on indictment, such amounts, and at such times, as it may think fit, and where any instalment is not paid at the time so ordered, that person shall be liable to imprisonment for such period as bears to the period specified in default of payment of the fine the same proportion, as nearly as may be, as the sum of the unpaid instalments bears to the total amount of the fine.

(2) Where in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection a person is imprisoned in default of payment of any instalment of a fine, and there is paid to the governor of the prison in which the said person is imprisoned a sum in part satisfaction of the sum of the unpaid instalments of the said fine, the term of imprisonment of the said person shall be reduced by a number 01 days bearing as nearly as possible the same proportion to the total number of days for which he was sentenced as the sum so paid bears to the sum for which he is liable.

(3) Where a court has imposed a fine on a person convicted on indictment and has ordered payment of the fine by instalments in accordance with the terms of subsection (1) of this section, the court may at any time before imprisonment has followed on the sentence, without requiring the attendance of the accused, reduce the amount, or allow further time for the payment, of any instalment (whether the time for payment thereof has or has not expired), or order payment of the fine, so far as unpaid, by instalments of smaller amounts or at longer intervals than originally ordered.

(4) The High Court of Justiciary may by Act of Adjournal regulate the procedure to be followed in cases arising under this section.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1973

38. The power conferred by section fifty-nine of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, both as originally enacted, and as applied to summary proceedings by section five of and Schedule B to the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, to convict a person of an offence other than that with which he is chargea in an indictment or complaint shall be exercisable by the sheriff court before which such person is tried notwithstanding that that other offence was committed outside the jurisdiction of that sheriff court.

39. —(1) The following provisions shall have effect with regard to previous convictions of persons proceeded against on indictment—

(a) No mention shall be made in the indictment of previous convictions, nor shall extracts of previous convictions be included in the list of productions annexed to the indictment;

(b) If the prosecutor desires to place before the court any previous conviction as an aggravation of any charge contained in the indictment, he shall cause to be served on the accused with the indictment a notice in the form as nearly as may be of Form No. 1 of the Seventh Schedule to this Act and any conviction set forth in that notice shall be held to apply to the accused unless he gives, in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph, written intimation objecting to such conviction on the ground that it does not apply to him or is otherwise inadmissible;

(c) Where the accused pleads not guilty at the first diet intimation objecting to a conviction under the last foregoing paragraph shall be given, at least five clear days before the second diet, to the Crown Agent, where the accused is cited to the High Court of Justiciary for the second diet, or to the procurator fiscal of the district to the court of which the accused is cited for the second diet where the case is to be tried in the sheriff court; and where the accused pleads guilty at the first diet, no objection to any such conviction shall be entertained unless the accused has given at least two clear days before that diet intimation to the procurator fiscal of the district to the court of which the accused is cited for that diet;

(d) Where notice is given by the accused under section thirty-one of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, of his intention to plead guilty and the prosecutor desires to place before the court any previous conviction as an aggravation of the charge, he shall cause to be served on the accused with the

Part I.

—cont.

Amendment of Criminal Procedure (Scotland)

Act, 1887, s. 59.

Previous convictions in proceedings on indictment.

1974

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I. —cont.

Proceeding on indictments against bodies corporate.

indictment a notice in the form as nearly as may be of Form No. i of the Seventh Schedule to this Act, and any conviction set forth in that notice shall be held to apply to the accused unless within two days after service of the notice he gives to the procurator fiscal written intimation objecting to such conviction on the ground that it does not apply to him or is otherwise inadmissible;

(e) Previous convictions shall not be laid before the presiding judge until the prosecutor moves for sentence, and in that event the prosecutor shall lay before the judge a copy of the notice referred to in paragraph (b) or paragraph (d) of this subsection; (/) Where any such intimation as aforesaid is given it shall be competent to prove any previous conviction included therein in the manner set forth in section sixty-six of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, and the provisions of the said section shall apply accordingly.

(2) Any conviction which is admitted in evidence by the court under the last foregoing subsection shall be entered in the record of the trial.

(3) Nothing herein contained shall prevent evidence of previous convictions being led in any case where such evidence is competent in support of a substantive charge.

40.—(1) In any proceedings on indictment against a body corporate the indictment may be served by delivery of a copy of the indictment with notice to appear attached thereto at the registered office or, if there is no registered office or the registered office is not in the United Kingdom, at the principal place of business in the United Kingdom of the body corporate.

Where a registered letter containing a copy of the indictment has been sent by post to the registered office or principal place of business of the body corporate, an acknowledgment or certificate of the delivery of the letter issued by the Postmaster-General in pursuance of regulations under the Post Office Act, 1908, shall be sufficient evidence of the delivery of the letter at the registered office or place of business on the day specified in such acknowledgment or certificate.

(2) In any such proceedings as aforesaid the body corporate may, for the purpose of—

(a) stating objections to the competency or relevancy of the indictment or proceedings; or (b) tendering a plea of guilty or not guilty; or

(c) making a statement in mitigation of sentence; appear by a representative of the body corporate.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1975

(3) Where at the first diet in any such proceedings as aforesaid the body corporate does not appear or tender any plea in accordance with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, or by counsel or a solicitor, it shall be deemed to have tendered a plea of not guilty.

(4) Where at the second diet in any such proceedings as aforesaid the body corporate does not appear in accordance with the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, or by counsel or a solicitor, the court shall, on the motion of the prosecutor, if it is satisfied that the provisions of subsection (1) of this section have been complied with, proceed to hear and dispose of the case in the absence of the body corporate.

(5) Where in any such proceedings as aforesaid a body corporate is sentenced to a fine, the foie may be recovered in like manner in all respects as if a copy of the sentence certified by the clerk of the court were an extract decree of the Court of Session for the payment of the amount of the fine by the body corporate to the King’s and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer.

(6) Nothing contained in sections twenty-eight or twenty-nine of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, shall require a plea tendered by or on behalf of a company to be signed.

(7) If on the application of the procurator fiscal, a sheriff is satisfied that there is reasonable ground for suspecting that an offence has been or is being committed by a body corporate, the sheriff shall have the like power to grant warrant for the citation of witnesses and the production of documents and articles as he would have if a petition charging an individual with the commission of the offence were presented to him. 8 * *

(8) In this section, the expression " representative " in

relation to a body corporate against which such proceedings

as aforesaid are brought, means an officer or servant of the

body corporate duly appointed by it for the purpose of those

proceedings. Such appointment need not be under the seal

of the body corporate, and a statement in writing purporting

to be signed by the managing director of, or by any person

having or being one of the persons having the management

of the affairs of the body corporate, to the effect that the

person named in the statement has been appointed the repre-

sentative of the body corporate for the purpose of the said

proceedings shall be admissible without further proof as

evidence that the person has been appointed.

Part I. —coni.

1976

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I. —coni. Alteration of diet in indictment and in summary proceedings.

Amendment of False Oaths (Scotland)

Act, 1933.

Summary prosecution of uttering forged document.

Power of court to refund bail.

Bail in

summary

proceedings.

41. —(1) Where in any proceedings on indictment the second diet in which is to be in the sheriff court the indictment is not brought to trial at that diet and a warrant has been issued by the sheriff clerk under section twenty-three of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, for a subsequent sitting of the court on a day within one month after the date of the aforesaid second diet, it shall be lawful for the court to adjourn that diet to the subsequent sitting, and the warrant shall have effect as if the second diet had been originally fixed for the date of such subsequent sitting.

(2) Where a diet has been fixed for the trial of any summary complaint, and the parties desire that the complaint should be disposed of at an earlier or a later diet, the court •may on a joint application in writing by the parties or their solicitors discharge the diet so fixed and fix in lieu thereof an earlier or a later diet.

42. —(1) Section two of the False Oaths (Scotland) Act, 1933 (which penalises certain false statements) shall apply in like manner as it applies to the statements therein mentioned to any oral statement made for the purpose of any entry in a register kept in pursuance of any Act of Parliament.

(2) Any proceedings under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, for an offence against the False Oaths (Scotland) Act, 1933, may, notwithstanding anything in the first mentioned Act, be commenced at any time within one year from the date of the commission of the offence, or within three months from the date when evidence sufficient in the opinion of the Lord Advocate to justify the proceedings comes to his knowledge whichever period last expires; and for the purposes of this subsection a certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Lord Advocate as to the date on which such evidence as aforesaid came to his knowledge shall be conclusive evidence thereof.

43. For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that it is competent to prosecute summarily in the sheriff court the crime of uttering a forged document. 44 45

44. Where any court has made an order for the forfeiture of bail it shall be competent for the court, if it is satisfied that it is reasonable in all the circumstances to do so, to recall the order and direct that the bail money forfeited shall be refunded. Any decision of a court under this section shall be final and not subject to review.

45. Sections five, six and seven of the Bail (Scotland) Act, 1888 (which relate to applications for bail and to appeals against decisions in such applications) shall, with any necessary modifications, apply to an application for bail by a

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94 1977

(Scotland) Act, 1949

person charged with an offence on complaint under the Sum- Part i. mary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, in like manner as —com. those sections apply to an application for bail by a person committed until liberation in due course of law.

46. —(1) Section eighteen of and Schedule C to the Sum- Previous con-

mary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, in so far as they in

require a statutory charge included in a summary complaint to pr^Sags. specify the enactment fixing the penalty or to set forth thep penalty, shall cease to have effect.

(2) Section thirty-four of the said Act, in so far as it requires previous convictions to be set forth in a summary complaint, shall cease to have effect and no such previous conviction shall be laid before the judge in any proceedings on such complaint until the judge is satisfied that the charge is proved, and in that event the prosecutor shall lay before the judge a copy of any notice served on the accused in accordance with subsection (3) or subsection (4) of this section.

(3) Where a summary complaint includes any statutory charge a notice in the form as nearly as may be of Form No. 2 of the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall be served on the accused with the complaint where he is cited to a diet, and, where he is in custody, the complaint and such a notice shall be served on him before he is asked to plead.

(4) Where the accused in any summary proceedings has been previously convicted of any offence forming an aggravation of any offence libelled in the complaint a notice in the form as nearly as may be of Form No. 3 or Form No. 4 of the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall be served on the accused with the complaint where he is cited to a diet, and, where he is in custody, the complaint and such a notice shall be served on him before he is asked to plead.

(5) A copy of any notice served on an accused under this section shall be entered in the record or minutes of the proceedings.

(6) Nothing herein contained shall prevent evidence of previous convictions being led in any case where such evidence is competent in support of a substantive charge.

47. —(1) The power conferred by section seventy-three of Exercise of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, on the prose-

cutor in a summary prosecution to consent to a conviction and prosecutor by sentence appealed against being set aside shall be exercisable, the Summary where the appeal is by stated case, at any time within ten days Jurisdiction after the receipt by the prosecutor of the draft stated case ftPtlan? and, where the appeal is by suspension, at any time within '190 ’ ten days after the service on the prosecutor of the bill of suspension.

1978

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

CScotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I.

—cont.

Appeal where trial judge unable to state case.

Amendment of Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908.

(2) The limit on the amount of the expenses that may be awarded to an appellant under the said section shall be increased from three guineas to five guineas.

48. Where a person convicted under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, has made application thereunder for a stated case, and the judge by whom he was convicted dies before signing the case or is precluded by illness or other cause from so doing, it shall be competent for such person to present a bill of suspension to the High Court of Justiciary and to bring under the review of that Court any matter which might have been so brought under review by stated case.

49. For sections sixty-five, sixty-six and sixty-seven of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, there shall be substituted the following sections: —

" 65.—(1) Within one month after receipt of the draft case under the last foregoing section each party shall cause to be transmitted to the judge against whose judgment the appeal is taken and to the other parties a note of any adjustments he desires to have made on the draft case or intimate that he has no such adjustments to suggest, and if the appellant fails so to do he shall be deemed to have abandoned his appeal, and in any such case the court shall have the like power to grant warrant for his apprehension and imprisonment as is conferred by section sixty-three of this Act.

(2) Within fourteen days after receipt of any such adjustments or intimation as aforesaid the judge against whose judgment the appeal is taken shall (unless the appellant is deemed to have abandoned his appeal), after considering any such adjustments state and sign the case.

66. As soon as the case shall be signed by the judge against whose judgment the appeal is taken the clerk of court shall send it to the appellant and transmit the complaint, productions and any other proceedings in the cause to die clerk of justiciary.

67. —(1) The appellant shall within five days after receiving the case send a copy of it to the respondent and cause it to be transmitted to or lodged with the clerk of justiciary together with a certificate by himself or his agent that a copy has been sent to the respondent in accordance with the requirement hereinbefore contained.

(2) If the appellant fails to comply with the last foregoing subsection he shall be deemed to have abandoned his appeal, and the court shall have the like power to grant warrant for his apprehension and imprisonment as is conferred by section sixty-three of this Act/'

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1979

Part II.

Administrative Provisions and Provisions as to Treatment of Prisoners, etc.

Institutions for

50.—(i) The Secretary of State may provide—

(a) remand centres, that is to say places for the detention of persons not less than fourteen but under twenty-one years of age who are remanded or committed in custody for trial or sentence;

(b) detention centres, that is to say places in which persons not less than fourteen but under twenty-one years of age who are ordered to be detained in such centres under this Act may be kept for short periods under discipline suitable to persons of their age and description; and

(c) Borstal institutions, that is to say places in which offenders who on the date of their conviction were not less than sixteen but under twenty-one years of age may be detained and given such training and instruction as will conduce to their reformation and the prevention of crime.

(2) The Secretary of State shall provide in remand centres facilities for the observation and examination of any person detained therein on whose physical or mental condition a medical report may be desirable for the assistance of the court in determining the most suitable method of dealing with his case.

(3) Where any person under seventeen years of age is committed to, or ordered to be detained in, a remand centre under this Act for the purpose of obtaining a medical report on his physical or menial condition, the council of the county or large burgh who would be responsible for his maintenance if he were detained in a remand home shall pay to the Secretary of State, in such manner as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury determine, such sums in respect of the maintenance of that person as the Secretary of State may with the like approval direct.

(4) The Prisons (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1926 shall, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be made by rules of the Secretary of State, apply to remand centres, detention centres and Borstal institutions, and to persons detained therein, as they apply to prisons and prisoners.

(5) The appropriation of a prison vested in the Secretary of State under me Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877 for use as a remand centre, detention centre or Borstal institution shall not be deemed, for the purposes of section thirty-nine of that Act, to be a discontinuance of the prison.

Remand

centres,

detention

centres and

Borstal

institutions.

1980

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part II. —cotU.

Remand

homes.

(6) Section six of the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871, and section eight of the Penal Servitude Act, 1891 (which relate to the registration, measurement and photographing of prisoners) shall have effect as if references therein to prisons and prisoners included references to remand centres, detention centres and Borstal institutions, and to persons detained therein.

51.—(1) As from such date as may be specified in an order made by statutory instrument by the Secretary of State, no premises shall be used as a remand home unless a certificate of approval has been issued by the Secretary of State.

(2) The Secretary of State may by rules made under this Act apply to remand homes, with such adaptations and modifications as he thinks fit, the provisions of section eighty-three and subsection (3) of section one hundred and nine of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937 (which relate to the approval of schools for the purposes of that Act and the evidence of such approval).

(3) No person shall be appointed after the commencement of this Act to be in charge of a remand home unless his appointment has been approved by the Secretary of State.

(4) Councils of counties and large burghs may provide in remand homes provided for their areas facilities for the observation and examination of any person detained therein on whose physical or mental condition a medical report may be desirable for the assistance of the court in determining die most suitable method of dealing with his case, or may, rf facilities for observation and examination are available at any other institution or place, arrange for the use of those facilities for the observation and examination of any such person as aforesaid.

(5) Subsections (5) and (6) of section seventy-one of this Act shall apply in relation to the removal of any person from a remand home to an institution or place where facilities are available in pursuance of arrangements made under the last foregoing subsection for the purpose of obtaining such a report as aforesaid as they apply in relation to any such removal as is mentioned in the said subsection (5). 6

(6) Any expenses incurred by the council of a county or large burgh m giving effect to arrangements made under subsection (4) of this section, and any sums paid by such a council under subsection (3) of the last foregoing section, shall be treated for the purposes of any grant under section one hundred and seven of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, as expenses of the council in respect of remand homes.

1949

Criminal Justice

CScotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1981

52. —(i) The Secretary of State may purchase by agree- Part II. ment, or compulsorily, any land required for the alteration, —coni. enlargement or rebuilding of a State Mental Hospital or of Acquisition a prison or other institution to which the Prisons (Scotland) of.land for Acts, 1860 to 1926, apply or for building or establishing

new State Mental Hospital, a new prison or a new institution institutions, as aforesaid or for any other purpose connected with the management of any such State Mental Hospital, prison or institution (including the provision of accommodation for officers or servants employed therein).

(2) For the purpose of the compulsory purchase of land >y the Secretary of State under the last foregoing subsection, fie Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947 shall apply as if paragraph (d) of subsection ’1) of section one thereof (which refers to the compulsory rarchase of land by thie Secretary of State under the National health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947) included a reference to the last foregoing subsection.

(3) In relation to the purchase of land by agreement under this section, the Lands Clauses Acts (except the provisions relating to the purchase of land otherwise than by agreement and the provisions relating to access to the special Act, and except sections one hundred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-five of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland)

Act, 1845) shall be incorporated with this section, and in construing those Acts as so incorporated this section shall be deemed to be the special Act and references to the promoters of the undertaking shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State.

Rules for management of prisons, etc.

53. —(1) The Secretary of State may make rules for the Rules for the

regulation and management of prisons, remand centres, management detention centres and Borstal institutions respectively, and0*?08?118' for the classification, treatment, employment, discipline and ^tres deten-control of persons required to be detained therein. tion centres

(2) Rules made under this section shall make provision

for ensuring that a person who is charged with any offence mstltutions-under the rules shall be given a proper opportunity of presenting his case.

(3) Rules made under this section may provide for the training of particular classes of persons and their allocation for that purpose to any prison or other institution in which they may lawfully be detained.

(4) Rules made under this section may provide for the appointment of a convenient prison or prisons—

(a) in which prisoners are to be confined before and during trial, or at either of such times;

1982

Part II.

—cont.

Constitution and functions of visiting committees.

Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(b) in which particular classes of prisoners may be confined;

(c) in which civil prisoners may be confined during the period of their imprisonment.

(5) Rules made under this section shall provide for the special treatment of the following persons whilst required to be detained in a prison, that is to say—

(i a)any person serving a sentence of corrective training or preventive detention;

(b) any person serving a sentence on conviction of sedition;

(e) any appellant within the meaning of the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926, pending the determination of his appeal;

(d) any other person detained in a prison, not being a person serving a sentence imposed on conviction of an offence.

(6) Rules made under this section may provide for the temporary release of persons serving a sentence of imprisonment, corrective training, preventive detention, or Borstal training.

(7) Section twenty-three of the Peterhead Harbour of Refuge Act, 1886, in so far as it confers power to order the infliction of corporal punishment, shall cease to have effect, and no prisoner detained in Peterhead Prison shall be liable to corporal punishment.

54.—(1) Rules made under the last foregoing section shall provide for the constitution, for prisons, of visiting committees appointed, at such times, m such manner, for such periods and by such county and town councils as may be prescribed by the rules.

(2) Rules made as aforesaid shall secure that any such visiting committee shall include such number of women as may be prescribed by the rules, and where a number less than the prescribed number is appointed by the said councils the Secretary of State may appoint such number of women as may be necessary to bring the number appointed by the councils up to the number prescribed.

(3) The Secretary of State shall appoint for every remand centre, detention centre and Borstal institution a visiting committee of which not less than two members shall be burgh magistrates or justices of the peace and not less than such number of members as may be prescribed by the rules shall be women.

(4) Rules made as aforesaid shall prescribe the functions of visiting committees, and shall among other things require the members to pay frequent visits to the prison, remand

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94 1983

(Scotland) Act, 1949

centre, detention centre or Borstal institution, as the case may part ii. be, and hear any complaints which may be made by the per- —com. sons detained therein and report to the Secretary of State any matter which they consider it expedient to report; and any member of a visiting committee may at any time enter the prison, remand centre, detention centre or Borstal institution, as the case may be, and shall have free access to every part thereof and to every person detained therein.

(5) Rules made as aforesaid may require the visiting committee appointed for any prison or Borstal institution to consider periodically the character, conduct and prospects of each of the persons sentenced to corrective training, preventive detention or Borstal training who is detained therein, and to report to the Secretary of State on the advisability of his release on licence or under supervision.

(6) The Secretary of State may pay—

(a) to the members of any visiting committee appointed under or in pursuance of this section such allowances in respect of loss of earnings or travelling or subsistence or other expenses necessarily suffered or incurred in the performance of their duties; and

(b) to the officers of any such committee such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances in respect of travelling or subsistence expenses,

as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

55. For the purposes of section seventy-five of the Prisons Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1860 (which relates to the introduction of pro- of Prisons hibited articles into prisons) a person shall be deemea to jfcct°7^ introduce an article into a prison if he conveys it to a prisoner to introduction outside the prison, or deposits it at any place outside the prison of prohibited with intent that it shall come into the possession of a prisoner, articles.

Remission for good conduct and release on , etc.

56. —(1) Rules made under section fifty-three of this Act Remission for may make provision whereby, in such circumstances as may good conduct be prescribed by the rules, a person serving a sentence of and release imprisonment or ordered to be detained m a detention

centre for such a term as may be so prescribed, may be prisoners, granted remission of such part of that sentence or term as may be so prescribed on the ground of his industry and good conduct; and on the discharge of a person from a prison or detention centre in pursuance of any such remission as aforesaid his sentence, or as the case may be his term of detention, shall expire.

(2) If it appears to the Secretary of State that a person serving a sentence of imprisonment was under the age of

1984

Part II. —coni.

Release on licence of persons serving imprisonment for life.

After Care Council.

Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

twenty-one years at the commencement of his sentence, he may direct that instead of being granted remission of his sentence under the rules such person shall, at any time on or after the day on which he could have been discharged if the remission had been granted, be released on licence under the provisions of the Eighth Schedule to this Act.

(3) For the purposes of this section, consecutive terms of imprisonment shall be treated as one term.

57. —(1) The Secretary of State may at any time if he thinks fit release on licence a person serving a term of imprisonment for life subject to compliance with such conditions, if any, as the Secretary of State may from time to time determine.

(2) The Secretary of State may at any time by order recall to prison a person released on licence under this section, but without prejudice to the power of the Secretary of State 19 release him on licence again; and where any person is so recalled his licence shall cease to have effect and he shall, if at large, be deemed to be unlawfully at large.

58. —(1) It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State to appoint a Council to be known as the After Care Council and consisting of such number of members as the Secretary of State may determine, being persons interested in the moral and social welfare of offenders, and the Secretary of State may appoint a Chairman and a Secretary of the Council and such other officers as he may deem necessary.

(2) The After Care Council—

(a) may be appointed or specified as the society for the purposes of any of the following provisions of this Act, namely:—section twenty-two, paragraph 2 of the Fourth Schedule, paragraph 2 of the Fifth Schedule and paragraph 1 of the Eighth Schedule; and

(b) may undertake such other duties in connection with the after care of offenders as the Secretary of State may require.

(3) The Secretary of State may pay—

(a) to the members of the After Care Council such allowances in respect of loss of earnings or travelling or subsistence or other expenses necessarily suffered or incurred in the performance of their duties; and

(b) to the officers of the said Council such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances in respect of travelling or subsistence,

as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1985

Removal and transfer to and from prisons and other Part II.

institutions. —coni.

59. A person who is required to be taken to a Borstal Temporary institution may, until arrangements can be made for taking

him there, be temporarily detained elsewhere, and the period to for which he is so detained shall count as part of the period detention in for which he is liable to be detained in a Borstal institution a Borstal under this Act. institution.

60. —(i) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that a person Transfers serving a sentence of imprisonment is under twenty-one years from prison of age and might with advantage be detained in a Borstal toQS)Iltal nA institution, he may, after consultation where practicable with vioe

the judge by whom or the presiding chairman of the court by which the sentence was passed, transfer such person to a Borstal institution; and the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall thereupon apply to him as if he had on the date of the transfer been sentenced to Borstal training:

Provided that if on that date the unexpired term of his sentence is less than three years those provisions shall apply to him as if he had been sentenced to Borstal training three years before the expiration of that term.

(2) If a person detained in a Borstal institution is reported to the Secretary of State by the visiting committee to be incorrigible, or to be exercising a bad influence on the other inmates of the institution, the Secretary of State may present an application to the sheriff within whose jurisdiction the institution is situate for commutation to imprisonment of the unexpired part of the term for which the said person is then liable to be detained in a Borstal institution and on any such application the sheriff may commute the said unexpired part to such a term of imprisonment, not exceeding the said unexpired part, as he may think fit; and for the purpose of this Act the said person shall be treated as if he had been sentenced to imprisonment for that term.

61. —(1) Rules under section fifty-three of this Act may Removal of provide in what manner an appellant within the meaning of

the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926, when in custody, is other to be taken to, kept m custody at, and brought back from, purposes, any place at which he is entitled to be present for the purposes of that Act, or any place to which the High Court of Justiciary or any judge thereof may order him to be taken for the purpose of any proceedings of that court.

(2) The Secretary of State may—

(a) if he is satisfied that the attendance at any place in Great Britain of a person detained in Scotland in a

1986

Part II. —coni.

Removal of prisoners, etc. to and from England and from the Isle of Man or Channel Islands.

Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

prison, remand centre, detention centre, Borstal institution or remand home is desirable in the interests of justice or for the purposes of any public inquiry, direct him to be taken to that place;

(6) if he is satisfied that a person so detained requires medical or surgical treatment of any description, direct him to be taken to a hospital or other suitable place for the purpose of the treatment;

and where any person is directed under this subsection to be taken to any place he shall, unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs, be kept in custody while being so taken, while at that place, and while being taken back to the prison or other institution in which he is required in accordance with law to be detained.

62.—(i) The Secretary of State may, on the application of a person serving a sentence of imprisonment, corrective training, preventive detention or Borstal training, order his removal to a prison or Borstal institution in England; and any person so removed may be detained, released, recalled and otherwise dealt with as if he had been sentenced by a court in England and as if his sentence were one which could be imposed by such a court.

(2) Any person sentenced, under the law for the time being in force, by any court in the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands to penal servitude, imprisonment, corrective training, preventive detention, detention in a Borstal institution, Borstal training or detention in a detention centre may, if the Secretary of State so orders, be removed to a prison, Borstal institution or detention centre, as the case may be, in Scotland.

(3) Any person ordered to be removed under the last foregoing subsection, and any person sentenced by a court in England who, under any enactment extending to England, is ordered to be removed to a prison or Borstal institution in Scotland, may be detained, released, recalled and otherwise dealt with as if his sentence had been passed by a court in Scotland and as if his sentence were one which could be imposed by such a court:

Provided that—

(a) where a person so removed was undergoing or liable

to undergo a term of penal servitude, he shall be treated as if that term were a term of imprisonment;

(b) where a person so removed was sentenced to detention

in a Borstal institution he shall be treated as if he had been sentenced to Borstal training under this Act.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1987

(4) Any person removed under this section from the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands to a prison or Borstal institution in Scotland may, on his release under the provisions of the Fourth or Fifth Schedule to this Act or under section fifty-six of this Act, as the case may be, be placed under supervision in the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands, as the case may be, and those provisions (including Hie provisions of the Eighth Schedule to this Act), shall apply to him therein; and if any person so released is recalled under the provisions aforesaid, he may, if in the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands, be arrested without warrant and removed to Scotland for the purpose of being taken to a prison or Borstal institution as the case may be.

(5) The provisions of the Ninth Schedule to this Act shall have effect m relation to persons for the time being in England who have been discharged from prisons and other institutions in Scotland (including persons who, before being so discharged, had been removed to such institutions under any enactment extending to England).

(6) For the purposes of this section, a person sentenced to death by a court in England or in the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands who has been pardoned by His Majesty on condition that he serves a term of penal servitude or imprisonment shall be deemed to have been sentenced to penal servitude or imprisonment by that court.

Treatment of persons of unsound mind and mental defectives.

63.—(1) The Secretary of State may provide accommodation in a State Mental Hospital for persons of unsound mind who are ordered to be kept in strict custody till His Majesty's pleasure be known and for other persons of unsound mind who cannot be suitably cared for in a mental hospital within the meaning of the Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1913, and in connection therewith may provide such medical, nursing and other services as may be required.

(2) The expressions " criminal lunatic " and " criminal lunatic asylum " shall cease to be used and there shall be respectively substituted in any enactment for those expressions the expressions " state mental patient " and " State Mental Hospital."

(3) A State Mental Hospital shall be under the management of the General Board of Control for Scotland.

(4) Subsection (1) of section one and sections two, three and seven of the Criminal Lunatics (Scotland) Act. 1935, shall cease to have effect.

Part II. —coni.

Establishment of State Mental Hospitals.

1988

Part II. —coni.

Removal of state mental patients, etc.

Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(5) For the purposes of paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of section sixty-six of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which provides for the grant of superannuation benefits to certain officers engaged in health services), officers employed in a State Mental Hospital shall be deemed to be engaged in health services.

(6) The aforesaid General Board of Control may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, by statutory instrument make rules for the care and treatment of patients detained in a State Mental Hospital; and any statutory instrument containing such rules snail be laid before Parliament after being made.

64.—(1) The Secretary of State may—

(a) if he is satisfied that the attendance at any place in Great Britain of a state mental patient is desirable in the interests of justice or for the purposes of any public inquiry, direct him to be taken to that place;

(b) if he is satisfied that a state mental patient requires medical or surgical treatment which cannot be provided in the mental hospital in which he is required by law to be detained, direct him to be taken to a hospital or other suitable place for the purpose of the treatment,

and where any person is directed under this subsection to be taken to any place he shall, unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs, be kept in custody while being so taken, while at that place and while being taken back to the mental hospital in which he is required by law to be detained.

(2) The Secretary of State may, on the application of a state mental patient or a relation of the patient, order the patient's removal from a mental hospital in Scotland to a mental hospital in England; and any patient so removed shall be liable to be dealt with as if he had been sentenced or ordered to be detained or otherwise committed to custody, as the case may be, by a court in England.

(3) If, under any enactment extending to England, a Broadmoor patient is ordered to be removed from a mental hospital in England to a mental hospital in Scotland, he shall be liable to be dealt with as if he had been sentenced or ordered to be detained or otherwise committed to custody, as the case may be, by a court in Scotland.

(4) In this section any reference to a mental hospital shall include a reference to a State Mental Hospital and references to a State Mental Hospital and to a state mental patient shall, until the day appointed for the coming into operation of section

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1989

sixty-three of this Act, respectively include references to the part ii.

lunatic department of Perth Prison and to persons detained —

therein.

65. —(i) Where an order under section ten of the Mental Treatment of Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, that a person

be transferred to an institution for defectives or be placed under guardianship expires, or the person to whom die order etc.,imderth« relates is ordered to be discharged from such institution or Mental guardianship then, if, at the time of such expiry or order for Deficiency and discharge, either— Lunacy

(a) the period during which such person could, if the [g°3t 8> ct‘ order under the said section ten had not been made, have been detained in the prison or other place in which he was detained when that order was made, has not expired; or

(b) the person is subject to an order for his custody until His Majesty's pleasure be known, the Secretary of State may remit him to any prison or other place in which he could have been detained if me order under the said section ten had not been made; and such person shall be liable accordingly to be dealt with as if he had never been transferred to the institution for defectives or placed under guardianship.

(2) Subsection (1) of section sixteen of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913 (which relates to transfer from institutions for defectives to mental hospitals and vice versa) shall not apply to a person detained in an institution for defectives during the period aforesaid; but if at any time during that period it appears to two registered medical practitioners that any person so transferred to the institution is of unsound mind, they shall certify in writing to that effect and the Secretary of State may thereupon by warrant direct that he be removed to such mental hospital as may be named in the warrant; and the Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1871, shall apply to him as if he had been removed to the mental hospital from a prison.

Miscellaneous.

66. —(1) Any person who, having been sentenced to Persons imprisonment, corrective training, preventive detention or up^wfally Borstal training, or ordered to be detained in a detentiona rge* centre, or having been committed to a prison or remand centre, is unlawfully at large, may be arrested by a constable

or prison officer without warrant in any part of Great Britain and taken to the place in which he is required in accordance with law to be detained.

(2) Where any person sentenced to imprisonment, corrective training, preventive detention or Borstal training, or

1990

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part ii. ordered to be detained in a remand home or detention centre, —corn, is, at any time during the period for which he is liable to be detained in pursuance of the sentence or order, absent, otherwise than with lawful authority, from the prison, Borstal institution, remand home or detention centre, as the case may be, then, unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs, no account shall be taken, in calculating the period for which he is liable to be so detained, of any time during which he is so absent:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any period during which any such person as aforesaid is detained in pursuance of an order of any court in a prison or other institution to which the Prisons (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1926 apply.

(3) For the purposes of this section, a person who, after being temporarily released in pursuance of rules made under subsection (6) of section fifty-three of this Act, is at large at any time during the period for which he is liable to be detained in pursuance of his sentence shall be deemed to be unlawfully at large if the period for which he was temporarily released has expired or if an order recalling him has been made by the Secretary of State in pursuance of the rules.

Legal custody. 67. Any person required or authorised by or under this Act to be taken to any place or to be kept in custody shall, while being so taken or kept, be deemed to be in legal custody.

Commutation 68. Where His Majesty pardons any person who has been of death sentenced to death on condition that he serves a term of

sentence of imprisonment, that person shall be deemed to have been

imprisonment, sentenced by the court before which he was convicted to imprisonment for the said term.

Amendment of 69.—(1) For subsection (1) of section seventy-five of the

s. 75 of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, there shall Youmf Persons substituted the following subsection: —

(Scotland) " (1) Where a court orders a child to be sent to an

Act, 1937. approved school, the order shall be an authority for his

detention in an approved school until the expiry of a period of three years from the date of the order or the expiry of four months after he ceases to be of school age whichever is the later.'*

(2) In the said section seventy-five as amended by this section the expression " school age " has the meaning assigned to it by section thirty-two of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946:

Provided that—

(a) subsection (4) of that section (which extends the school age in the case of certain children requiring special educational treatment); and

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(b) subsection (2) of section thirty-three of that Act (which provides that a child shall be deemed to attain any given age on the fixed date for commencing or for terminating attendance next following the day on which he actually attains that age) shall not apply.

(3) The provisions of the said section seventy-five shall apply as amended by this section to any approved school order made before the commencement of this Act if the period during which the person to whom it relates could be detained thereunder apart from the provisions of this section has not expired at the commencement of this Act.

70.—(1) Where a person in whose case an approved school Powers of order has been made is brought before a court of summary co^2mt jurisdiction under section eighty-^ix of the Children ana absconders Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, or paragraph 8 of the from approved Second Schedule to that Act (which relate respectively to schools, etc. absconders and persons guilty of serious misconduct), the court may, subject to the following provisions of this section—

(a) in any case, either make a new approved school order in his case, or order him to be taken back to the school and extend the period of his detention under the original order by such period not exceeding six months as the court may determine;

(b) if he has attained the age of sixteen years, and the order for his detention was made in respect of an offence, sentence him to Borstal training:

Provided that if the court before which any person is brought as aforesaid is a court of summary jurisdiction other than a sheriff court or a stipendiary magistrate’s court it shall have, in lieu of the power to pass a sentence of Borstal training, power to remit the person to the sheriff court in the manner provided by section nine of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, and the sheriff court shall on any such remit being made have the like power with regard to the person as if he had been brought before that court as aforesaid.

(2) An order under paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection extending the period of detention under an approved school order shall have effect notwithstanding any limitation imposed by the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, upon the period for which a person may be detained in an approved school; and in relation to a new approved school order made under that paragraph, sections seventy-five, seventy-seven and seventy-eight of that Act (which relate to the period of detention under approved school orders and to supervision and recall) shall have effect as if

1991

Part II. —coni.

1992

Part II. —coni.

Enlargement of powers of courts under the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937-

Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

for any reference therein to the age of nineteen years there were substituted a reference to the age of nineteen years and a half.

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, His Majesty may by Order in Council prohibit courts of summary jurisdiction from making orders under paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of this section; and any such Order in Council may be limited to persons of one of the sexes:

Provided that no Order in Council shall be made under this subsection until the Secretary of State is satisfied that adequate methods, other than Borstal training, are available for dealing with the persons to whom the Order relates.

(4) A draft of any Order in Council under the last foregoing subsection shall be laid before Parliament, and the draft shall not be submitted to His Majesty in Council unless each House of Parliament presents an Address to His Majesty praying that the Order be made.

Part III.

Supplemental.

71.—(1) The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937 (hereafter in this section referred to as the Act of 1937) shall have effect as if the powers conferred on a juvenile court by section sixty-eight of that Act (which enables a juvenile court to make certain orders in relation to refractory children and young persons) included a power to make (without making any other order or in addition to making an order placing the child or young person under the supervision of a probation officer or of some other person appointed for the purpose by the court) an order committing the child or young person to the care of any fit person whether a relative or not who is willing to undertake the care of him.

(2) The power of a juvenile court under section eighty-eight of the Act of 1937 to revoke an order committing a child or young person to the care of a fit person shall include a power to substitute for that order an order placing the child or young person for a specified period not exceeding three years under the supervision of a probation officer or of some other person appointed for the purpose by the court and section seventy of the Act of 1937 shall apply in relation to the substituted order as if it were an order made under Part IV of that Act.

(3) Where any court before which a child or young person is brought upon an application for an order under any of the provisions 01 sections sixty-six to seventy of the Act of 1937 is not in a position to decide what order ought to be made, the

1949

Criminal Justice

CScotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1993

court may (whether or not it also makes an interim order under subsection (2) of section seventy-one of that Act) record a finding of the fact that the child or young person is in need of care or protection or is beyond the control of his parent or guardian or is refractory as the case may be; and the said record shall be admissible as evidence of that fact for the purpose of any further hearing of that application.

(4) Where with respect to a child or young person who is being detained in a place of safety under an interim order having effect by virtue of subsection (2) of section seventy-one of the Act of 1937 the court by which the order was made is satisfied on any occasion that by reason of illness or accident he is unable to appear personally before the court any further interim order which the court has power to make on that occasion may be made in the absence of the child or young person.

(5) If at any time while there is in force an order made by a court under section forty-one, section fifty-eight, section seventy-one or section seventy-three of the Act of 1037 or section twenty-eight of this Act for the detention of a child or young person in a remand home or in some other place of safety the child or young person is found by reason of illness or accident or for any other reason to be in need of any medical treatment or examination which cannot properly be given or made in the remand home or other place of safety, the person in charge of the remand home or other place of safety may remove the child or young person therefrom to any place of safety being a place in which the necessary treatment or examination can be given or made; and the order shall so long as it remains in force—

(a) apply to the child or young person as if whilst being so removed to the last mentioned place of safety, whilst detained therein for the giving of treatment or the making of the examination and whilst being taken back to the place from which he was so removed he continued to be detained in the remand home or other place of safety specified in the order; and

(b) be deemed to authorise the child or young person to be taken to the court from any place to which he has lawfully been removed by virtue of this subsection. 6

(6) Whenever in pursuance of the last preceding subsection a child or young person is removed from any remand home or other place of safety for his detention in which such an order as is mentioned in that subsection has been made, being an order in force at the time of the removal, the person by whom

3 T

Part III. —cont.

1994

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part III. —coni.

Application to supervision orders of certain provisions relating to probation.

he is so removed shall forthwith give written notice of the fact to the clerk of the court by which the order was made:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to the removal under the last foregoing subsection of a child or young person who returns to the remand home or place of safety on the day on which he is so removed.

72.—(i) Subject to the provisions of this section, a supervision order (mat is to say an order made under section sixty-six, section sixty-seven, section sixty-eight or section eighty-eight of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, or under section thirty-eight of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946, placing a child or young person under the supervision of a probation officer or of some other person appointed for the purpose by the court) may include any such requirement as to the residence of the person to whom the order relates, or as to treatment for his mental condition as may, by virtue of subsection (6) of section two or by virtue of section three of this Act, be included in a probation order and any other requirement which the court, in the particular circumstances of the case, considers necessary for effecting the purposes of the order:

Provided that a supervision order containing any such requirement shall not be made unless the child or young person consents thereto.

(2) A supervision order shall cease to have effect when the person to whom it applies attains the age of eighteen.

(3) The clerk of the court by which a supervision order is made or of the appropriate court shall forthwith cause a copy of the order to be given to the parent or guardian of the child or to ffie young person to whom the order relates, to the person under whose supervision the child or young person is placed by the order and to the person in charge of any institution or place in which the child or young person is required by the order to reside; and subject to the provisions of this section, subsection (9) of section two of this Act shall apply to a supervision order which requires a person to reside in any institution as it applies to a probation order containing such a requirement.

(4) If at any time during the period of supervision specified in a supervision order, the court by which the order was made or the appropriate court is satisfied on information on oath from the person under whose supervision the person to whom the order relates is placed that that person has failed to comply with any of the requirements of the order, the court may issue a citation requiring the person to whom the order relates to appear before the court at such time as may be specified in the citation, and in the event of his failing so to appear, the court may issue a warrant for his arrest.

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94

(Scotland) Act, 1949

(5) Subsections (i) to (3) of section four of this Act, and the Second Schedule to this Act, shall apply in relation to the discharge, amendment and review of supervision orders as they apply in relation to the discharge, amendment and review of probation orders:

Provided that a supervision order may be amended under the said Second Schedule on application made by any person.

(6) For the purposes of their application to supervision orders under this section, the provisions of this Act specified in subsections (1) (3) and (5) of this section shall have effect subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) for references to a probation order there shall be substituted references to a supervision order;

(b) for references to the probation period there shall be substituted references to the period of supervision specified in the supervision order;

(c) for references to the probationer or the offender there shall be substituted references to the person in lyhose case the supervision order is or is to be made;

(d) references to the probation officer shall include references to a person not being a probation officer under whose supervision the child or young person to whom the supervision order relates is placed by virtue of the order;

(e) paragraph 5 of the said Second Schedule shall not apply except where the amending order requires the person to whom the supervision order relates to reside m an institution or to submit to treatment for his mental condition.

73.—(1) Where the court before which a young person is brought is of opinion that an inquiry ought to be made into his physical or mental condition before it decides whether any and if so what order ought to be made under sections sixty-six to seventy-one of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, then, if the court has been notified by the Secretary of State that a remand centre is available for the reception from that court of persons of his class or description, and is satisfied that facilities for such an inquiry cannot conveniently be provided in a place of safety in which he could otherwise be ordered to be detained under subsection (2) of section seventy-one of that Act, the court may order him to be detained in a remand centre; and the reference in the said subsection (2) to a place of safety shall be construed accordingly.

(2) If a court which proposes to make an interim order under subsection (2) of the said section seventy-one in the case of a young person is of opinion that he is of so unruly a

3 T 2

1995

Part III. —cont.

Power to order detention in a remand centre under 8. 71 of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland)

Act, 1937-

1996

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part hi. character that he cannot safely be detained in a remand home —cont- or of so depraved a character that he is not fit to be so

detained, and the court has been notified by the Secretary of State that a remand centre is available for the reception from that court of persons of his class or description, a remand centre shall be included among the places of safety in which his detention or continued detention may be ordered under that subsection.

(3) Where a young person detained in a remand home in pursuance of an interim order made under subsection (2) of the said section seventy-one proves to be of so unruly a character that he cannot safely be detained in a remand home, or of so depraved a character that he is not fit to be so detained, the court which made the order, or if application cannot conveniently be made to that court, the sheriff having jurisdiction in the place where that court sat, may, if it has been notified by the Secretary of State that a remand centre is available for the reception from that court of persons of his class or description, revoke the order and order him to be detained in a remand centre.

Rules and 74.—(1) Any power of the Secretary of State to make

orders. rules under this Act shall be exercised by statutory

instrument.

(2) A draft of any statutory instrument containing rules made under section fifty-three of this Act shall be laid before Parliament.

(3) Any power to make Orders in Council under this Act, and any power of the Secretary of State to make orders under this Act, shall include power to revoke or vary any such Order in Council or order by a subsequent Order in Council or order.

Expenses and 75.—(1) Any expenses of the Secretary of State under

grants payable this Act and any expenses incurred by the Secretary of

out of moneys g^te_

provided by Parliament.

(a) in the training of probation officers or of officers or servants serving in approved probation hostels or homes or in remand homes or approved schools, or of persons for appointment as probation officers, or as such officers or servants as aforesaid; or

(6) in the conduct of research into the causes of delinquency and the treatment of offenders, and matters connected therewith,

shall, to such amount as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1997

(2) Any expenses incurred by the General Board of Con- Part hi. trol for Scotland in connection with State Mental Hospitals

or the management thereof, to such amount as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, and any sums by which grants payable in pursuance of regulations made under subsection

(1) of section sixty-six of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, are increased by reason of any provision of this Act, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(3) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) towards the expenditure of local authorities under the Third Schedule to this Act;

(b) towards the expenditure of any society or person in enlarging, improving or carrying on approved probation hostels or homes or establishing, enlarging or improving premises which, when established, enlarged or improved, will be approved probation hostels or homes;

(c) towards the expenditure of any body approved by the Secretary of State in the training of probation officers or of persons for appointment as probation officers;

(d) towards the expenditure of any body approved by the Secretary of State in the training of officers or servants serving in any place in which offenders or persons awaiting trial may be detained or serving in approved probation hostels or homes or the training of persons for appointment as such officers or servants;

(e) towards the expenditure of any society engaged in supervising or assisting persons released from a prison, Borstal institution or detention centre;

(/) towards the expenditure of any body or person approved by the Secretary of State in the conduct of research into the causes of delinquency and the treatment of offenders, and matters connected therewith,

such sums as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasmy direct, and subject to such conditions as he may with the like approval determine:

Provided that the sums paid as aforesaid towards any such expenditure as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not exceed fifty per cent, of that expenditure.

(4) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Treasury, make regulations providing for the deduction from

1998 Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

Part III. any sums which would otherwise be paid out of moneys pro-—cont. vided by Parliament to local authorities, whether under the last foregoing subsection or under the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, of such amounts as may be prescribed by the regulations in respect of expenditure incurred by the Secretary of State—

(a) in the training of any such officers, servants or other persons as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section;

(b) in making any payments under paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of the last foregoing subsection;

(c) in making payments under paragraph (d) of that subsection in respect of expenditure incurred in the training of officers or servants serving in remand homes or in approved probation hostels or homes, or the training of persons for appointment as such officers or servants:

Provided that the sums to be deducted in respect of any expenditure of the Secretary of State in pursuance of any such regulations as aforesaid shall not exceed fifty per cent, of that expenditure.

(5) The conditions subject to which any sums are paid to any society or person under paragraph (6) of subsection

(3) of this section may include conditions for securing the repayment in whole or in part of the sums received by the society or person if the probation hostel or home in respect of which those sums are paid ceases to be approved; and, notwithstanding anything m the constitution of the hostel or home or of the managers thereof, or in the trusts, if any, to which the property of the hostel or home or of the managers is subject, the managers and any persons who are trustees of any of the said property may accept those sums on those conditions, and execute any instrument required for carrying into effect those conditions, and shall be bound by those conditions and by any instrument so executed and have power to fulfil the conditions and the obligations created by the instrument.

(6) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any sums by which any grants under section one hundred and seven of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, towards the expenses of councils of counties and large burghs are increased by reason of any provisions of this Act.

(7) Any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under Part II of the Local Government Act, 1948, shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

1949

Criminal Justice

CScotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

1999

(8) All sums received by the Secretary of State under this Part ill. Act (including any sums so received under arrangements made —com.

with respect to the cost of removing and maintaining persons removed from the Isle of Man or Channel Islands to institutions in Scotland under section sixty-two of this Act) shall be paid into the Exchequer.

76. Without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpreta- Transitory tion Act, 1889, with respect to repeals, the transitory provi- P10011* sions set out in the Tenth Schedule to this Act shall have

effect for the purposes of the transition to the provisions of this Act from the law in force before the commencement of this Act.

77. The enactments mentioned in the first column of the Consequential Eleventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the ^Siments. amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule

(being amendments consequential upon the foregoing provisions of this Act or relating to matters of minor detail).

78. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, interpretation, the following expressions have the meaning hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" Appropriate court" means a court named as such in pursuance of subsection (2) of section two of this Act or of the Second Schedule to this Act in a probation or supervision order or in an amendment of any such order made on a change of residence of a probationer or person under supervision;

" Approved probation hostel " and " Approved probation home " have the meaning assigned to them by section twelve of this Act;

11 Approved school" means a school approved under section eighty-three of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937;

" Child" means a person under the age of fourteen years;

" Court " does not include a court-martial;

0 Enactment " includes an enactment contained in a local Act and any order, regulation or other instrument having effect by virtue of an Act;

" England " includes Wales;

" Large burgh " and " Small burgh " have the like meanings as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act,

1947;

" Probationer" means a person for the time being under supervision by virtue of a probation order;

2000

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part HI. —coni.

" Probation order " has the meaning assigned to it by section two of this Act;

" Probation period" means the period for which a probationer is placed under supervision by a probation order;

" Remand" means an order adjourning the proceedings or continuing the case and giving direction as to detention in custody or liberation during the period of adjournment or continuation and references to remanding a person or remanding in custody or on bail shall be construed accordingly;

" Remand home" means premises established or used by the council of a county or large burgh under the provisions of section eighty-one of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937;

" Salaried probation officer" means a probation officer appointed under paragraph 3 of the Third Schedule to this Act;

0 Sentence " includes an order for imprisonment pronounced by any court whether civil or criminal, an order for detention in a detention centre, an order for custody in a remand home under section fifty-eight of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, and an order sending an offender to an approved school;

" Supervision order " has the meaning assigned to it by section seventy-two of this Act;

" Voluntary probation officer" means a person (other than a salaried probation officer) named in a probation order as a person (whether alone or jointly with a salaried probation officer) under whose supervision the probationer is to be;

" Whole time probation officer" means a probation officer who devotes substantially his whole time to the duties of his office;

" Young person" means a person who is not less than fourteen but under seventeen years of age.

(2) Any reference in this Act to a previous sentence of imprisonment shall be construed as including a reference to a previous sentence of penal servitude; any such reference to a previous sentence of Borstal training shall be construed as including a reference to a previous sentence of detention in a Borstal institution; and any such reference to a previous conviction or sentence shall be construed as a reference to a previous conviction by a court in any part of Great Britain and to a previous sentence passed by any such court.

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94

C Scotland) Act, 1949

(3) Where the age of any person at any time is material for the purposes of any provision of this Act, or of any Order in Council made thereunder, regulating the powers of a court, his age at the material time shall be deemed to be or to have been that which appears to the court after considering any available evidence to be or to have been his age at that time.

(4) References in this Act to an offence punishable with imprisonment shall be construed, in relation to any offender, without regard to any prohibition or restriction imposed by or under this Act upon the imprisonment of offenders of his age.

(5) For the purposes of this Act, except subsection (8) of section two thereof, where a probation order has been made on appeal, the order shall be deemed to have been made by the court from which the appeal was brought.

(6) References in this Act to any enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act.

(7) References in the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877, to a general or special rule shall be construed as references to a rule made under section fifty-three of this Act.

79.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949, and, save as otherwise expressly provided, shall extend to Scotland only.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such day as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint:

Provided that different days may be appointed for the purposes of different provisions of this Act, and any reference m any provision of this Act to the commencement of this Act shall, unless otherwise provided by any such Order, be construed as a reference to the commencement of that provision.

(3) The enactments specified in the Twelfth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule but without prejudice to the provisions of section seventy-six of this Act; and Regulation 93A of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, and Regulation 14 of the Defence (Price Control) Regulations, 1945, shall cease to have effect.

3 T*

2001

Part III. —cont.

Short title, commencement, extent and repeals.

2002

Section 2.

Sections 2, 4.

Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form of Probation Order.

In the Court at on

The Court [being satisfied that the accused ( insert name and address) has committed the offence with which he is charged] or (as the case may be) in view of the conviction of the accused ( insert name and address) and being of the opinion that having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of the offence and the character of the said A.B. it is expedient to make a probation order under the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949, containing the under-noted requirements, and the said A.B. who resides [or is to reside] in the probation area having expressed his willingness

to comply with the said requirements, therefore orders that the said A.B. be under the supervision of probation

officer of the said probation area of

[or under the supervision off a probation officer to be nominated by the court in the said probation area] for a

period of months from the date hereof, and that the said

A.B. shall comply with the following requirements, namely—

1. To be of good behaviour.

2. To conform to the directions of the probation officer as to

conduct.

3. ( Here insert any additional requirements.)

Signed

Date

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Discharge and Amendment of Probation Orders.

Discharge.

1. A probation order may on the application of the probation officer or of the probationer 'be discharged—

(a) by the appropriate court, or

(b) if no appropriate court has been named in the original or in any amending order, by the court which made the order.

Amendment.

2__(1) If the court by which a probation order was made, or the

appropriate court is satisfied that the probationer proposes to change or has changed his residence from the probation area named in the order to another probation area, the court may, and if application is made in that behalf by the probation officer shall, by order, amend the probation order by (a) substituting for the probation area

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2003

named therein that other probation area, and (b) naming the appropriate court to which all the powers of the court by which the order was made shall be transferred, and which shall appoint a probation officer or officers for the aforesaid other probation area in lieu of the probation officer or officers named in the order.

(2) The court to be named as the appropriate court in any amendment of a probation order in pursuance of the last foregoing sub-paragraph shall be a court exercising jurisdiction in the place where the probationer resides or is to Teside and shall be a sheriff court, a justice of the peace court or a burgh or police court according as the probation order was made by a sheriff court, a justice of the peace court or a burgh or police court:

Provided that—

(i) if there is no justice of the peace court or burgh or police

court as the case may be exercising jurisdiction in the said place the court to be so named shall be the sheriff court; and

(ii) if the probation order contains requirements which in the opinion of the court cannot be complied with unless the probationer continues to reside in the probation area named m the order, the court shall not amend the order as aforesaid, unless in accordance with the following provisions of this Schedule, it cancels those requirements or substitutes therefor other requirements which can be so complied with.

(3) Where a probation order is amended under this paragraph, the clerk of the court amending it shall send to the clerk of the appropriate court, four copies of the order together with such documents and information relating to the case as the court amending the order considers likely to be of assistance to the appropriate court, and the clerk of that court shall send one copy of the probation order to the probation committee of the substituted probation area, and two copies to the probation officer appointed by the appropriate court, one of which the probation officer shall give to the probationer.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall in the case where the probation order was made by the High Court of Justiciary have effect subject to the following modifications—

(a) the Court shall not name an appropriate court, but may substitute for the probation officer or officers named in the order another probation officer or other probation officers, and any salaried probation officer so substituted shall be selected from among the salaried probation officers for the area in which the probationer is to reside;

(b) the clerk of justiciary shall send to the clerk of the probation committee for the area in which the probationer is to reside three copies of the amending order together with such documents and information relating to the case as is likely to be of assistance to the committee, and the clerk of the committee shall send two copies of the amending order to the probation officer named therein, one of which the probation officer shall give to the probationer.

3. Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, the court by which a probation order was made or the appropriate court may, upon application made by the probation officer

3 T* 2

2ND SCH. —coni.

2004

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

2nd Sch. or by the probationer, by order amend a probation order by can-

—corn. celling any of the requirements thereof or by inserting therein

(either in addition to or in substitution for any such requirement) any requirement which could be included in the order if it were then being made by that court in accordance with the provisions of sections two and three of this Act:

Provided that—

(a) the court shall not amend a probation order by reducing the probation period, or by extending that period beyond the end of three years from the date of the original order;

(b) the court shall not so amend a probation order that the probationer is thereby required to reside in an approved probation hostel or home, or in any other institution or place, or to submit to treatment for his mental condition, for any period or periods exceeding twelve months in all;

(c) the court shall not amend a probation order by inserting therein a requirement that the probationer shall submit to treatment for his mental condition unless the amending order is made within three months after the date of the original order.

4. Where the medical practitioner by whom or under whose direction a probationer is being treated for his mental condition in pursuance of any requirement of the probation order is of opinion—

(a) that the treatment of the probationer should be continued beyond the period specified in that behalf in the order; or

(b) that the probationer needs different treatment, being treatment of a kind to which he could be required to submit in

pursuance of a probation order; or

(c) that the probationer is not susceptible to treatment; or

(d) that the probationer does not require further treatment,

or where the practitioner is for any reason unwilling to continue to treat or direct the treatment of the probationer, he shall make a report in writing to that effect to the probation officer and the probation officer shall a to the court which made the order or to the

appropriate court tie variation or cancellation of the requirement.

5. Where the court which made the order or the appropriate court proposes to amend a probation order under this Schedule, otherwise than on the application of the probationer, it shall cite him to appear before the court; and the court shall not amend the probation order unless the probationer expresses his willingness to comply with the requirements of the order as amended:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to an order cancelling a requirement of the probation order or reducing the period of any requirement, or substituting a new probation area for the probation area named in the probation order.

6. On the making of an order discharging or amending a probation order, the clerk of the court shall forthwith give copies of the discharging or amending order to the probation officer; and the probation

General.

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94

(Scotland) Act, 1949

officer shall give a copy to the probationer and to the person in charge of any institution in which the probationer is or was required by the order to reside.

7. Subsection (9) of section two of this Act shall apply to any order made under this Schedule by virtue of which a probationer is required to reside in an institution or place as it applies to a probation order made under that section.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Administrative Provisions as to Probation.

Probation Areas.

1. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided each large burgh and each county inclusive of every small burgh situate therein shall be a probation area:

Provided that the Secretary of State, if the circumstances seem to him to render such a course expedient, may by order direct that any two or more of the areas aforesaid be combined in whole or in part to form one probation area or that any county (inclusive as aforesaid) be divided into two or more probation areas.

(2) Before making an order under the preceding sub-paragraph, the Secretary of State shall give to each sheriff having jurisdiction in any part of the area to which the proposed order will apply and to the council of any county or burgh to which the proposed order will apply, an opportunity of making any representations which they may desire to make with respect to the proposed order.

(3) An order made under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph may be amended or revoked by a subsequent order and the provisions of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph shall apply in relation to any such subsequent order.

Probation and Case Committees.

2. —(1) There shall be a probation committee for each probation area.

(2) The probation committee shall consist (in addition to the ex officio members under the next succeeding sub-paragraph) of such number of persons as may be prescribed (not being less than five nor, except where in the opinion of the Secretary of State the circumstances of the area otherwise require, more than fifteen), and such persons (of whom at least one shall be a woman) shall be appointed, in accordance with rules made by the Secretary of State, by the local authority for the probation area, or where the probation area comprises in whole or in part the areas of two or more local authorities, by those local authorities.

(3) The sheriff of each county wholly or partly comprised in a probation area, and any one or more sheriffs-substitute having jurisdiction in any such county whom the sheriff may nominate for the purpose, and the stipendiary magistrate for any burgh wholly or partly comprised in a probation area shall be members ex officio of the probation committee for that area.

2005

2ND SCH.

—r~CCfU.

Section n.

2006

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(iScotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

3rd Sch. 3.—(i) It shall be the duty of every probation committee—

*0Mi' (a) to appoint sufficient salaried probation officers for their

probation area, subject, in the case of such classes or descriptions of probation officers as may be prescribed, to the approval of the appointment by the Secretary of State;

(6) to pay to the probation officers appointed for their area such remuneration, allowances and expenses as may be prescribed;

(c) to provide for the efficient carrying out of the work of probation officers and to supervise such work and to receive reports by such officers;

(d) to make such payments and to such persons as may be prescribed in respect of persons under the supervision of probation officers, being persons required by a probation order or supervision order to reside in any place otherwise than for the purpose of their submitting to treatment for their mental condition as voluntary or resident patients; and

(e) to perform such other duties in connection with the work of probation officers as may be prescribed.

(2) Nothing in the last foregoing sub-paragraph shall require the probation committee for any area to appoint a whole-time probation officer for any area if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that such appointment is unnecessary.

(3) The same person may be appointed to be a salaried probation officer for two or more probation areas.

(4) It shall be competent for a probation committee to appoint in accordance with rules made by the Secretary of State one or more case committees and to delegate thereto any of their functions relating to the supervision of the work of probation officers.

(5) A probation committee may, in such cases and in such manner as may be prescribed, give financial and other assistance to persons under the supervision of probation officers appointed for their area.

Duties of Probation Officers.

4. It shall be the duty of probation officers to supervise the probationers and other persons placed under their supervision and to advise, assist and befriend them; to inquire, in accordance with any directions of the court, into the circumstances or home surroundings of any person with a view to assisting the court in determining the most suitable method of dealing with his case; to advise, assist and befriend, in such cases and in such manner as may be prescribed, persons who have been released from custody; and to perform such other duties as may be prescribed or may be imposed by any enactment.

Selection of Probation Officers.

5___(1) Where the circumstances permit, the court shall nominate

a probation officer who is a woman to supervise a female offender.

(2) The court by which a probation order has been made, shall where the probation officer named in the order dies or is unable for any reason to cany out his duties, or where the court for any reason

1949

Criminal Justice

(, Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2007

considers it desirable that another probation officer should be nominated in place of the officer named in the order, nominate another probation officer to act under the order.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall with any necessary modifications apply to the appropriate court in like manner as they apply to the court by which a probation order was made.

Expenses.

6.—(i) The sums required to meet any expenses incurred by a probation committee under the Local Government Act, 1948, or under the provisions of this Schedule, or in accordance with rules made thereunder or in respect of (a) the remuneration or expenses of any probation officer or any clerk appointed to assist a probation officer in the performance of his duty or (6) the inclusion of any salaried whole-time probation officer or any such clerk as aforesaid in a superannuation fund maintained under the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937, or under a local Act scheme within the meaning of that Act, shall be defrayed in accordance with rules made under this Schedule by the local authority in whose area the probation area is situated.

(2) Where a probation officer is appointed for more than one probation area, any expenses incurred under this Schedule in respect of the remuneration, expenses or superannuation of such officer or of any clerk appointed to assist him in the performance of his duty shall be apportioned between the probation committees for the several probation areas for which he is appointed, in such manner as may be agreed upon by the probation committees after consultation with the local authorities affected, or, in default of agreement, according to the rateable valuation in the valuation rolls of the respective probation areas.

(3) Where a probation area is situated in the area of two or more local authorities, the sums to be defrayed as aforesaid shall be apportioned between the several authorities in such manner as may be agreed upon between them, or, in default of agreement according to the rateable valuation in the valuation rolls of the respective areas of the local authorities so far as within the probation area.

General.

7. The Secretary of State may make rules—

(a) regulating the constitution, procedure, powers and duties of probation committees and case committees and the appointment and tenure of office of the members thereof;

(b) regulating the qualifications, manner of appointment, conditions of service and duties of probation officers;

(c) fixing scales of salaries and remuneration of salaried proba-

tion officers, and of expenses to be allowed to salaried and voluntary probation officers;

3RD SCH. —cent.

2008 Ch. 94 Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6 (Scotland) Act, 1949

3RD SCH. —cont. (4) regulating the expenditure which may be incurred by probation and case committees and the manner in which such expenditure is to be defrayed; (e) requiring probation committees to furnish reports with respect to the work or duties of their probation officers; (/) empowering local authorities to appoint the clerk and other officers (other than probation officers) of probation committees; (g) for the auditing of the accounts of probation committees; and (A) for prescribing anything else which under the provisions of this Schedule may be prescribed. 8. In this Schedule— the expressions " county " and " county council " mean, in the case of counties combined for the purposes mentioned in subsection (i) of section one hundred and eighteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, the combined county and the joint county council; the expression " local authority" means in the case of a large burgh, the town council and in the case of a county inclusive of any small burgh situate therein, the county council; the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the Secretary of State; the expression " sheriff " does not include sheriff substitute.

Section 20. FOURTH SCHEDULE. Borstal Training. 1. A person sentenced to Borstal training shall be detained in a Borstal institution for such period, not extending beyond three years after the date of his sentence, as the Secretary of State may determine, and shall then be released. 2. A person shall, after his release from a Borstal institution and until the expiration of a period of three years from the date of his sentence or the expiration of one year from the date of his release, whichever is the earlier, be under the supervision of such society or person as may be specified in a notice to be given to him by the Secretary of State on his release, and shall, while under that supervision, comply with such requirements as may be so specified: Provided that the Secretary of State may at any time modify or cancel any of the said requirements or order that a person who is under supervision as aforesaid shall cease to be under supervision. 3. If the Secretary of State is satisfied that a person who is undo1 supervision after his release from a Borstal institution under paragraph 1 of this Schedule has failed to comply with any requirement for the time being specified in the notice given to him under paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the Secretary of State may by order recall him to a Borstal institution; and thereupon he wall be liable to be detained in the Borstal institution until the expiration of one year

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94

(Scotland) Act, 1949

from the date of his being taken into custody under the order and, if at large, shall be deemed to be unlawfully at large:

Provided that—

(a) any such order shall, at the expiration of a period of three years from the date of the sentence, cease to have effect unless the person to whom it relates is then in custody thereunder; and

(6) the Secretary of State may at any time release a person who is detained in a Borstal institution under this paragraph; and the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall apply in the case of a person so released as they apply in the case of a person released under paragraph i of this Schedule.

4. If any person while under supervision, or after his recall to a Borstal institution, as aforesaid, is sentenced by a court in any part of Great Britain to corrective training or Borstal training or to penal servitude or detention in a Borstal institution, his original sentence of Borstal training shall cease to have effect; and if any such person is so sentenced to imprisonment, any period for which he is imprisoned under that sentence shall count as part of the period for which he is liable to detention in a Borstal institution under his original sentence.

5. The Secretary of State in exercising his functions under this Schedule shall consider any report made to him by a visiting committee on the advisability of releasing a person from a Borstal institution.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Release on Licence of Persons Sentenced to Corrective Training or Preventive Detention.

1. The Secretary of State may release on licence a person sentenced to corrective training or preventive detention after he has served such portion of his sentence as may be determined in accordance with rules made under section fifty-three of this Act or at any time.

2. A person shall, after his release on licence under paragraph 1 of this Schedule and until the expiration of his sentence, comply with such requirements as may be specified in the licence, including, if the Secretary of State thinks it expedient, a requirement that he shall be under the supervision of such society or person as may be so specified:

Provided that the Secretary of State may at any time modify or cancel any of the said requirements.

3. If before the expiration of his sentence the Secretary of State is satisfied that a person released on licence under paragraph 1 of this Schedule has failed to comply with any requirement for the time being specified in the licence, the Secretary of State may by order

2009

4TH SCH.

—couL

Section 21.

2010

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

5TH SCH —coni.

Section 22.

recall him to a prison; and thereupon he shall be liable to be detained in the prison until the expiration of his sentence, and, if at large, shall be deemed to be unlawfully at large.

4. The Secretary of State may release on licence a person detained in a prison under the last foregoing paragraph at any time before the expiration of his sentence; and the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall apply in the case of a person released under this paragraph as they apply in the case of a person released under paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

5. If any person while released on licence, or after he is recalled to a prison, as aforesaid, is sentenced by a court in any part of Great Britain to corrective training or preventive detention, the sentence by virtue of which he is on licence or has been recalled shall cease to have effect; and if any such person is so sentenced to imprisonment or penal servitude, any period for which he is imprisoned under that sentence shall count as part of the period for which he is liable to detention under the original sentence.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Registration of Address and Reporting at Police Stations by Discharged Prisoners.

1.—(1) Any person to whom this Schedule applies shall—

(a) register at an appointed police station in any police area in which he is from time to time residing the address of his residence;

(b) report once in each month, on such day as may be directed by or on behalf of the chief officer of police, at the police station at which his address for the time being is registered.

(2) Where any person to whom this Schedule applies changes his residence he shall, on registering his new address under this paragraph, state the address which was last registered by him thereunder.

(3) Any such registration and report as aforesaid shall be effected in person before the officer in charge of the police station:

Provided that any such report may, if permission in that behalf is granted by or on behalf of the chief officer of police, be made in writing.

2__(1) If any person fails without reasonable excuse to comply

with any of the requirements of the foregoing paragraph, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction thereof to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months:

Provided that—

(a) in proceedings for a failure to register an address it shall be a defence for the accused to prove either that—

(i) being on a journey to a particular destination he remained no longer in the place in which he failed to

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2011

register his address than was reasonably necessary for the 6th Sol purposes of that journey; or —coni,

(ii) his absence from his registered address was temporary and that he kept the officer in charge of the police station at which that address was registered sufficiently informed of his whereabouts; and (b) in proceedings for a failure to report it shall be a defence for the accused to prove that, being temporarily absent from his registered address on the day on which he was directed to report, he personally presented himself and reported on that day at a police station within the police area in which he then was and stated his registered address.

(2) A person to whom this Schedule applies who is reasonably suspected of having committed an offence under this paragraph may be arrested without warrant by any constable.

(3) A person charged with an offence under this paragraph may be tried in the place in which he was arrested or in the place in which the offence is alleged to have been committed or, if the offence consists of a failure to report in writing to a police station, in the place in which the police station is situated.

3. —(1) Any appointment, direction or permission purporting to be signed by or on behalf of a chief officer of police and to have been made or given for the purposes of this Schedule shall, in proceedings under the last foregoing paragraph of this Schedule, be sufficient evidence that the appointment, direction or permission thereby made or given was duly made or given Iby or on behalf of the chief officer of police.

(2] A certificate purporting to be signed by an officer in charge of a police station and certifying that it appears from the records kept at that police station that a person has failed to register an address or make a report or has registered a particular address at that police station shall, in any such proceedings as aforesaid, (be sufficient evidence of the facts so certified.

(3) A certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State and certifying that he has received a notice given pursuant to paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section twenty-two of this Act to the effect that a person has failed to comply with any requirement under that subsection shall, in any such proceedings as aforesaid, be sufficient evidence of the notice having been duly given and of the contents of the notice.

4. —(1) For the purposes of this Schedule, a person shall be deemed to reside at any house or other place of whatever description at which he spends a night.

(2) In this Schedule the following expressions have the meaning hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say: —

" Appointed police station" means a police station appointed for the purposes of this Schedule by the chief officer of police of thejx>lice area in which the police station is situated;

" Chief officer of police " and " police area " have the same meaning respectively as in section thirty of the Police Pensions Act, 1921;

2012

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

6th Sch. " Registered address ", in relation to any person, means the

—coni. address which is for the time being the address last registered

by him in accordance with this Schedule.

5. It shall be the duty of a chief officer of police to appoint a sufficient number of police stations in his area for the purposes of this Schedule.

Sections 39, 46. SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Forms of Notices to Accused in Criminal Proceedings.

Proceedings on Indictment.

Form No. i.

Notice of Previous Convictions.

A.B. Take notice that in the event of your being convicted of the charge of in the indictment to which this notice

is attached, it is intended to place before the Court the undemoted previous convictions applying to you as aggravations of the said charge.

Date. Place of trial. Court. Offence. Sentence.

(Date) C.D.

Summary Proceedings.

Form No. 2.

Notice as to penalty for statutory offence,

A.B. Take notice that in the event of your being convicted of the charge[s] of contravening {give reference to sections of Acts or Orders) in the complaint preferred against you at my instance you will be liable to the penalties set forth in the said section[s] [or in section of the said Act] namely {set forth shortly the penalties.)

C.D. Procurator Fiscal [or Burgh Prosecutor]

(Date) [or Justice of the Peace Fiscal]

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2013

Form No. 3.

Notice of Previous Convictions in charge of Statutory Offence.

A.B. Take notice that in the event of your being convicted of the charge of contravening {give reference to the section of Act or Order) in the complaint preferred against you at my instance it is intended to place before the Court the undemoted previous convictions applying to you and you will be liable (in respect that the offence is a second [or third] offence) to the penalties set forth in the said section[s] [or in section of the said Act] namely {set forth shortly the penalties).

List of previous convictions.

Date. Place of trial. Court. Offence. Sentence.

C.D. Procurator Fiscal [or Burgh Prosecutor]

Justice of the Peace Fiscal] (Date)

Form No. 4.

Notice of previous convictions in charge of Common Law offence.

A.B. Take notice that in the event of your being convicted of the charge[s] of in the complaint preferred against

you at my instance it is intended to place before the Court the following previous convictions applying to you :—

Date. Place of trial. Court. Offence. Sentence.

C.D. Procurator Fiscal [or Burgh Prosecutor]

(Date) [or Justice of the Peace Fiscal]

7TH SCH. —coni

2014

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

CScotland) Act, 1949

Section 56.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Release of Young Offenders from Prison on Licence.

1. A person released on licence under section fifty-six of this Act shall until the expiration of his sentence be under the supervision of such society or person as may be specified in the licence and shall comply with such other requirements as may be so specified:

Provided that the Secretary of State may at any time modify or cancel any such requirements.

2. If before the expiration of his sentence the Secretary of State is satisfied that a person released as aforesaid has failed to comply with any requirement for the time being specified in the licence he may by order recall him to a prison; and thereupon he shall be liable to be detained in prison until the expiration of his sentence and, if at large, shall be deemed to be unlawfully at large.

3. The Secretary of State may release on licence a person detained in a prison under the last foregoing paragraph at any time before the expiration of his sentence; and the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall apply in the case of a person released under this paragraph as they apply in the case of a person released under section fifty-six of this Act.

4. Where the unexpired part of the sentence of a person released under the said section fifty-six is less than six months, the provisions of this Schedule shall apply to him subject to the following modifications—

(a) the period for which he is under supervision under paragraph 1,

and is liable to recall under paragraph 2, shall be a period of six months from the date of his release under the said section fifty-six;

(b) if he is recalled under paragraph 2, the period for which he may be detained thereunder shall be whichever is the shorter of the following, that is to say—

(ij the remainder of the said period of six months; or (ii) the part of his sentence which was unexpired on the daite of his release under the said section fifty-six reduced by any time during which he has been so detained since that date; and he may be released on licence under paragraph 3 at any time before the expiration of that period.

Provisions Relating to Persons in England after Discharge from Prisons, Etc., in Scotland.

1. Where any person serving a term of imprisonment for life has been released on licence under siibsection (1) of section fifty-seven of this Act, he may be recalled under subsection (2) of that section notwithstanding that he is for the time being in England; and in relation to any such persons, while in England, the said subsection (2) shall extend to England accordingly.

Sections 20, 56 and 62.

NINTH SCHEDULE.

1949 Criminal Justice Ch. 94

(Scotland) Act, 1949

2. Where any person sentenced to Borstal training under this Act, or who is required by virtue of any enactment to be treated as if he had been so sentenced, is released from a Borstal institution, he shall continue to be under supervision, and may be recalled, in accordance with the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, notwithstanding that he is for the time being in England and in relation to any such person, while in England, the provisions of that Schedule (other than paragraph i thereof) shall extend to England accordingly.

3. Where any person sentenced under this Act to corrective training or preventive detention, or required by virtue of section sixty-two of this Act to be treated as if he had (been so sentenced, is released on licence under paragraph 1 of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, any requirements of the licence shall continue in force, and he may be recalled under the said Fifth Schedule, notwithstanding that he is for the time being in England; and in relation to any such person, while in England, the provisions of that Schedule (except paragraph 1 thereof) shall extend to England accordingly.

4. Where any person serving a sentence of imprisonment is released on licence under subsection (2) of section fifty-six of this Act, he shall continue to be under supervision, and may be recalled, in accordance with the provisions of the Eighth Schedule to this Act, notwithstanding that he is for the time being in England; and in relation to any such person, while in England, the provisions of that Schedule shall extend to England accordingly.

5. Where, under section twenty-two of this Act, any person convicted of an offence is ordered to be subject to the provisions of that section, he shall remain so subject notwithstanding that he is for the time being in England; and in relation to any such person, while in England, the provisions of that section and of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall extend to England accordingly.

TENTH SCHEDULE.

Transitory Provisions.

1. Where in any proceedings commenced before the date of the commencement of this Act no sentence, probation order, order discharging the offender absolutely or other order finally disposing of the case has been passed or made, the court shall have power to pass or make any sentence or order which it could have passed or made if the proceedings had been commenced after the said date.

2__(1) Any person who immediately before the commencement of

this Act was undergoing or liable to undergo a term of penal servitude under a sentence passed by a court in any part of Great Britain or as a condition of a pardon granted by His Majesty for an offence for which he was sentenced to death, or in consequence of the forfeiture or revocation of a licence granted in any part of Great Britain under the Penal Servitude Acts, 1853 to 1891, shall, if he is or ought to be in custody in Scotland at the commencement of this Act, be treated thereafter as if he had been sentenced to, or were undergoing or liable to undergo, imprisonment and not penal servitude for that term.

2015

9TH SCB. —cont.

Section 76.

2016

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(iScotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

ioth Sch. (2) Where any person who having been sentenced to penal servitude —cont. for life, or while undergoing penal servitude for life as a condition of a

pardon granted as aforesaid, is at the commencement of this Act the holder of a licence granted under the Penal Servitude Acts, 1853 to 1891, which has not been forfeited or revoked, he shall be deemed to have been released on licence under section fifty-seven of this Act.

(3) In the case of a person who is deemed iby virtue of the last foregoing sub-paragraph to have been released on licence under section fifty-seven of this Act, the Secretary of State may, without recalling him to prison, substitute for the licence granted under the Penal Servitude Acts, 1853 to 1891, a licence under the said section fifty-seven.

(4) Where any person who having been sentenced to penal servitude for a term less than life is at the commencement of this Act the holder of a licence granted as aforesaid under the Penal Servitude Acts, 1853 to 1891, which has not been forfeited or revoked, he shall be treated as if his sentence had expired.

3. Any person who has been sentenced to imprisonment with hard labour for a term which has not expired at the commencement of this Act shall, for the remainder of that term, be treated as though he had been sentenced to imprisonment without hard labour; but nothing in this paragraph shall affect any disability or disqualification attaching to him by virtue of his sentence.

4___(1) Any person who is at the commencement of this Act

detained in custody under a sentence of preventive detention shall for the remainder of the period for which he was sentenced to preventive detention be treated as if he had been sentenced to preventive detention under this Act; and the provisions of this Act relating to preventive detention shall apply to him accordingly.

(2) Where a person having been sentenced to a term of preventive detention is at the commencement of this Act absent from prison by virtue of a licence granted under section fourteen of the Prevention of Crime Act, 1908, the provisions of Part II of that Act shall continue to apply to him; but if before the expiration of the term his licence is revoked or forfeited the said provisions shall cease to apply, and he shall for the remainder of the term be treated as if he had been sentenced to preventive detention under this Act; and the provisions of this Act relating to preventive detention shall apply to him accordingly.

(3) Where a person has been sentenced to penal servitude for a term which has not expired at the commencement of this Act, and is liable to undergo a period of preventive detention on the determination of the sentence of penal servitude, there shall be substituted for the sentence of preventive detention a sentence of preventive detention under this Act for a like period; and the provisions of this Act relating to preventive detention shall apply to that person accordingly.

5.—(1) Any person who, having been sentenced to detention in a Borstal institution, is or ought to be immediately before the commencement of this Act detained in Scotland in a Borstal institution,

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2017

or in a prison awaiting removal to such an institution, or then holds a licence in force under section five of the Prevention of Crime Act, 1908, or is under the supervision of the Secretary of State under section six of that Act, shall be deemed to have been sentenced to Borstal training under this Act, or to be under supervision under the Fourth Schedule to this Act; and in its application to him the said Fourth Schedule shall have effect as if for the references therein to three years there were substituted references to the term of the sentence of detention in a Borstal institution.

(2) Any person to whom Part I of the Prevention of Crime Act, 1908, applied immediately before the commencement of this Act by reason of his transfer from a prison to a Borstal institution under section three of that Act shall be treated as if he were transferred under the provisions of this Act on the date of the commencement of this Act.

6___(1) Where at the commencement of this Act a person is subject

to the supervision of the police pursuant to the direction of a court in Scotland given under section eight of the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871, the period for which he is under supervision shall expire at the end of twelve months from the commencement of this Act unless it shall have expired sooner.

(2) Any period of supervision as aforesaid exceeding twelve months which has not begun before the commencement of this Act shall by virtue of this Act be reduced to twelve months.

(3) The Secretary of State may substitute for any such direction, the period of supervision under which has not expired at the commencement of this Act, an order that the person subject to supervision under the direction shall, during the remainder of the period for which he would be liable to such supervision, be subject to die provisions of section twenty-two of this Act.

7.—(1) Any probation order made under the Probation of Offenders Act, 1907, by virtue of which a person is under supervision at the commencement of this Act shall be deemed to have been made under this Act:

Provided that where any requirement as to residence in such an order has been in operation for more than six months the probation officer shall apply to the court for a review of the requirement for the purpose of considering whether the requirement should be cancelled or the period thereof reduced, and where the requirement has been in operation for more than twelve months the probation officer shall report the case to the court with a view to an order terminating the requirement.

(2) Any order made by the Secretary of State under paragraph (ii) of subsection (1) of section two of the Probation of Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931, for the combination or division of areas shall have effect as if made under the Third Schedule to this Act.

(3) The members of a probation committee appointed for any area in accordance with rules under section three of the aforesaid Act of 1931 holding office at the commencement of this Act shall, pending an appointment of a committee under paragraph 2 of the Third Schedule to this Act be deemed to be the probation committee

IOTH SCH. —coni.

2018

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

CScotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

ioth Sch. for that area under this Act and the salaried probation officers —coni. appointed under the said Act for any area and holding office at the commencement of this Act shall be deemed to have been appointed under paragraph 3 of the said Schedule.

8. For the purposes of this Act—

(a) prison rules made under any enactment repealed by this Act and regulations made under section four of the Prevention of Crime Act, 1908, shall be deemed to have been made under section fifty-three of this Act; and

(b) rules made under the Probation of Offenders Act, 1907, or the Probation of Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931, shall be deemed to have been made under paragraph 7 of the Third Schedule to this Act.

9. In relation to any person who—

(a) having been sentenced to a term of preventive detention is at the commencement of this Act absent from prison by virtue of a licence granted under section fourteen of the Prevention of Crime Act, 1908; or

(b) is at the commencement of this Act subject to the supervision of the police pursuant to the direction of any court under section eight of the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871,

the provisions of section twenty-one of the Firearms Act, 1937, shall have effect as originally enacted and not as amended by this Act.

Section 77»

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Consequential and Minor Amendments.

Act to be A.

Amendment.

The Prisons (Scotland) In section twenty-eight, the words from Act, 1877. " may from time to time " to " convicted

40 & 41 Vict. c. 53. " criminal prisoners, and " shall cease to

have effect.

Sections thirty-seven, forty-eight to fifty and fifty-two shall be omitted.

In section seventy-one, for the definition of the expression " burgh0 the following definition shall be substituted " Burgh 0 shall have the same meaning as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act,

it TA 99

The Criminal Procedure In section sixty-three, for the words "such (Scotland! Act, 1887. "extract" there shall be substituted the

50 & 51 Vict. c. 35. words " an extract of such ".

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) . 1949

Ch. 94

2019

Act to be amended. The Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908.

8 Edw. 7. c. 65.

The Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38.

Amendment. iith Sch.

In section thirty-four, for the words "such " previous conviction shall be set forth in the complaint and " there shall be substituted the words "and such previous " conviction is set forth in the notice " referred to in subsection (4) of section "forty-six of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949, then"; in paragraph

(1) after the word "tendered" and in paragraph (2) after the word "thereof " there shall be inserted the words " the " prosecutor shall place the notice before " the judge and"; the words in the said paragraph (2) " after conviction " shall be omitted; and in paragraph (8), after the word "herein ", there shall be inserted the words " or in section forty-" six of the Criminal Justice (Scotland)

" Act, 1949".

In section three, in subsection (1) in sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (c) for the words "a certified industrial school " there shall be substituted the words "a " school approved under section eighty-" three of the Children and Young " Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937," and in sub-paragraph (iii) of the said paragraph for the words from " undergoing a sentence" to "department "of a prison" there shall be substituted the words "detained (other-" wise than while awaiting trial or "sentence or under civil process) in " a prison or other institution to which " the Prisons (Scotland) Acts 1860 to 1926 " apply, or, in a remand home or who is " detained in a school approved under " section eighty-three of the Children and " Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937,

" a mental hospital, an inebriate refor-" matory or a State Mental Hospital".

In section five, for the words from " (a)

" under an order " to " inebriate reforma-" tory " there shall be substituted the words " under an order made by the " sheriff—

" (a) on a petition presented under this Act (hereinafter referred to as a judicial order); or (b) in pursuance of section ten of this Act m the case of a defective detained in a prison or other institution to which the Prisons

2020

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

lira Sch.

—COfl/

Act to be amended.

The Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38 -cont.

The Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 58.

The Firearms Act, 1937. 1 Edw. 8 & Geo. 6. c. 12.

Amendment.

(Scotland) Act, 1860 to 1926, apply, or in a remand home, or in a school approved under section eighty-three of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, or in an inebriate reformatory or who is detained in a State Mental Hospital

In section seventeen, in subsection (1), the words "or the Secretary for Scotland ", shall be omitted.

In section thirty-three, in subsection (2), the words from " or", to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

In section thirty-four, for subsection (2), there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (2) Where the order is made in pursuance of section ten of this Act—

(a) if the order is in respect of a person

detained in a prison or other institution to which the Prisons (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1926, apply, or in a remand home, or in an inebriate reformatory or who is detained in a State Mental Hospital, that person shall for the purposes of the foregoing section be presumed to have resided in the place where the offence was, or was alleged to have been, committed, unless it be proved that he resided in some other place;

(b) if the order is in respect of a person

in a school approved under section eighty-three of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, that person shall for the purposes of the foregoing section be deemed to have resided in the place (if any) determined to have been Ins place of residence for the purposes of his committal to such school."

In section four, in subsection (1) after the word "prison " there shall be inserted the words " or a detention centre " and after the word "imprisonment " there shall be added the words " or detention ".

In section twenty-one, in subsection (1) after the words " penal servitude " there shall be inserted the words "preventive

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2021

Act to be amended.

The Firearms Act, 1937. 1 Edw. 8 & Geo. 6. c. 12.—cont.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, *937-

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. 37-

Amendment.

" detention or corrective training", in subsection (2) for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph

" (a) is the holder of a licence issued under section fifty-six or fifty-seven of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949, or the Fifth or Eighth Schedule to that Act, or section fifty-seven of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937; or " and in paragraph (6) the words "is " subject to the supervision of the police, " or " shall cease to have effect and after the word "firearm" there shall be inserted the words "or is subject to a " probation order containing a require-" ment that he shall not possess, use or " carry a firearm In section twenty-five, in subsection (1) for the words " penal servitude " there shall be substituted the words "preventive " detention, corrective training ", the words "to be subject to police super-* vision or " shall cease to have effect, and after the word "firearm " in the first place where it occurs there shall be inserted the words "or is subject to a " probation order containing a require-" ment that he shall not possess, use or " carry a firearm ".

For section forty-three there shall be substituted the following section :—

"43.—(1) Where a child or young person is to be brought before a court notification of the day and hour when, and the nature of the charge or other grounds on which, the child or young person is to be so brought shall be sent by the responsible person—

(a) in the case where the child or young person is charged with an offence, to the probation officer or one of the probation officers for the probation area in which the court will sit; and

(b) in the case where the child or young

person is brought before the court as being in need of care or protection, to the local authority for the area in which he is resident, or if it is not known where he is

IITH SCH. —cont.

2022

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14Gbo. 6

iith Sch. —cont.

Act to be .

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937-

i Edw. 8 & i Geo. 6. c. 37.—cont.

Amendment.

resident, to the local authority for the area or any one of the areas in which the circumstances justifying the application to the court are alleged to have arisen.

In this subsection the expression respon-* sible person' means, in the case where the child or young person is charged with an offence, the chief constable of the area in which the offence is alleged to have been committed, and in any other case the person (not being a local authority) bringing the child or young person before the court.

(2) Where a probation officer or a local authority has or have received a notification under the last foregoing subsection, or where a local authority themselves bring a child or young person before a court as being in need of care or protection, the probation officer or, as the case may be, the children's officer appointed by such local authority under section forty-one of the Children Act, 1948, shall, except in cases which appear to him to be of a trivial nature, make such investigations and render available to the court such information as to home surroundings as appear to him will assist the court and shall apply to the appropriate education authority for a report (which that authority shall have a duty to give) furnishing such information as to the school record, health and character of the child or young person, and, in proper cases, as to the availability of approved schools, as shall appear to the education authority to be likely to assist the court/*

In section fifty-three, for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (3) The attainment of the age of seventeen years by a probationer shall not deprive a juvenile court of jurisdiction to enforce his attendance and deal with him in respect of any failure to comply with the requirements of the probation order or the commission of a further offence or to amend or discharge the probation order/*

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2023

Act to be .

Amendment.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, I937*

i Edw. 8 & i Geo. 6. c. 37.—coni.

In section fifty-eight, for the words "this " Act" there shall be substituted the words " section eighteen of the Criminal " Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 In section fifty-nine, in subsection (1) the words "damages or expenses " and the words "or awarded" wherever they occur, shall cease to have effect.

In section sixty-two, in paragraph (a) of the proviso the words " undergoing " detention in a Borstal Institution or " was " shall cease to have effect and at the end of the proviso there shall be added the following paragraph:—

" (c) in the case of a person who was undergoing detention in a Borstal institution, than the end of the period for which he would have been liable to be detained therein."

In section sixty-three, after the word "enactment ", there shall be inserted the words "whether passed before or after " the commencement of this Act ".

IITH SCH. —coni.

In section seventy-four, in proviso («) to subsection (2) for the words " conditions " of a bond " there shall be substituted the words "requirements of a super-" vision order or probation order ".

In section eighty-one, after subsection (2), there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (2A) A local authority may contribute towards the expenditure incurred by any society or person in establishing, enlarging or improving an institution for the purpose of its being used, in accordance with an arrangement with the authority, as a remand home for the area of that authority, such sums, and subject to such conditions, as the authority think fit; and subsection (5) of section seventy-five of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949, shall apply to any sums so paid as it applies to the payments referred to in that subsection."

In section eighty-two, for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (3) The Secretary of State shall cause remand homes to be inspected and may make rules for their inspection, regulation

2024

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Scotland) Act, 1949

IITH SCH. —coni.

Act to be amended.

Amendment.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937-

i Edw. 8 & i Geo. 6. c. 37.—cont.

In section eighty-six, in subsection (1) for the words "and may (any other Act to " the contrary notwithstanding) be " brought " there shall be substituted the words "and brought back to his school; " and (notwithstanding any enactment " regulating the time within which and " the court before which proceedings " may be brought) any such person may, " whether or not he is brought back, be " brought, with the authority of the " Secretary of State, at any time ",

In section ninety-four, in subsection (5) for the words " conditions of a bond " there shall be substituted the words "require-" ments of a supervision order or proba-" tion order ".

and management, and for the classification, treatment, employment, discipline and control of persons detained in custody therein, and for the visitation of such persons from time to time by persons appointed in accordance with the rules."

The National Service Act, In the First Schedule, in paragraph 1 after 1947. the words "preventive detention " there

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 31. shall be inserted the words "correc-

" tive training" and for the words "Borstal Institution" there shall be substituted the words " detention centre; " or was or would, if he had not been " unlawfully at large, have been detained " in a Borstal institution

The Police Pensions Act, 1948.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 24.

The Criminal Act, 1948.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58. US1*

orders rela to persons residing in

In section four, in subsection (1) after the words "penal servitude " there shall be inserted the words " preventive deten-" tion or corrective training ".

Justice For section nine there shall be substituted the following section:—

" 9.—(1) Where the court by which a probation order is made under section relating three of this Act is satisfied that the offender resides or will reside in Scotland, subsection (2) of that section shall not Scotland. apply to the order, but the order shall specify as the appropriate court for the purposes of this section a court of summary jurisdiction (which, in the case of an offender convicted on indictment, shall be the sheriff court) having jurisdiction in the place in Scotland in which the offender resides or will reside.

1949

Criminal Justice

CScotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2025

Act to be amended.

The Criminal Justice Act, 1948.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58. —coni.

Amendment.

(2) Where a probation order has been made under section three of this Act and the supervising court is satisfied that the probationer proposes to reside or is residing in Scotland, the power of that court to amend the order under the First Schedule to this Act shall include power to amend it by substituting for the provisions required by subsection (2) of the said section three the provisions required by subsection (1) of this section; and the court may so amend the order without summoning the probationer and without his consent.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, an order as made or amended under this section shall not require the offender to reside in any institution, or to submit to treatment for his mental condition, but without prejudice to any power of a court in Scotland to impose any such requirement under the next following subsection.

(4) Subsections (1) to (3) of section five and subsections (1) and (2) of section six of this Act shall not apply to any order made or amended under this section; but the provisions of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 (except paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section five and section six of that Act) shall apply to the order as if it were a probation order made under section two of that Act and as if the court specified in the order as the appropriate court had been named as such under subsection (2) of that section. 5

(5) If in the case of a probation order made or amended under this section the appropriate court (as defined by the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949) is satisfied that the probationer has failed to comply with any requirement of the probation order, the court may, instead of dealing with him in any manner authorised by the said Act, commit him to custody or release him on bail until he can be brought or appear before the court in England by which the probation

3 U

IITH SCH. —cont.

2026

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

iith Sch. —coni.

Act to be amended. Amendment.

The Criminal Justice order was made, and, if it so commits Act, 1948. him or releases him on bail,—

the court shall send to the said court in England a certificate certifying that the probationer has failed to comply with such of the requirements of the probation order as may be specified in the certificate, together with such other particulars of the case as may be desirable;

that court shall have the same powers as if the probationer had been brought or appeared before it in pursuance of a warrant or summons issued under subsection (1) of section six of this Act;

and a certificate purporting to be signed by the clerk of the appropriate court shall be admissible as evidence of the failure before the court which made the probation order.

(6) In relation to a probation order made or amended under this section, the appropriate court (as defined by the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949) shall have jurisdiction for the purposes of subsection (1) of section eight of this Act; and paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (3) of that section shall not apply to any summons or warrant issued under that section by that court.

(7) The court by which a probation order is made or amended under this section shall send three copies of the order as made or amended to the clerk of the court specified in the order as the appropriate court, together with such documents and information relating to the case as it considers likely to be of assistance to that court; and subsection (6) of section three of this Act, or paragraph 6 of the First Schedule to this Act, as the case may be, shall not apply to any such order.

(8) Where a probation order which is amended under subsection (2) of this section is an order to which the provisions of this Act apply by virtue of section seven of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 (which relates to probation orders under that Act relating to persons

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58. —coni.

M

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2Q27

Amendment.

residing in England), then, notwithstanding anything in that section or this section, the order shall, as from the date of the amendment, have effect in all respects as if it were an order made under section two of that Act in the case of a person residing in Scotland, and as if the court specified as the appropriate court in the order as so amended had been named as such under subsection (2) of the said section two."

In section twenty-three after subsection (2) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (3) For the purposes of subsections (1) and (2) of section twenty-one of this Act a certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Lord Advocate that an offence is punishable on indictment in Scotland with imprisonment for a term of two years or more shall be evidence of the matter so certified."

At the end of section fifty-two there shall be added the following subsection :—

" (5) Rules made under this section may provide for the temporary release of persons serving a sentence of imprisonment, corrective training, preventive detention, or Borstal training."

In section fifty-seven, in subsection (1), for the words from " subject to such conditions" to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words "subject to compliance with such conditions, if any, as the Secretary of State may from time to time determine."

In section sixty-one, in subsection (5), for the words from " The provisions of Part I " to " that Schedule " there shall be substituted " The provisions of the Seventh Schedule to this Act."

At the end of section sixty-five there shall be added the following subsection:—

" (4) For the purposes of this section a person who, after being temporarily released in pursuance of rules made under subsection (5) of section fifty-two of this Act, is at large at any time during the period for which he is liable to be detained in pursuance of his sentence shall be deemed to be unlawfully at large

3 U 2

Act to be amended.

The Criminal Justice Act, 1948.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58. —cont.

IITH SCH. —cont.

2028

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

IITH SCH.

—cont.

Section 79.

Act to amended. The Criminal Justice Act, 1948.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58. —cont.

Amendment. if the period for which he was temporarily released has expired or if an order recalling him has been made by the Prison Commissioners in pursuance of the rules/' In the Eighth Schedule, after sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1, there shall be inserted the following sub-paragraph:—

" (2a) In the case of a person who is deemed by virtue of the last foregoing sub-paragraph to have been released on licence under section fifty-seven of this Act, the Secretary of State may, without recalling him to prison, substitute for the licence granted under the Penal Servitude Acts, 1853 to 1891, a licence under the said section fifty-seven."

TWELFTH SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

3 Geo. 4. c. 114 The Hard Labour Act, The whole Act.

5 Geo. 4. c. 84 1822. The Transportation Act, The whole Act.

11 Geo. 4 & 1824. The Transportation Act, Section two.

1 Will. 4. c. 39- 4 & 5 Will. 4. 1830. The Transportation Act, The whole Act.

c. 67. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 61 1834. The South Australia Act, The whole Act.

6 Sc y Vict. c. 7 1842. The Transportation Act, The whole Act.

10 & 11 Vict. 1843. The Transportation Act, Section two.

c. 67. 16 & 17 Vict. 1847. The Penal Servitude Act, The whole Act.

c. 99-20 & 21 Vict. 1853. The Penal Servitude Act, The whole Act except sec-

c. 3. 1857* tions two and six.

23 & 24 Vict. The Prisons (Scotland) Sections seventy-two and

c. 105. Act, 1860. seventy-three.

27 & 28 Vict. The Penal Servitude Act, The whole Act.

c. 47. 34 35 Vict. 1864. The Prevention of Crimes I Sections three to five and

c. 112. 1 Act, 1871. I eight.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2029

I

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

40 & 41 Vict. The Prisons (Scotland) Section six.

c. 53- Act, 1877. In section ten, the words " and enforcement of hard labour ". Sections fourteen, fifteen, twenty-seven. In section twenty-eight, the words from '* may from time to time " to " convicted criminal prisoners, and Sections twenty-nine, thirty-seven, forty-four to fifty, fifty-two, fifty-eight and sixty-four.

42 & 43 Vict. The Prevention of Crime i The whole Act.

c- 55- Act, 1879.

I2TH SCH. —coni.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 35.

The Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887.

In section nineteen, the words "previous conviction or " and the words from " every such conviction " to the end of the section.

In section twenty-seven, the words " and any extract convictions that are to be produced " and the words from " and where " to the end of the section.

In section twenty-nine, the words " and extract convictions relative thereto ".

In section thirty-one, the words " other than productions to prove previous convictions ".

In sections sixty-three, sixty-four and sixty-five the words "Extracts of " .

In section sixty-six, the words from " such conviction shall be held" to " notice is given ".

In Schedule A, in the first of the examples of indictments, from " add in case" to " as the case may be ".

54 55 Vict, c. 69.

The Penal Servitude Act, 1891.

In section one, in subsection (2) the words "with or without hard labour ". Sections two to six and ten.

7 Edw. 7. c. 17

The Probation of Offenders Act, 1907.

The whole Act.

2030

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

I2TH ScH.

—cont.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

8 Edw. 7. c. 59 The Prevention of Crime Act, 1908.

8 Edw. 7. c. 65 The Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908.

9 Edw. 7. c. 27

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38.

The Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1909.

The Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 58.

The Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 81.

The Circuit Courts and Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1925.

The whole Act.

In section seven, in paragraph (1) the words "with or without hard labour ".

In section eleven in paragraph (4) the words " with or without hard labour ".

In section twelve, the words "with or without hard labour

In section forty-three, the words " with or without hard labour " and paragraph (2).

In section seventy-seven, in paragraph (4) the words " and forty-eight".

In Schedule B, in sections sixty-three, sixty-four and sixty-five of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887 as applied to summary proceedings the words "Extracts of ".

In Schedule C, the words from " A statutory charge " to the end of the List of Previous Convictions.

Schedule E, so far as it relates to the probation of offenders.

The whole Act.

Section nine, so far as it relates to persons charged with offences.

In section twenty-five, in subsection (2), the proviso.

Sections seven to nine, eleven and twenty-six.

In section forty-two, paragraphs (8) and (11).

In section three, the words from " omitting so far as necessary " to " convictions and".

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 15.

The Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926.

In section nine, subsections (3) and (5).

In section sixteen, the words from " petition for" to " reference to the " and the word *' to " in the second place where it occurs.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94

2031

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 58.

The Penal Servitude Act, 1926.

The whole Act.

21 ft 22 Geo. 5. c. 30.

The Probation of Offenders (Scotland) Act,

The whole Act.

23 ft 24 Geo. 5. c. 20.

25 ft 26 Geo. 5. c. 32.

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8. c. 16.

I93i.

The False Oaths (Scotland) Act, 1933.

The Criminal Lunatics (Scotland) Act, 1935.

The Coinage Offences Act, 1936.

In section two, the words "with or without hard labour *.

In section one, subsection (1) and sections two, three and seven.

In section twelve, in subsection (1) the words "penal servitude or/’.

I2TH Sch. —font.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 12.

The Firearms Act, 1937...

1 Edw. 8 ft 1 Geo. 6. c. 37.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937-

In section twenty-one, in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) the words "is subject to the supervision of the police or

In section twenty-five, in subsection (1) the words "to be subject to police supervision or ".

Section forty-one.

Section fifty-six.

In section fifty-seven, in subsection (2) the words "notwithstanding anything in the other provisions of this Act".

In section sixty-two, in proviso (a), the words "undergoing detention in a Borstal Institution or was

Section sixty-four.

In section seventy, subsection (3).

In section eighty-six, in subsection (1) the words from " and that court" to the end of the subsection.

In the Second Schedule, in paragraph 8 the words from " and that court " to the end of the paragraph.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 48.

The Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1938.

Section ten.

9 ft 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1946.

In section one hundred and forty-two, in subsection (1), the words "subsection (3) of section fifty-six and ".

2032

Ch. 94

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

12 TH SCH.

-- COf

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

ii & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. The Companies Act, 1948 Section four hundred and forty-three.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43* The Children Act, 1948 ... The Third Schedule, so far as it relates to section forty-three of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. The Criminal Justice Act, Section ten.

c. 58. 1948. In section seventy-one, subsection (4): section eighty-one so far as it relates to sections ten and seventy-one. Part I of the Seventh Schedule.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act.

Short Title. Session and Chapter.

Treason Act, 1790 30 Geo. 3* c. 48.

Treason Act, 1814 54 Geo. 3. c. 146.

Lands Clauses (Consolidation) (Scotland) Act,

1845 8 & 9 Vict. c. , 18.

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857 20 & 21 Vict. c. 71.

Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1860 23 & 24 Vict. c. 105.

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862 25 & 26 Vict. C. 54.

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866 29 & 30 Vict. c. 51.

Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics (Scotland)

Amendment Act, 1871 34 & 35 Vict. c. 55

Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871 34 & 35 Vict. c. 112.

Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877 40 & 41 Vict. C. 21.

Peterhead Harbour of Refuge Act, 1886 49 & 50 Vict. c. 49.

Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887 50 & 51 Vict. c. 35.

Bail (Scotland) Act, 1888 5i & 52 Vict. c. 36.

Interpretation Act, 1889 52 & 53 Vict. c. 68.

Penal Servitude Act, 1891 54 & 55 Vict. c. 69.

Probation of Offenders Act, 1907 7 Edw. 7. c. 17.

Post Office Act, 1908 8 Edw. 7. c. 48.

Prevention of Crime Act, 1908 8 Edw. 7. c. 59.

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908 ... 8 Edw. 7. c. 65.

Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act,

1913 3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38.

Police Pensions Act, 1921 11 & 12 Geo. 5- c. 31.

Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926 16 & 17 Geo. 5- c. 15.

Probation of Offenders (Scotland) Act, 1931 ... 21 & 22 Geo. 5- c. 30.

False Oaths (Scotland) Act, 1933 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 20.

Criminal Lunatics (Scotland) Act, 1935 25 & 26 Geo. 5- c. 32.

1949

Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act, 1949 Ch. 94, 95

2033

Short Title. Session and Chapter.

Firearms Act, 1937 Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 12.

1937 Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) 1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c- 37-

Act, 1937 1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 69.

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 42.

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

Local Government Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

Criminal Justice Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58.

CHAPTER

Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

Reconstitution of the General Nursing Council for Scotland

1. Reconstitution of the General Nursing Council and consequential provisions.

Training of Nurses

2. Regional nurse-training committees.

3. Schemes for the training of nurses.

4. Research and experimental training of nurses.

5. Expenditure on training of nurses.

6. Expenses of regional nurse-training committees.

Miscellaneous Amendments of Nurses ( Acts

7. The Mental Nurses Committee.

8. Registration of nurses trained abroad.

9. Closing of parts of the register.

10. Provisions relating to the approval of training institutions.

11. Fees and contributions in respect of training institutions.

12. Admission to the register of persons included in the list, &c.

13. Removal of limitation on fee for retention on the register or the

roll.

14. Information with respect to nurses.

15. Penalization of acts falsely implying inclusion in the list.

16. Allowances to members of the Council and the Assistant Nurses

Committee.

3 U*

2034

Reconstitution

of the

General

Nursing

Council and

consequential

provisions.

Ch. 95 Nurses ( Sc 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Supplementary Provisions

Section

17. Rules and orders.

18. Expenses of the Council.

19. Reports to the Secretary of State.

20. Membership of the Council, &c., not to involve Parliamentary

disqualification.

21. Interpretation.

22. Short title, citation, extent and repeal.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—The General Nursing Council for Scotland. Second Schedule.—Regional Nurse-Training Committees.

Third Schedule.—The Mental Nurses Committee.

Fourth Schedule.—Enactments Repealed.

An Act to reconstitute the General Nursing Council for Scotland and otherwise to amend the Nurses (Scotland) Acts, 1919 to 1945, and to make further provision with respect to the training of nurses for the sick.

[16th December, 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Reconstitution of the General Nursing Council for Scotland

1.—(1) On the appointed day the General Nursing Council for Scotland (in this Act referred to as " the Council ") shall cease to be constituted in accordance with the Schedule to the Act of 1919 and shall be reconstituted in accordance with the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) The Act of 1919 shall have effect as if, in paragraph 5 of the Schedule thereto (which provides that the members of the Council shall hold office for a term of five years),—

(a) in relation to the members of the Council appointed in the year nineteen hundred and forty-seven, a reference to the period beginning with the seventh day of December in that year and ending with the day immediately preceding the appointed day had been substituted for the reference to a term of five years; and

(b) in relation to the members of the Council elected in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five, a reference to the period beginning with the seventh day of December in that year and ending with the day immediately preceding the appointed day had been so substituted.

1949

Nurses (Scotland)

Act, 1949

Ch. 95

2035

(3) The members of the Assistant Nurses Committee appointed by the Council who hold office on the day immediately preceding the appointed day shall vacate office on the expiration of the first-mentioned day (without prejudice however to their eligibility for re-appointment), and the vacancies shall be filled by the making, by the Council, of fresh appointments of members who shall hold office for the residue of the term of office then current of the other members of the Committee.

(4) The supplementary provisions contained in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Council as reconstituted by this section and for the purposes of the reconstitution of the Council, and it shall be the duty of the Council as constituted in accordance with the enactments relating to the constitution thereof which are in force at the commencement of this Act to do all things requisite for securing, in accordance with that Schedule, the election of such of the members of the Council as so reconstituted as are required by that Schedule to be elected, so as to enable them to come into office on the appointed day.

Training of Nurses

2.—(1) The Secretary of State shall, after consulting the Regional Council, by order constitute, in accordance with the Second nurse-training Schedule to this Act, a regional nurse-training committee for comm,ttecs-each area as hereinafter defined and any such committee shall exercise, as respects the area for which it has 'been so constituted, the functions in this Act assigned to it.

(2) It shall be the duty of a regional nurse-training committee—

(a) generally to supervise the training of nurses in accord-

ance with the training rules, and in particular to have regard as respects persons engaged in such training, to the methods employed by those persons of training nurses;

(b) to report to the Council from time to time on the matters referred to in the last foregoing paragraph; and

(c) to advise and assist the Council on matters referred to

them by the Council which may include matters relating to the approval of institutions for the purposes of the training rules.

(3) The supplementary provisions contained in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to regional nurse-training committees.

3 u* 2

2036

Ch. 95

Schemes for the training of nurses.

Research and experimental training of nurses.

Nurses (Scotland) 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(4) In this section the expression " area" means a hospital area:

Provided that the Secretary of State may by order direct that an area consisting of two or more hospital areas shall be an area for the purposes of this section.

3. —(1) Where it appears to them necessary, in order to ensure that full and proper use is made of resources available for the purpose, a regional nurse-training committee may prepare and submit to the Council a scheme for the training of nurses, either by a Board of Management acting on behalf of a Regional Hospital Board, or by any other authority or person engaged in the training of nurses who makes a request in that behalf to the committee, or jointly by any two or more such Boards of Management, authorities or persons.

(2) Before preparing a scheme under the last foregoing subsection a regional nurse-training committee shall consult any Regional Hospital Board concerned, and shall on or before the day on which the scheme is submitted to the Council serve a copy of the scheme on any such Regional Hospital Board.

(3) The Council may approve, with or without modifications (which may include additions or exceptions) any scheme submitted to them under subsection (1) of this section:

Provided that where any Regional Hospital Board on whom a copy of the scheme is required by the last foregoing subsection to be served, represents, within two months after such service, that the scheme, so far as it relates to a hospital vested in the Secretary of State and situated in the area of the Board, should not be approved or should be approved subject to such modifications as may be specified in the representations, the Council shall before approving the scheme give due consideration to the representations.

(4) Subject to the provisions of section ten of this Act, a scheme approved under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent scheme so approved, or by the Council.

(5) An institution in which the training of nurses is carried on in accordance with a scheme for the time being approved under this section shall be deemed to be an approved institution for the purposes of the training rules.

4. —(1) It shall be the duty of a regional nurse-training committee to promote, with a view to securing the improvement of methods of training nurses, research and investigation into matters relating to the training of nurses, and to render to the Council reports of the results of research and investigation promoted by the committee.

(2) If the Council are of opinion that it would be advantageous that a trial should be made of a scheme of training and examinations to be undergone and passed by persons as a condition of

1949

Nurses (Scotland)

Act, 1949

Ch. 95

2037

their admission to the register or, as the case may be, the roll, being training and examinations differing from, but appearing to the Council to be no less efficient than, the trainine and examinations for the time being required by rules made by the Council to be so undergone and passed, they may, with the approval of the Secretary of State by resolution adopt the scheme for such period as may be specified in the resolution and in relation to such institutions situated in such area for which a regional nurse-training committee is constituted under this Act as may be so specified, being institutions appearing to the Council to be suitable for the purpose of carrying out the scheme therein.

(3) A scheme of training and examinations adopted by a resolution of the Council under this section shall provide that, during the period for which it is so adopted, persons who undergo to the satisfaction of the Council, in an institution or institutions specified in the resolution adopting the scheme, the training specified in the scheme and who pass the examinations so specified shall, notwithstanding anything in any rules made by the Council, be entitled on making an application in that behalf to be admitted to the register or, as the case may be, the roll, and may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions (including provisions for charging fees in respect of the undergoing of examinations specified in the scheme) as appear to the Council to be requisite or expedient for the purposes of the scheme.

(4) The period for which a scheme of training and examinations is adopted under this section may from time to time be extended by resolution of the Council for such period as may be specified in the resolution.

5. —(1) Expenditure incurred by a Board of Management in respect of the training of nurses, being expenditure of such description as the Secretary of State may specify for the purpose of this subsection, shall, so far as it is incurred in accordance with estimates approved by the regional nurse-training committee, instead of being defrayed in accordance with section fifty-four of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, be defrayed by that committee.

(2) A regional nurse-training committee may make contributions towards the expenses incurred in training nurses by any authority or person, other than a Board of Management, engaged in training nurses in the area for which the committee is constituted.

(3) Any question arising under subsection (1) of this section shall be determined by the Secretary of State. 6

6. All expenses incurred by a regional nurse-training committee with the approval of the Council shall be defrayed by the Council.

Expenditure on training of nurses.

Expenses of regional nurse-training committees.

2038

Ch. 95

The Mental

Nurses

Committee.

Nurses ( Sc 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Miscellaneous Amendments of Nurses (Scotland) Acts

7.—(1) On the expiration of the period of three months beginning with the appointed day or such longer period as the Secretary of State may by order specify, there shall be established a Committee of the Council, to be called the Mental Nurses Committee, constituted in accordance with the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) The following matters, namely—

(a) any matter which wholly or mainly concerns registered

mental nurses or registered nurses for mental defectives (other than a question whether a person shall be registered or shall be removed from or restored to the register or a matter arising out of any such question); and

(b) any matter relating to the training of persons for admis-

sion to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases or to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental defect,

shall stand referred to the Mental Nurses Committee, and any such question as aforesaid or matter arising thereout, and any other matter, may be referred by the Council to that Committee; and the Committee shall consider all such matters and report upon them to the Council, and the Council, before taking any action on any such matter, shall, unless in the opinion of the Council the matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of the Committee:

Provided that any matter which stands referred to the Mental Nurses Committee or is referred to them by the Council shall be finally dealt with by the Committee on behalf of the Council if, and in so far as, the Council expressly authorise the Committee to deal finally with it, and the Committee shall make a report to the Council as to the way they have dealt with it.

(3) The Council may pay to the members of the Mental Nurses Committee sums (to be calculated in accordance with directions to be given by the Secretary of State) in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the Mental Nurses Committee.

1949

Nurses (Scotland)

Act, 1949

Ch. 95

2039

(4) The supplementary provisions contained in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Mental Nurses Committee and for the purposes of the establishment thereof.

8. —(1) A person who proves to the satisfaction of the Council that in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom, he successfully completed his training either generally as a nurse or as a nurse of some special class in accordance with a scheme of training recognised by the Council as being satisfactory for the purposes of this subsection, that he underwent his training in an institution so recognised and that he is of good character shall, on making an application in the prescribed manner and on payment of such fee, if any, as may be prescribed, be entitled to be registered in the part of the register appearing to the Council to be appropriate to his case.

(2) If, in the case of a person who proves to the satisfaction of the Council that he successfully completed his training either generally as a nurse or as a nurse of some special class in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom but who is unable to prove that his training was in accordance'with a scheme of training recognised by the Council as being satisfactory for the purposes of the foregoing subsection and that he underwent his training in an institution so recognised, the Council are of opinion that he could properly be registered after undergoing to their satisfaction such further training in the United Kingdom as may be specified by them and passing such examinations, if any, as may be so specified, they may, if they are satisfied that he is of good character, register him if, after undergoing the specified twining in the United Kingdom to their satisfaction and passing any specified examinations, he makes, in the prescribed manner, an application in that behalf and pays such fees as may be prescribed.

(3) Subsections (1) and (2) of section six of the Act of 1919 (which provide for the registration of nurses registered in any part of His Majesty’s dominions outside the United Kingdom) shall cease to have effect.

9. —(1) On the date on which rules made by the Council under section three of the Act of 1919 providing for the admission of male nurses to the general part of the register first come into operation, the supplementary part of the register containing the names of male nurses shall be amalgamated with the general part of the register.

(2) If, with respect to any part of the register (other than the general part or the part containing the names of male nurses) die Council at any time make a request in that behalf to the

Registration of nurses trained abroad.

Closing of parts of the register.

2040

Ch. 95

Nurses ( 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

, 1949

Secretary of State, he may by order direct that, after such a date as may be specified in the order, no person shall be admitted to that part of the register.

(3) No request under the last foregoing subsection shall be made by the Council with respect to—

(a) the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases;

(b) the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental defect; or

(c) the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children,

unless the Council are satisfied that means exist whereby members of the public can readily ascertain whether a registered nurse has been trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases or in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental defect or in the nursing of sick children as the case may be.

(4) Where a direction is given under subsection (2) of this section with respect to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of registered mental nurses or with respect to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of registered nurses for mental defectives, the Secretary of State, after consulting the Council, may by die order containing the direction or a subsequent order amend the First and Third Schedules to this Act to such extent as appears to him requisite or expedient in consequence of the giving of the direction, and where a direction is given under the last foregoing subsection with respect to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of registered sick children’s nurses, or with respect to the supplementary part of the register containing the names of registered fever nurses, the Secretary of State, after consulting the Council, may by the order containing the direction or a subsequent order amend the said First Schedule to such extent as appears to him requisite or expedient in consequence of the giving of the direction.

(5) Nothing in this section shall affect the power of the Council to remove a person from, or restore a person to, the register.

Provisions 10.—(1) If the Council are of opinion that they would be

relating to the justified in—

(a) refusing to approve an institution for the purposes of the training rules, or

(b) withdrawing approval given by them for those purposes to an institution, or

approval oi training

institutions.

1949

Nurses (Scotland)

Act, 1949

Ch. 95

2041

(c) varying or revoking a scheme for the training of nurses approved under section three of this Act,

they shall give to the persons responsible for the management of the institution or, as the case may be, to the persons responsible for the management of any institution which, if the variation or revocation of the scheme takes effect, would cease to be an approved institution for the purposes of the training rules, notice of such opinion and of the grounds on which it was arrived at, and shall not proceed to a final determination of the question whether or not to refuse to approve the institution or to withdraw their approval thereof or to vary or revoke the scheme, as the case may be, until they have afforded those persons an opportunity of making representations in writing to the Council and, if required by such persons, of being heard by the Council.

(2) The Council shall notify their final determination of any such question as aforesaid to the persons to whom they are required by the last foregoing subsection to give such a notice as is therein mentioned and any such persons may at any time before the expiry of twenty-eight days from the notification to them of the determination of the Council require the matter to be referred to the decision of two persons or more appointed for the purpose by the Lord President of the Court of Session.

(3) There shall be paid to any persons appointed under the last foregoing subsection such fees and allowances as the Treasury may determine, and any sums required for the payment of such fees and allowances shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) Subsection (2) of section seven of the Act of 1919 and subsection (2) of section five of the Act of 1943 (which provide for an appeal to the Secretary of State against such refusals as aforesaid) shall cease to have effect.

11.—(i) The Council may charge the persons responsible for Fees and the management of institutions approved by the Council for the purposes of the training rules and the persons responsible for SdSg the management of institutions the approval whereof by the institutions. Council for those purposes is sought by them, not being, in either case, institutions vested in the Secretary of State, such fees respectively, by way of contribution towards the expenses incurred in inspecting and approving institutions for those purposes, as may be prescribed.

(2) The Secretary of State may make to the Council, out of moneys provided by Parliament, contributions of such amounts as he may determine towards the expenses of the Council in inspecting and approving for the purposes of the training rules institutions vested in him.

2042

Ch. 95

Nurses (Scotland) 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Admission to the register of persons included in the list, &c.

Removal of limitation on fee for retention on the register or the roll.

Information with respect to nurses.

Penalization of acts falsely implying inclusion in the list.

Allowances to members of the Council and the Assistant Nurses Committee.

12. —(1) The Council shall make rules providing for the admission to the register, on payment of such fees (if any) as may be prescribed, of—

(a) persons whose names are included in the list; and

(b) persons other than as aforesaid who hold certificates

issued by institutions which appear to the Council to be satisfactory for the purposes of this provision stating that they completed before the beginning of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, a course of training in nursing in the institution and who satisfy the Council that they are of good character and have adequate knowledge and experience of nursing.

(2) A person whose name is included in the list shall, on being admitted to the register, cease to be included in the list, and it shall be the duty of the Council to make requisite alterations therein.

13. The limitations respectively imposed by paragraph

of the proviso to subsection (1) of section five of the Act of 1919 and by paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section four of the Act of 1943 on the fee chargeable in respect of the retention of a name on the register and on the roll shall cease to have effect.

14. —(1) Copies of the register, the roll and the list shall be kept at the office of the Council and shall be open to the inspection of any person without charge during usual business hours.

(2) If the Council determine in any year not to publish the register, the roll or the list, it shall be their duty to publish in such manner as the Secretary of State may direct, lists of persons who have been admitted to, removed from or restored to the register, the roll or the list during that year.

15. Any person, who, not being a person whose name is included in the list, takes or uses any name, title, addition or description implying that his name is so included shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first conviction, ten pounds, and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, fifty pounds. 16 *

16. The Council may pay to the members thereof and to the members of the Assistant Nurses Committee sums (to be calculated in accordance with directions to be given by the Secretary

of State) in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or in-

curred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform

duties as members of the Council or Committee as the case may

be.

1949

Nurses (Scotland)

Act, 1949

Ch* 95

2043

Supplementary Provisions

17. —0) The Council may make rules prescribing anything Rules and which by this Act is required or authorised to be prescribed. orders-

(2) Rules made by the Council under this Act shall not come into operation unless and until they are approved by the Secretary of State.

(3) The power conferred on the Secretary of State by this section and any power to make an order conferred on him by this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(4) A statutory instrument by which the power conferred on the Secretary of State by this section is exercised and a statutory instrument containing an order made under the foregoing provisions of this Act or the Second Schedule thereto shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) Any power to make an order conferred on the Secretary of State by this Act shall be construed as including a power exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions (if any) to revoke or vary the order.

18. All expenses incurred by the Council with the approval Expenses of of the Secretary of State which are attributable to defraying ex- Council, penditure incurred by regional nurse-training committees shall

be defrayed by the Secretary of State out of moneys provided by Parliament, and all other expenses incurred by the Council under this Act and all expenses incurred by them under the Acts of 1919 and 1943 shall be defrayed out of fees and contributions received by them under this Act or the Acts of 1919 and 1943 or out of any other sums received by the Council.

19. —(1) The Council shall annually, at such date as the Reports to the Secretary of State may direct, make to the Secretary of State Secretary of

a report as to the discharge by them during the preceding year state* of their functions with respect to the training of nurses, and the Secretary of State shall lay every such report before Parliament.

(2) Section nine of the Act of 1919 is hereby repealed.

20. A member of the Council, the Assistant Nurses Com-Membership

mittee, the Mental Nurses Committee, a regional nurse-training of the Council, committee or a sub-committee of a regional nurse-training com- to

mittee shall not, by reason of his membership, be rendered Parliamentary incapable of being elected, or of sitting and voting, as a member disqualifica-of the House of Commons. tion. 21

21. In this Act unless the context otherwise requires the interpretation, following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say: —

" the Act of 1919" means the Nurses Registration (Scotland) Act, 1919;

2044

Ch. 95

Nurses (Scotlan 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

" the Act of 1943" means the Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1943; " the appointed day" means the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-one or such earlier day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint;

" chief male nurse" means a male nurse in charge of the male nurses employed in a mental hospital;

" the Council " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section one of this Act;

" education authority " has the same meaning as in the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946;

" hospital " has the same meaning as in the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947;

" hospital area" means an area for which a Regional Hospital Board is for the time being constituted under subsection (1) of section eleven of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947;

"the list" means the list of nurses kept by the Council under section eighteen of the Act of 1943;

" mental hospital" means a mental hospital for the purposes of the Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1913;

" nurse" means a nurse for the sick, and " nursing " shall be construed accordingly;

" prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the Council under this Act;

" regional nurse-training committee" means a committee constituted by an order of the Secretary of State under subsection (1) of section two of this Act;

" the register" means the register of nurses established under the Act of 1919, and " registered " shall be construed accordingly;

" registered fever nurse" means a nurse whose name is included in the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing of persons suffering from fever;

"registered nurse for mental defectives" means a nurse whose name is included in the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental defect;

"registered mental nurse" means a nurse whose name is included in the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases; " registered sick children’s nurse" means a nurse whose name is included in the supplementary part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children;

1949

Nurses (Scotland)

Act, 1949

Ch. 95

2045

" supplementary part of the register" means a supplementary part thereof mentioned in subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1919 or prescribed in pursuance of paragraph (e) of that subsection;

" the roll" means the roll of assistant nurses established under Part I of the Act of 1943, and " enrolled " shall be construed accordingly;

" the training rules" means rules relating to training made by the Council under section three of the Act of 1919 or section two of the Act of 1943.

22.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1949, and the Nurses (Scotland) Acts, 1919 to 1945, and this Act may be cited together as the Nurses (Scotland) Acts, 1919 to 1949.

(2) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the first and second columns of the Fourth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULES FIRST SCHEDULE The General Nursing Council for Scotland New Constitution of the Council

1. The Council shall consist of—

(a) thirteen persons elected as hereinafter mentioned;

(b) eleven persons appointed by the Secretary of State;

(c) two persons appointed by the Privy Council, of whom one shall be appointed to represent universities in Scotland.

2. —(1) Of the elected members of the Council—

(a) seven, who shall be nurses (including male nurses) registered

in the general part of the register, shall be elected by nurses so registered;

(b) two, who shall be registered mental nurses or registered nurses for mental defectives, shall be elected by nurses so registered, and one of the persons so elected shall be a man and one a woman;

(c) one, who shall be a registered fever nurse, shall be elected

by registered fever nurses;

(d) one, who shall be a registered sick childrens nurse, shall be elected by registered sick children’s nurses;

(e) two, who shall be persons holding certificates given by virtue of section thirteen of the Act of 1943 (which provides for the giving of certificates to persons trained in the teaching of nursing), shall be elected by such persons.

Short title, citation, extent and repeal

Section 1.

2046

Ch. 95

Nurses (Scotland) 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

1st Sch. (2) Each of the nurses to be elected in pursuance of the last fore-

—cont. going subparagraph shall, on the date of election, be engaged in

Scotland in nursing or in other work for which the employment of a registered nurse is requisite or for which a registered nurse is commonly employed.

3. The members of the Council appointed by the Secretary of State shall include—

(a) two registered nurses employed in services provided under

Part m of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, appointed by him after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of nurses so employed;

(b) registered medical practitioners, appointed by him after consultation with such organisations representative of the medical profession as he thinks fit;

(c) persons with experience in hospital management, appointed

by him after consultation with such persons and bodies having experience in hospital management as he thinks fit;

(d) persons with experience in local government, appointed by him after consultation with such local health authorities, or such organisations representative of local health authorities, as he thinks fit; and

(e) a person or persons with financial experience.

Supplementary Provisions

4. The members of the Council required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to be elected shall be elected in accordance with die prescribed scheme and in the prescribed manner.

5. The members of the Council shall hold office for a term of five years:

Provided that the members first appointed under sub-paragraph

(b) or sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall hold office for a term of three years. 6

6. —(1) If the place of a member of the Council becomes vacant before the expiration of his term of office whether by death, resignation or otherwise, the vacancy shall, if the member was appointed by the Secretary of State or the Privy Council, be filled by a person appointed by the Secretary of State or the Privy Council, as the case may be, and in any other case shall be filled by a person appointed by the Council.

(2) A person appointed to fill a casual vacancy occurring in the place of an elected member of the Council shall be a person who would be qualified for election to that place if an election were to take place on the date on which he is appointed and a person appointed to fill any other casual vacancy shall, if the place vacant was originally filled by a person required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to be a person of a particular class, himself be of that class.

1949 Nurses (, ScCh. 95

Act, 1949

(3) A person appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only so long as the member in whose stead he is appointed would have held office.

7. A person ceasing to be a member of the Council shall be eligible for re-appointment or re-election.

8. The Council may enter into such agreements, acquire such property and do such things, as may in the opinion of the Council be necessary or desirable for the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties, and may dispose as they think fit of any property acquired by them.

9. The powers of the Council may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Regional Nurse-Training Committees

Constitution of Regional Nurse-Training Committees

1. A regional nurse-training committee for any area shall consist of such number of persons of each of the following classes as may be specified in the order constituting the committee, that is to say—

(a) persons appointed by the Regional Hospital Board for the

area for which the Committee is constituted, or, if that area comprises more than one hospital area, by the Regional Hospital Boards for those areas;

(b) persons appointed by the Council;

(c) persons appointed by the Central Midwives Board for Scotland;

(d) persons appointed by the Secretary of State after consultation with the local health authorities in the area;

(e) persons appointed by the Secretary of State after consulta-

tion with the education authorities in the area; and

(/) persons appointed by the Secretary of State after consultation with such universities as he thinks fit;

and the said order may contain provisions with respect to the qualifications of members of the committee, so, however, that a majority of the members shall be registered nurses.

Supplementary Provisions

2. The Secretary of State may by order make provision—

(a) with respect to the appointment, tenure of office and vacation of office of the members of a regional nurse-training committee for any area;

(Z>) with respect to the appointment of sub-committees of such a committee consisting wholly or partly of the members thereof and the delegation of functions to such sub-committees;

2047

1st Sch. —cont.

Section 2.

2048

Ch. 95

2nd Sch. —corn.

Nurses (Scotland) 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act., 1949

(c) for the making by such a committee to the members thereof

and to the members of any sub-committee thereof of such payments as may be specified in the order in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the committee or sub-committee as the case may be;

(d) with respect to the keeping of accounts of sums received and expended by such a committee and the making up and audit of those accounts and the times at which and the form in which estimates of their expenditure are to be submitted by them to the Council; and

(e) with respect to the procedure (including quorum) of such a

committee.

3. It shall be the duty of the Regional Hospital Board for a hospital area for which a regional nurse-training committee is constituted under this Act, or, where the area for which the committee is constituted comprises more than one hospital area, of such one of the Regional Hospital Boards for those areas as the Secretary of State may direct, to take, so soon as may be after the constitution of the committee, the requisite steps to convoke the committee for the first meeting thereof.

4. —(1) It shall be the duty of the Regional Hospital Board for any area for which a regional nurse-training committee is constituted under this Act or, where the area for which the committee is constituted comprises more than one hospital area, of such one of the regional Hospital Boards for those areas as the Secretary of State may direct, to provide that committee, on such terms as may, in default of agreement, be determined by the Secretary of State with the services of such of the officers and servants of the Board and with such office accommodation as the committee may reasonably require.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing sub-paragraph a regional nurse-training committee may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, themselves employ officers and servants and may pay officers and servants employed by them such remuneration as they may determine.

(3) Any dispute arising under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph as to the reasonableness of any requirement shall be determined by the Secretary of State.

5. The chairman of a regional nurse-training committee shall be such one of the members thereof as may be selected by the committee. 6

6. The powers of a regional nurse-training committee may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

1949

Nurses (Scotland)

Act, 1949

Ch. 95

2049

THIRD SCHEDULE The Mental Nurses Committee Constitution of the Mental Nurses Committee

1.—(1) The Mental Nurses Committee shall consist of eleven persons, of whom—

(a) five shall be members of the Council appointed by the Council;

(b) one shall be a registered mental nurse elected by persons who, on the date of the election, are registered mental nurses; and

(c) one shall be a registered nurse for mental defectives elected

by persons who, on the date of the election are registered nurses for mental defectives;

(d) four shall be appointed by the Secretary of State.

(2) Of the members appointed by the Council, two shall be the registered mental nurses or registered nurses for mental defectives elected to membership thereof by nurses so registered.

(3) The members appointed by the Secretary of State shall respectively be a matron of a mental hospital which is an institution approved by the Council for the purposes of the training rules, a registered mental nurse engaged in the teaching of the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases, a registered medical practitioner engaged in the teaching of psychiatry and a chief male nurse of such a mental hospital as aforesaid, and the appointment of each of those persons shall be made by the Secretary of State after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of persons of the class to which the person to be appointed belongs.

Supplementary Provisions

2. The members of the Mental Nurses Committee required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to be elected shall be elected in accordance with the prescribed scheme and in the prescribed manner.

3. The members of the Mental Nurses Committee shall hold office for a term of five years:

Provided that

(i) a member of the Committee appointed by the Council shall

cease to hold office as such member if he ceases to be a member of the Council; and

(ii) the members of the Committee first appointed by the Secretary of State shall hold office for a term of three years.

4. —(1) If the place of a member of the Mental Nurses Committee becomes vacant before the expiration of his term of office, whether by death, resignation or otherwise, the vacancy shall, if the member was appointed by the Secretary of State, be filled by a person appointed by the Secretary of State, and, in any other case, shall be filled by a person appointed by the Council.

Section 7.

2050

Ch. 95

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Section 22.

Nurses ( Sc) 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(2) A person shall not be appointed to fill a casual vacancy in the place of any member of the Committee unless he possesses the qualification required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule for election or, as the case may be, appointment under the said provisions to that place.

(3) A person appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only so long as the member in whose stead he is appointed would have held office.

5. A person ceasing to be a member of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be eligible for re-appointment or re-election.

6. The powers of the Mental Nurses Committee may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

7. The chairman of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be such one of the members of the Committee who are members of the Council as may be selected by the Committee.

8. The quorum of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be four.

9. The Mental Nurses Committee may, with the approval of the Council, make standing orders regulating the summoning of meetings of the Committee and the proceedings of the Committee.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

9 & 10 Geo. 5. The Nurses Registration As from the appointed day, in

c. 95. (Scotland) Act, 1919. section one, subsection (2). As from the date of the first coming into operation of such rules as are referred to in subsection (1) of section nine of this Act, in section two, in subsection (2), paragraph (b). In section four, subsection (3). In section five, in subsection (1), paragraph (b) of the proviso. In section six, subsections (1) and (2). In section seven, subsection (2). Section nine. As from the appointed day, the Schedule.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. The Nurses (Scotland) In section three, subsection (3).

c. 33. Act, 1943. In section four, in subsection (1), paragraph (b) of the proviso. In section five, subsection (2). Section nineteen.

1949 Nurses (Scotland) Ch. 95,96

Act, 1949

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title ! I Session and Chapter i

Nurses Registration (Scotland) Act, 1919 Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1943 Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 95. 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 33. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

CHAPTER 96

Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Territorial Army and Royal Auxiliary Air Force

Section

1. Establishment of territorial army associations for two or more

counties.

2. Constitution of associations.

3. Powers and duties of associations.

4. Conditions of enlistment.

5. Conditions of service.

6. Calling out for home defence service and termination of such

service.

7. Application of enactments to Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

8. Provisions consequent on renaming of auxiliary air force.

Part II

Naval and Marine Reserves

9. Special class of Royal Fleet Reserve.

10. Liability of naval and marine reserves to be called into actual

service.

11. Supplementary provisions as to calling out of naval and marine

reserves.

Part III

Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve

12. Calling out of army reserve (including militia).

13. Supplementary provisions as to calling out under s. 12.

14. Application of enactments to air force reserve.

15. Amendment of 24 Geo. 5. c. 5.

Part IV Supplementary

16. Supplementary and consequential provisions and repeals.

17. Interpretation.

18. Short title and citation.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Amendment of Enactments.

Second Schedule.—Enactments Repealed.

2051

2052

Ch. 96

Establishment of territorial army

associations for two or more counties.

Auxiliary and Reserve 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Forces Act, 1949

An Act to amend the law relating to the Territorial Army, the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, the Naval and Marine Reserves, the Army Reserve and the Air Force Reserve; and for purposes connected therewith.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Part I

Territorial Army and Royal Auxiliary Air Force

1.—(1) An association for the purposes of Part I of the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907 (hereinafter referred to as " the Act of 1907 ") may be established as well for two or more counties as for one county; and in relation to an association so established references in the Act of 1907 to a county or two or more counties, and to county associations, shall be construed accordingly.

(2) The provision to be made under paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of section one of the Act of 1907 for constituting the lieutenant of the county, or failing him such other person as the Army Council may think fit, president of an association shall be, in relation to an association established for two or more counties, provision for constituting president of the association the lieutenant of such one of those counties as the Army Council may from time to time think fit, or, failing any of those lieutenants, such other person as the Army Council may think fit.

(3) The scheme under section one of the Act of 1907 for an association established for two or more counties shall provide for constituting the lieutenant of any of those counties a vice-president of the association in any case where he is not president of the association and is willing to serve as vice-president.

(4) In subsections (1), (2) and (4) of section thirty-nine of the Act of 1907 (which make special provision as respects the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, the Warden of the Stannaries and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Isle of Wight) references to the associations of the counties of Kent, Sussex, Cornwall, Devon and Southampton shall be construed as including respectively references to associations of the county and any other county or counties jointly. 5

(5) As respects an association established for the City of London and one or more other counties, the Act of 1907 and the

1949 Auxiliary and Reserve Ch. 96

Forces Act, 1949

foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the following provisions, that is to say,—

(a) subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall apply as if the Lord Mayor of the City of London were the lieutenant of a county, and

(b) subsection (3) of section thirty-nine of the Act of 1907 (which provides that the Lord Mayor shall ex officio be president of the association of the City of London) shall not apply.

2.—(1) The provisions of subsection (3) of section one of the Constitution Act of 1907 (which relate to the constitution of associations of associations, in accordance with schemes under that section) shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Any such scheme shall provide for the appointment as members of the association of such number of members or former members of His Majesty’s military forces as may be specified in the scheme, not being less than one half of the whole number of the association; and paragraph (d) of the said subsection (3)

(which provides that not less than half of the whole number of the association shall be officers representative of all arms and branches of the Territorial Army raised within the county) is hereby repealed.

(3) Any such scheme shall provide for the appointment by the Army Council as members of the association—

(a) of such number of persons as may be specified in the scheme as representing the Army Cadet Force, the Combined Cadet Force and the Sea Cadet Corps respectively; and

(b) of such number of persons as may be so specified as representing employers in, and persons employed in, the area for which the association is established; and in paragraph (/) of the said subsection (3) (which provides for co-opted members) the words "including, if thought desirable, representatives of the interests of employers and workmen " are hereby repealed.

(4) The power conferred by paragraph (e) of the said subsection (3) to appoint representatives of county and county borough councils shall include power subject to the same provisions—

(a) to appoint representatives of the councils of county districts within the county or, in the case of the county of London, to appoint representatives of metropolitan borough councils;

(b) to appoint a person as representing a county council in its capacity as local education authority, in addition to persons appointed as representing the council generally; and

2053

Part I

—cont.

2054

Part I

—cont.

Powers and duties of associations.

Ch. 96 Auxiliary and Reserve 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Forces Ac, 1949

(c) in the case of any county where a joint education board is constituted as the local education authority for the whole or any part of the county, to appoint a representative of that board.

In relation to the City of London references in the said paragraph (e) to county councils shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as references to the common council of the City.

(5) A scheme under the said section one made before the coming into operation of this section shall after the coming into operation thereof continue in force, until varied or revoked, notwithstanding that the provisions of the scheme do not comply with subsection (3) of that section as amended by this section:

Provided that any such scheme shall cease to have effect on the expiration of six months from the coming into operation of this section unless any amendments of the scheme necessary to bring it into conformity with the said subsection (3) as so amended have previously been made.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland, for subsection

(4) the following subsection shall be substituted: —

" (4) The power conferred by paragraph (e) of the said subsection (3), as read with section forty of the said Act, to appoint representatives of county councils and town councils of large burghs shall include power, subject to the same provisions,—

(a) to appoint representatives of the town councils of small burghs and district councils within the county;

(6) to appoint a person as representing a county council in its capacity as education authority, in addition to persons appointed as representing the council generally; and

(c) to appoint a person as representing a joint county council in its capacity as education authority for counties combined for the purposes of subsection (1) of section one hundred and eighteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, in addition to persons appointed as representing generally the councils of the separate counties of the combination.

In this subsection the expression ‘ small burgh has the same meaning as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947."

3.—(1) In subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1907 (which makes it the duty of an association to be acquainted with and conform to the plan of the Army Council for the organisation of the Territorial Army within die area for which

1949

Auxiliary and Reserve

Forces Ac, 1949

Ch. 96

2055

the association is constituted) for the reference to the Territorial Army there shall be substituted a reference to all His Majesty’s military forces.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, it shall be the duty of an association to make itself acquainted with and conform to the plan of the Admiralty for the organisation within the area for which the association is constituted of the reserves of the Royal Navy and of the reserves of the Royal Marines in so far as that plan relates to matters with respect to which functions are conferred on the association under the next following subsection.

(3) So much of the said subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1907 as provides for conferring on associations functions connected with the organisation and administration of His Majesty’s military forces shall extend to the conferring on the association of functions connected with the organisation and administration of the reserves of the Royal Navy, of the reserves of the Royal Marines, and of the Army Cadet Force, the Combined Cadet Force and the Sea Cadet Corps; and references in that subsection to His Majesty’s military forces shall be construed accordingly.

(4) Subject as hereinafter provided, the Admiralty shall pay to an association such sums as in their opinion are required to meet the necessary expenditure connected with the exercise and discharge by the association of the powers and duties conferred on it by virtue of this section; and—

(a) subsections (2) and (3) of section three of the Act of 1907 (which relate to statements of the financial requirements of the association and the application of grants) shall apply in relation to payments under this subsection with the substitution for references to the Army Council of references to the Admiralty;

(b) an association shall keep separate accounts of grants made to the association by the Admiralty and the expenditure thereof, and subsection (5) of the said section three shall apply to those accounts with the substitution for references to the Army Council of references to the Admiralty.

(5) In calculating the payments to be made to an association by the Admiralty under the last foregoing subsection or by the Army Council under subsection (1) of section three of the Act of 1907, regard shall be had only to expenditure incurred by the association in connection with the exercise and discharge of powers and duties relating to matters under the control of the Admiralty or the Army Council, as the case may be; and the Admiralty and the Army Council shall make any apportionment of expenditure necessary for the purposes of this subsection.

Part 1

—cont.

2056

Ch. 96

Auxiliary and Reserve 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Forces Act, 1949

Part I (6) Subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1907 (which —corn. specifies particular matters in respect of which functions may

be conferred on associations) shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this subsection: —

(a) in ascertaining, under paragraph (e) of that subsection, the times of training best suited to the circumstances of civil life, an association shall have regard to the principal industries of the area for which the association is established, and shall consult with representatives of employers in, and of persons employed in, those industries in the area;

(ft) the proviso to paragraph (/) (which prevents the giving of financial assistance to certain school corps in respect of persons under sixteen) is hereby repealed;

(c) paragraph (j)(which provides for the payment of

separation and other allowances to the families of men of the Territorial Army when embodied or called out on actual military service) is hereby repealed;

(d) in paragraph ( k) (which provides for the registration in

conjunction with the military authorities of horses for any of His Majesty’s forces) after the word "horses " there shall be inserted the words "vehicles, stores and equipment "; and ( e) in paragraph (/) (which imposes functions for the care of reservists and discharged soldiers) for the words "care of reservists and discharged soldiers" there shall be substituted the words "welfare of members and former members of His Majesty’s military forces and of members and former members of the reserves of the Royal Navy and of the reserves of the Royal Marines

(7) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any expenditure under subsection (4) of this section, and

(ft) any increase attributable to the provisions of this section in the sums payable out of such moneys under section three of the Act of 1907 (which provides for grants to meet the expenditure of associations in the discharge of their functions) or that section as applied to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

Conditions of 4. A man of the Territorial Army (other than a man deemed enlistment. to be enlisted therein for a term of part-time service by virtue of the provisions in that behalf of the National Service Act, 1948) shall be enlisted for service in such corps and shall be posted to such unit in that corps as he may select; and accordingly—

(a) proviso (a) to subsection (1) of section nine of the Act of 1907 (which provides that a man shall be enlisted

1949 Auxiliary and Reserve Ch. 96

Forces Act, 1949

for a county and shall be appointed to serve in such corps for the county, and in such unit in that corps, as he may select) is hereby repealed; and

(6) in paragraph (ii) of subsection (3) of that section (which provides that a man shall be entitled to be discharged on paying for the use of the association for the county in which he was enlisted a sum not exceeding five pounds) for the words "the association for the county for which he was enlisted " there shall be substituted the words "the association administering the unit in which he is serving, or, if that unit is administered by more than one association, the association administering the part thereof in which he is serving

5.—(1) Every officer and man of the Territorial Army to Condition* whom this section applies shall be liable— of service,

(a) to serve in any part of the United Kingdom;

(b) to be called out for actual military service in any place in the United Kingdom in defence of the United Kingdom against actual or apprehended attack, notwithstanding that the Territorial Army, or the part thereof to which he belongs, has not been embodied; and

(c) at any time while the Territorial Army, or the part thereof to which he belongs, is embodied, to serve in any place outside the United Kingdom:

Provided that the provisions of paragraph (c) of this subsection shall not apply to any man in whose case it was agreed* at the time of his enlistment that he was accepted for home service only.

(2) This section applies to officers accepting commissions in the Territorial Army after the commencement of this Act, and to men entering the Territorial Army (whether on being enlisted or on being deemed to be enlisted or on being re-engaged therein) after the said commencement; and section thirteen of the Act of 1907 (which relates to the area of service of the Territorial Army) shall not apply to officers and men of the Territorial Army to whom this section applies.

(3) A man to whom this section applies may, by order of the competent military authority—

(a) at any time while the part of the Territorial Army to

which he belongs is embodied, be posted without his consent to any unit within his corps or be transferred without his consent to any corps; and

(b) at any time while he is serving under paragraph ( of

subsection (1) of this, section be posted without his consent to any unit within his corps:

Provided that if he continues in territorial army service and so desires there shall, as soon as may be convenient after the

3 X

2057

Part I —cont.

2058

Part I

—cont.

Calling out for home defence service and termination of such service.

Ch. 96 Auxiliary and Reserve 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Forces Act, 1949

end of the period of embodiment or, as the case may be, of the period of his service under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of this section, be taken all such steps as are necessary to enable him to serve again in the corps and unit in which he was serving at the time when he was first so transferred or posted, as the case may be.

(4) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall apply to men serving for a term of part-time service in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the National Service Act, 1948, or affect. the transfer or posting of such men.

6.—(1) It shall be lawful for a Secretary of State, at any time when it appears to him that the occasion so requires, to give, and when given to revoke or vary, such directions as he may think fit for calling out for actual military service in accordance with the provisions of paragraph ( of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section any officer or man of the Territorial Army who by virtue of those provisions is liable to be so called out; and every officer or man called out by the directions shall attend at the place and time appointed by the directions, and shall be deemed to be called out for actual military service at and after that time.

(2) The provisions of section twenty of the Act of 1907 (which relates to punishment for failure to attend on embodiment) shall apply to any man who fails to appear at the time and place appointed by directions given under the last foregoing subsection as they apply to a man who fails to appear at the time and place appointed for assembling on embodiment.

(3) Where a Secretary of State has given any directions under subsection (1) of this section, he may at any time thereafter give such directions as he may think fit for terminating the service under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section of officers and men of the Territorial Army called out by the directions under subsection (1) of this section, but without prejudice to the power of the Secretary of State, by further directions given under subsection (1) of this section, to call out for further service any officer or man whose service has been terminated by directions given under this subsection.

(4) If, while an officer or man called out by directions given under subsection (1) of this section is serving under the said paragraph (b), directions are given under section seventeen of the Act of 1907 for embodying the Territorial Army, or the part thereof in which he is serving,—

(a) he shall thereupon be deemed to be embodied and his service under the said paragraph shall cease;

(b) if the proviso to subsection (3) of the last foregoing section applies to him, it shall apply as if for the words

1949

Auxiliary and Reserve

Forces Act, 1949 Ch. 96

2059

from " the period of embodiment " to " section " there were substituted the words "the period of embodiment. "

7.—(1) The power of His Majesty under section six of the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, to apply by Order in Council to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force or to the officers and men of that force any of the enactments relating to the Territorial Army or to the officers and men of that army shall be extended in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) The said power of His Majesty shall have effect in relation to the foregoing provisions of this Act as it has effect in relation to other enactments relating to the Territorial Army or to the officers and men of that army.

(3) The said power of His Majesty, as extended by the last foregoing subsection, shall include power to apply any of the enactments referred to in the last foregoing subsection with such modifications as may be necessary—

(a) to provide for the establishment and constitution of a joint association (that is to say, an association having powers and duties in relation both to the Territorial Army and to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force) for two or more counties;

(b) to provide for the election of two vice-chairmen of any joint association, whether being an association for one or for more than one county;

(c) to provide for any joint association that of the chairman and vice-chairman or vice-chairmen at least one shall be a military member of the association and at least one shall be an air force member of the association; id) to provide, both as to joint associations and as to auxiliary air force associations, that a person may, notwithstanding his not being a member or former member of His Majesty’s air forces, be appointed as an air force member of any such association if specially qualified by his interest in and knowledge of matters relating to aviation; and

(e) to enable the powers and duties transferred and assigned to any joint association or auxiliary air force association to be extended so as to include the undertaking by the association in relation to the air force reserve of any function undertaken by the association in relation to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

In this subsection the expressions "military member" and " air force member " mean respectively a member for whose appointment provision is made by subsection (2) of section two of this Act and by that subsection as applied under the said power of His Majesty.

3X2

Part I —cont.

Application of enactments to Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

2060

Ch. 96

Auxiliary and Reserve

Forces Ac, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I 8. In any enactment relating to the auxiliary air force, for —cont. the expression " auxiliary air force " wherever that expression

Provisions occurs (except where it occurs as part of the expression

consequent on auxiliary air force association " or as part of the short title of

atSSanfair ^e Auxiliary Air Force and Air Force Reserve Act, 1924),

force y there shall be substituted the expression " Royal Auxiliary Air

Force.’*

Part II Naval and Marine Reserves

Special class 9.—(1) There shall be a special class of the Royal Fleet

of Royal Fleet Reserve, which shall consist of such number of men as the Reserve Admiralty may determine, being—

(a) men who, on engaging or re-engaging in the Royal Fleet Reserve or during a term of engagement or re-engage-ment therein, agree in writing to be entered in or transferred to the said class and to undertake the liability for service therein hereinafter specified; or (b) men who, having before the commencement of this Act been entered for non-continuous service in the naval service of His Majesty or enlisted to serve in the royal marine forces, on transfer to the Royal Fleet Reserve or during their service therein pursuant to such transfer agree in writing to be entered in or transferred to the said class and to undertake the liability for service therein hereinafter specified; or

(c) men entered in the said class in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) Any man who,—

(a) having been entered for non-continuous service in the naval service of His Majesty after the commencement of this Act; or

(b) having been enlisted to serve in the royal marine forces after the commencement of this Act, is transferred to the Royal Fleet Reserve shall, if on his transfer he was designated by the competent naval authority as a man to whom this subsection applies, be entered in the said special class of the reserve and shall be liable to serve in that class as hereinafter specified.

(3) The following provisions shall have effect as to the duration of service in the said special class of the Royal Fleet Reserve, that is to say—

(a) a man entered therein or transferred thereto in pursuance of an agreement under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall be liable to serve therein until the end of his term of engagement or re-engagement referred to in that paragraph;

1949 Auxiliary and Reserve Ch. 96

Forces Act, 1949

(6) a man entered in or transferred to the said special class in pursuance of an agreement under paragraph (b) of the said subsection (1) shall be liable to serve therein until the end of his term of service in the Royal Fleet Reserve in pursuance of his transfer to that reserve referred to in the said paragraph (b); and

(c) a man entered in the said special class by virtue of the provisions of the last foregoing subsection shall be liable to serve therein until the expiration of the first twelve months of his service in the Royal Fleet Reserve and shall then be transferred from the said special class to the general body of the reserve:

Provided that if a man to whom paragraph (c) of this subsection applies agrees in writing to continue to serve in the said special class during the residue of the term for which he is transferred to the Royal Fleet Reserve, he shall be liable to serve in that class in accordance with the agreement.

(4) An agreement made for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section or the proviso to the last foregoing subsection may be revoked by three months’ notice in writing.

(5) References in this section to transfer to the Royal Fleet Reserve shall be construed—

(i a)in relation to a man entered for non-continuous service in the naval service of His Majesty, as references to being entered in the Royal Fleet Reserve in pursuance of a liability incurred under the terms of his engagement, in accordance with regulations made by die Admiralty under subsection (1) of section four of the Naval Forces Act, 1903, to serve in the Royal Fleet Reserve after the completion of his term of service in the navy, and

(b) in relation to a man enlisted to serve in the royal marine forces, as references to being entered in the Royal Fleet Reserve in pursuance of a liability incurred under the terms of his engagement, in accordance with an order made by the Admiralty under section one of the Royal Marines Act, 1857 and section two of the Royal Marines Act, 1948, to serve in the Royal Fleet Reserve after the completion of his term of service in the Royal Marines.

10.—(1) Every officer and man of the Royal Naval Reserve (including the Royal Fleet Reserve), the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, the Royal Marine Forces Volunteer Reserve and the Royal Naval Special Reserve shall, during the whole of his service therein, be liable to be called into actual service in the event of actual or apprehended attack on the United Kingdom.

2061

Part II

—com.

Liability of naval and marine reserves to be called into actual service.

2062

Part II —cont.

Supplementary provisions as to calling out of naval and marine reserves.

Ch. 96 Auxiliary and Reserve 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Forces Ac, 1949

(2) Every man of the special class of the Royal Fleet Reserve to be constituted in accordance with the provisions .of the last foregoing section shall, without prejudice to any liability imposed on him by the last foregoing subsection, be liable during the whole of his service in that class of the reserve to be called into actual service at any time when warlike operations are in preparation or in progress outside the United Kingdom:

Provided that a man shall not without his consent in writing be liable to serve in pursuance of this subsection for a period or periods exceeding twelve months in all.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, the provisions of any other enactment under which officers or men of any of the reserves mentioned in this section are liable to be called into actual service.

11.—(1) It shall be lawful for the Admiralty, at any time when it appears to them that the occasion so requires, to give, and when given to revoke or vary, such directions as they may think fit for calling out any officer or man who by virtue of the last foregoing section is liable to be called into actual service; and every officer and man called out by the directions shall attend at the time and place appointed by the directions, and shall be deemed to be called into actual service at and after that time.

(2) Where the Admiralty have given any directions under the last foregoing subsection, they may at any time thereafter give such directions as they may think fit for terminating the service under the last foregoing section of officers or men called out by the directions under the last foregoing subsection, but without prejudice to the power of the Admiralty by further directions given under the last foregoing subsection to call out for further service any officer or man whose service has been terminated by directions given under this subsection.

(3) Any power of calling out officers or men under the last foregoing section may be exercised without any such communication to Parliament, declaration in Council or proclamation as is mentioned in section four of the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859 (which relates to the calling into actual service of the Royal Naval Reserve); but any exercise of the power of calling men into actual service under subsection (2) of the last foregoing section shall be reported to Parliament as soon as may be.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, the provisions of the said Act of 1859 in their application to the Royal Naval Reserve (including the Royal Fleet Reserve), and the said provisions so far as they are applied—

(a) to the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve by subsection (2) of section one of the Naval Forces Act, 1903,

1949 Auxiliary and Reserve Ch. 96

Forces Ac, 1949

(b) to the Royal Marine Forces Volunteer Reserve by the said subsection (2) and by subsection (2) of section one of the Royal Marines Act, 1948, and

(c) to the Royal Naval Special Reserve by subsection (2) of

section twenty-six of the National Service Act, 1948, or by that subsection and any Order in Council made under subsection (1) of the said section twenty-six,

shall have effect in relation to officers and men called into actual service under the last foregoing section as they have effect in relation to men of the said reserves called into actual service under section four of the said Act of 1859, or under that section as applied as aforesaid.

Part III

Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve

12,—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect in substitution for the provisions of the Reserve Forces and Militia Act, 1898, section thirty-two of the Act of 1907 and the Reserve Forces Act, 1937 (which authorise the calling out on permanent service of certain men of the army reserve, including the militia).

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, men of the army reserve may be called out on permanent service in the following cases and subject to the following conditions, that is to say: — (i a)any such man (whether he entered the reserve on transfer or re-engagement or on being enlisted or on being deemed to be enlisted) shall during the whole of his service therein be liable to be so called out for home defence service;

(b) any man who has been transferred to the first class of

the army reserve shall, if on his transfer he was designated by the competent military authority as a man to whom this paragraph applies, be liable to be so called out for overseas service at any time during the first year of his service therein;

(c) without prejudice to the provisions of the last fore-

going paragraph, any man of the army reserve, whether he entered the reserve on transfer or re-engagement or on being enlisted or on being deemed to be enlisted, shall, if he has entered into an agreement in writing to be so liable at the time in question, be liable at any time during his service in the army reserve to be so called out for overseas service:

Provided that a man shall not without his consent in writing be liable to serve under paragraph ( ) or (c) of this subsection

2063

Part II —cont.

Calling out of army reserve (including militia).

2064

Ch. 96

Auxiliary and Reserve 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Forces Act, 1949

Part m for a period which, together with any previous period for which

—cont. he was called out under either of those paragraphs, exceeds

twelve months.

(3) A man called out on permanent service under any paragraph of the last foregoing subsection may, while on permanent service, be employed in any service for which, if not previously called out, he could have been called out under that subsection; and if, while having been called out under the last foregoing subsection, any man is on permanent service when the army reserve is called out in pursuance of a proclamation under section twelve of the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, he shall thereafter be deemed to have been called out in pursuance of the proclamation and his service under the last foregoing subsection shall cease.

(4) An agreement made for the purposes of paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of this section may be revoked by three months' notice in writing.

(5) The number of the men liable to be called out by virtue of agreements made for the purposes of paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of this section, being either men of the militia or other men—

(a) deemed to be enlisted in the army reserve for part-time

service under the National Service Act, 1948, or

(b) enlisted in the army reserve (whether in pursuance of

section two of that Act or otherwise) for service in lieu of part-time service under that Act,

shall not at any one time exceed fifteen thousand.

(6) The aggregate number of the men for the time being designated under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section and men (other than such as are mentioned in the last foregoing subsection) for the time being liable to be called out by virtue of agreements made for the purposes of paragraph (c) thereof shall not exceed thirty thousand.

(7) The number of men for the time being called out under any of the foregoing provisions of this section shall not be reckoned in the number of forces authorised by the Army Act for the time being in force. 8

(8) Nothing in this section or in any repeal effected by this

Act (other than the repeal of any enactment contained in Part I

or Part II of the Act of 1907)—

(a) shall apply to a man who was a man of the army

reserve at the commencement of this Act, unless and

until he re-engages or enlists therein after the commencement of this Act;

1949 Auxiliary and Reserve Ch. 96

Forces Act, 1949.

(b) in the case of a man who. being a soldier of the regular forces at the commencement of this Act, has thereafter transferred to the first class of the army reserve, shall apply to him during his service therein as a man so transferred.

(9) In this section the expression "home defence service" means service at any place in the United Kingdom in defence of the United Kingdom against actual or apprehended attack, and the expression " overseas service" means service when the men in question are required for service outside the United Kingdom when warlike operations are in preparation or in progress.

13, —(1) It shall be lawful for a Secretary of State, at any time when it appears to him that the occasion so requires, to give, and when given to revoke or vary, such directions as he may think fit for calling out on permanent service in accordance with the provisions of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section any man who by virtue of those provisions is liable to be so called out; and every man called out by the directions shall attend at the place and time appointed by the directions, and shall be deemed to be called out on permanent service at and after that time.

(2) Where a Secretary of State has given any directions under the last foregoing subsection, he may at any time thereafter give such directions as he may think fit for terminating the service under subsection (2) of tile last foregoing section of men called out by the directions under the last foregoing subsection, but without prejudice to the power of the Secretary of State by further directions given under the last foregoing subsection to call out for further service any man whose service has been terminated by directions given under this subsection.

(3) Any power of calling out men under the last foregoing section may be exercised without such proclamation or communication to Parliament as is mentioned in section twelve of the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, and the calling out of men under the last foregoing section shall not involve the meeting of Parliament as required by section thirteen of that Act; but any exercise of the power of calling out men under paragraphs (6) and (c) of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section shall be reported to Parliament as soon as may be.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, men called out under paragraph ( ) of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section shall be deemed to be called out under the Reserve Forces Act, 1882. 14

14. The power of His Majesty under section six of the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, to apply by Order in Council to the air force reserve or to the officers and men of that reserve

3 x*

2065

Part III

—corn.

Supplementary provisions as to calling out under s. 12.

Application of enactments to air force reserve.

2066

Part III

—com

Amendment of 24 Geo. 5. c. 5.

Supplementary

and

consequential provisions, and repeals.

Interpretation.

Ch. 96 Auxiliary and Reserve 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Forces Ac, 1949

any of the enactments relating to the army reserve or to the officers and men of that reserve shall have effect in relation to the provisions of this Part of this Act as it has effect in relation to other enactments so relating as aforesaid.

15. Section one of the Air Force Reserve (Pilots and Observers) Act, 1934 (which relates to the annual training of pilots and observers of the air force reserve) shall have effect as if, in subsection (2) thereof, after the word "section " there were inserted the words "the expression ‘ observer includes navigator."

Part IV Supplementary

16. —(i) Section four of the Auxiliary Air Force and Air Force Reserve Act, 1924 (which authorises an Order in Council under the foregoing provisions of that Act to contain supplemental and consequential provisions) shall have effect as if the reference therein to the foregoing provisions of that Act included a reference to the foregoing provisions of this Act.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

17. —(1) References in this Act to the United Kingdom shall be construed as including the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.

(2) For the purposes of any provision of this Act relating to service in the United Kingdom, service on any flight of which the points of departure and intended return are within the boundaries of the United Kingdom or of the territorial waters thereof shall be deemed to be service within the United Kingdom notwithstanding that the flight may in its course extend beyond those boundaries.

(3) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" Act of 1907 " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

" competent military authority" means the Army Council or an officer designated by the Army Council; and " competent naval authority" means the Admiralty or an officer designated by the Admiralty.

(4) This Act shall apply to women as it applies to men.

1949 Auxiliary and Reserve Ch. 96

Forces Act, 1949

(5) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any subsequent enactment including this Act.

18.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Auxiliary and Reserve Short title Forces Act, 1949. and citation.

(2) The Act of 1907, the Territorial Army and Militia Act,

1921, and this Act, in so far as they apply to the Territorial Army, may be cited together as the Territorial Army Acts, 1907 to 1949.

(3) The Reserve Forces Acts, 1882 to 1907, and the Territorial Army and Militia Act, 1921, and this Act in so far as the two last-mentioned Acts apply to the army reserve (including the militia), may be cited together as the Reserve Forces Acts, 1882 to 1949.

2067

Part IV

—cont.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Section 16.

Amendment of Enactments

Enactment to be amended The Army Act.

Section one hundred and seventy-six.

The Air Force Act. Section one hundred and seventy-six.

The Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907.

Section seven.

Section forty.

Amendment

In paragraph (6a), at the end of sub-paragraph (d) there shall be added the words 44 or by virtue of section five of the Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949 ".

In paragraph (6a), at the end of sub-paragraph (d) there shall be inserted the words "or by virtue of section five of the Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949, as applied to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force ".

In subsection (4), after the words 44 shall not", and in subsection (6) after the words 44 of another arm ", there shall be inserted the words 44 except so far as is authorised by subsection (3) of section five of the Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949, and subject to the provisions of that subsection".

In subsection (1), for paragraph ( ) there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

44 (b) the expression 4 county borough council means the town council of a large burgh as defined by the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947."

The National Service Act, In section twenty-five, after the words 44 air 1948. force reserve " there shall be inserted the

words 44 the territorial army ".

3 X. 2

2068

Ch. 96

Section 16.

Auxiliary and Reserve 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Forces Act, 1949

SECOND SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

The Army Act In section eighty-eight, in subsection (4), the words "by a proclamation of His Majesty’*; in section one hundred and ninety, in paragraph (15), the words from " and where a corps " to the end of the paragraph.

61 & 62 Vict. The Reserve Forces The whole Act, so far as still in

c. 9. and Militia Act, 1898. force.

7 Edw. 7. c. 9. The Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907. The Air Force Act In section one, in subsection (3), paragraph (d), and in paragraph (/) the words from "including*' to the end of the paragraph; in section two the proviso to paragraph (/), and paragraph 0*), of subsection (2); in section nine, proviso (a) to subsection (1); and section thirty-two. In section eighty-eight, in subsection (4), the words "by a proclamation of His Majesty *'.

1 Edw. 8 and 1 Geo. 6. c. 17. The Reserve Forces Act, 1937. The whole Act

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act.

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Royal Marines Act, 1857

Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859

Reserve Forces Act, 1882

Reserve Forces and Militia Act, 1898

Naval Forces Act, 1903...

Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917

Territorial Army and Militia Act, 1921

Auxiliary Air Force and Air Force Reserve Act,

20 Vict. c. 1.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 48.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 9.

3 Edw. 7. c. 6.

7 Edw. 7. c. 9.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 51.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 37.

1924

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 15.

Air Force Reserve (Pilots and Observers) Act,

1934

Reserve Forces Act, 1937

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Royal Marines Act, 1948

National Service Act, 1948

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 5.

I Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 17.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

II & 12 Geo. 6. c. 25.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 64.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2069

CHAPTER 97

National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Part I

The National Parks Commission

Section

1. The National Parks Commission.

2. Constitution of Commission.

3. Power of Minister to give directions to Commission.

4. Annual Report of Commission.

Part II National Parks

5. National Parks.

6. General duties of Commission in relation to National Parks.

7. Designation and variation of National Parks.

8. Arrangements for administration of functions of local planning

authorities as respects National Parks.

9. Development plans relating to National Parks.

10. Duty of local planning authority to formulate, and carry out,

proposals for the purposes of s. 5 (1).

11. General powers of local planning authorities in relation to National

Parks.

12. Provision of accommodation, meals, refreshments, camping sites

and parking places.

13. Improvement of waterways for purposes of open-air recreation.

14. Acquisition by Minister of land in National Parks.

Part III Nature Conservation

15. Meaning of " nature reserve ".

16. Agreements with Nature Conservancy for establishment of nature

reserves.

17. Compulsory acquisition of land by Conservancy for establishment

of nature reserves.

18. Compulsory acquisition of land by Conservancy for maintenance

of nature reserves.

19. Declarations that areas are' nature reserves.

20. Byelaws for protection of nature reserves.

21. Establishment of nature reserves by local authorities.

22. Power of drainage authorities to do work in nature reserves.

23. Duty of Conservancy to inform local planning authorities of areas

of special scientific interest

24. Annual report of Nature Conservancy.

25. Supplementary provisions as to powers of Conservancy

26. Application of Part m to Scotland.

Part IV Public Rights of Way Ascertainment of footpaths, bridleways and certain other highways

27. Surveys of public paths, etc., and preparation of draft maps and

statements.

28. Provision of information by other local authorities.

29. Representations and objections as to draft maps and statements.

2070

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Section

30. Preparation of provisional maps and statements.

31. Determination by quarter sessions of disputes as to provisional

maps and statements.

32. Preparation, publication and effect of definitive maps and state-

ments.

33. Periodical revision of maps and statements.

34. Supplementary provisions as to revision of maps and statements.

35. Application of ss. 27 to 34 to particular areas.

36. Exercise of functions as to surveys, etc., by joint planning boards.

37. Power of Minister to expedite preparation of maps and statements.

38. Supplementary provisions as to maps and statements.

Creation of new public rights of way

39. Creation of rights of way by agreement.

40. Compulsory powers for creation of public rights of way.

41. Exercise by other authorities of powers under ss. 39 and 40.

Diversion and Closure of Public Paths

42. Diversion of public paths.

43. Closure of public paths.

44. Exercise of powers of making diversion and extinguishment orders.

45. Supplementary provisions as to diversion and extinguishment

orders.

Compensation provisions

46. Compensation for creation, diversion and closure of public paths.

Liability for Repair of Public Paths

47. Liability for repair of public paths.

48. Making up of public paths.

49. Acceptance of new paths created by dedication.

50. Private street works.

Long-Distance Routes

51. General provisions as to long-distance routes.

52. Approval of proposals relating to a long-distance route.

53. Ferries for purposes of long-distance routes.

54. Accommodation, meals and refreshments along long-distance

routes.

55. Variation of approved proposals.

Minor Amendments of Law relating to Rights of Way

56. Rights of way subject to conditions for securing efficient use of

agricultural land.

57. Penalty for displaying on footpaths notices deterring public use.

58. Amendment of 22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 45, s. 1.

Part V

Access to Open Country

59. Provision for public access to open country.

60. Rights of public where access agreement or order in force.

61. General survey of access requirements of local planning authority

areas.

62. Proceedings consequent on review under last foregoing section.

63. Notification to Minister of action taken for securing public access.

64. Access agreements.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2071

Section

65. Access orders.

66. Effect of access agreement or order on rights and liabilities of

owners.

67. Provision of means of access.

68. Power of local planning authority to enforce access.

69. Suspension of public access to avoid exceptional risk of fire.

70. Compensation for access orders.

71. Compensation to be assessed with regard to effect of first five

years of access.

72. Claims for compensation and interest.

73. Payments on account in cases of special hardship.

74. Application to waterways in National Parks.

75. Exercise of powers under s. 13 as respects open country and water-

ways comprised in access orders.

76. Acquisition by local authorities of land for public access.

77. Acquisition by Ministers of land for public access.

78. Maps of land subject to public access.

79. Provisions as to woodlands.

80. Provisions as to danger areas.

81. Boundary notices.

82. Power of local planning authority to contribute to work carried out

by other persons.

83. Repeal of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 30.

Part VI

General, Financial and Supplementary Protection for Agriculture and Forestry

84. Duty of authorities as respects agriculture and forestry.

General powers and duties of Commission

85. General duty of Commission to advise on questions relating to

natural beauty.

86. Information services to be provided by Commission.

Areas of outstanding natural beauty

87. Designation of areas of outstanding natural beauty.

88. Application to areas of outstanding natural beauty of provisions

relating to National Parks.

General Powers of Local Planning Authorities

89. Planting of trees and treatment of derelict land.

90. Local authority byelaws.

91. Default powers of Secretary of State as to certain byelaws.

92. Wardens.

93. Restriction of traffic on certain roads.

94. Supplementary provisions as to orders under s. 93.

Financial Provisions

95. Expenses of Commission.

96. Expenses and accounts of Nature Conservancy.

97. Exchequer grants for National Parks and areas of outstanding

natural beauty.

98. Power of Minister to defray expenditure on long-distance routes.

99. Contributions by local authorities.

100. Payments out of moneys provided by Parliament.

2072

Ch. 97

The National Parks Commission.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Supplementary Provisions Section

101. Crown land.

102. Power to authorise other local authorities to act in place of

local planning authority.

103. General provisions as to acquisition of land.

104. General provisions as to appropriation and disposal of land.

105. Default powers of Minister as respects National Parks, areas of

outstanding natural beauty and long-distance routes.

106. Supplementary provisions as to byelaws.

107. Supplementary provisions as to compensation under ss. 20, 46 and

70.

108. Powers of entry.

109. Application of provisions of Act of 1947 as to inquiries and service

of notices.

110. Regulations and orders.

111. Application to Isles of Scilly.

112. Epping Forest and Burnham Beeches.

113. National Trust land.

114. Interpretation.

115. Short title and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Provisions as to making, confirmation, coming into operation and validity of certain instruments.

Second Schedule.—General restrictions to be observed by per- • sons having access to open country or waterways by virtue of Part V of Act

An Act to make provision for National Parks and the establishment of a National Parks Commission; to confer on the Nature Conservancy and local authorities powers for the establishment and maintenance of nature reserves; to make further provision for the recording, creation, maintenance and improvement of public paths and for securing access to open country, and to amend the law relating to rights of way; to confer further powers for preserving and enhancing natural beauty; and for matters connected with the purposes aforesaid.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

The National Parks Commission

1. There shall be a National Parks Commission which shall be charged with the duty of exercising the functions conferred on them by the following provisions of this Act—

(a) for the preservation and enhancement of natural beauty in England and Wales, and particularly in the areas designated under this Act as National Parks or as areas of outstanding natural beauty;

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97 2073

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(6) for encouraging the provision or improvement, for persons Part I

resorting to National Parks, of facilities for the enjoy-ment thereof and for the enjoyment of the opportunities for open-air recreation and the study of nature afforded thereby,

and of exercising such other functions as are conferred on the Commission by this Act

2.—(1) The National Parks Commission (hereinafter referred Constitution to as "the Commission") shall be a body corporate by that°.f name with a common seal, and shall consist of a chairman and slon* such number of other members as the Minister may determine, of whom one may be appointed to be deputy chairman.

(2) The members of the Commission shall be appointed by the Minister and shall hold and vacate office in accordance with such terms as may be prescribed by or under regulations made by the Minister and, on vacating office, shall be eligible for re-appointment.

(3) The Minister may pay to the chairman and deputy chairman of the Commission such remuneration (whether by way of salary or by way of fees), and to any of the members of the Commission such reasonable allowances in respect of—

(a) expenses properly incurred in the performance of their

duties,

(b) loss of remunerative time, or

(c) additional expenses (other than as aforesaid) necessarily

incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform their duties, being expenses to which they would not otherwise have been subject,

as the Minister may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

(4) The Commission may, with the approval of the Minister, appoint a secretary to the Commission, and may appoint such number of other officers and of servants as the Minister may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

(5) The functions of the Commission, and of their officers and servants, shall be exercised on behalf of the Crown.

(6) The procedure (including the quorum) of the Commission shall be such as they may determine.

(7) The validity of any proceeding of the Commission shall not be affected by any vacancy among the members thereof or by any defect in the appointment of a member thereof.

(8) A member of the Commission, other than the chairman or deputy chairman, shall not by reason of his membership be rendered incapable of being elected, or of silting and voting as, a member of the House of Commons.

2074

Part!

—cont. Power of Minister to give directions to

Commission.

Annual Report of

Commission.

National

Parks.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

3. —(1) The Minister may give to the Commission such directions of a general character as appear to him expedient in relation to the exercise of their functions, and the Commission shall comply with directions given under this section.

(2) As soon as may be after giving a direction under this section the Minister shall, unless in his opinion it is against the interests of national security so to do, cause a notice setting out the direction to be published in such manner as appears to him to be requisite for informing persons and bodies of persons concerned.

4. —(1) The Commission shall, as soon as possible after the thirtieth day of September in each year, make to the Minister a report on the discharge by diem of their functions under this Act during the period of twelve months ending with that day.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of this section, but subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, the report of the Commission for any period shall include a record of all questions with which the Commission have been concerned during that period and which appear to the Commission to be of general public interest, indicating the purport of any representations or recommendations made by the Commission with respect thereto, and the conclusions (if any) reached thereon.

(3) The report of the Commission for any period shall set out any direction given by the Minister during that period under the last foregoing section unless the Minister has notified to the Commission his opinion that it is against the interests of national security so to do.

(4) The Minister shall lay a copy of every report of the Commission under this section before each Hguse of Parliament

Part II National Parks

5. —(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect for the purpose of preserving and enhancing the natural beauty of the areas specified in the next following subsection, and for the purpose of promoting their enjoyment by the public.

(2) The said areas are those extensive tracts of country in England and Wales as to which it appears to the Commission that by reason of—

(a) their natural beauty, and

(b) the opportunities they afford for open-air recreation, having regard both to their character and to their position in relation to centres of population,

it is especially desirable that the necessary measures shall be taken for the purposes mentioned in the last foregoing subsection.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2075

(3) The said areas, as for the time being designated by order Part II made by the Commission and submitted to and confirmed by —cont. the Minister, shall be known as, and are hereinafter referred to as. National Parks.

6.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Commission as soon as General may be after the commencement of this Act, and thereafter from duties of time to time, to consider what areas there are in England and Commission Wales falling within subsection (2) of the last foregoing section, National^1° to determine in what order they should be designated under Parks, subsection (3) of that section, and to proceed with their designation at such times as the Commission may determine.

(2) The power of the Minister to give directions under section three of this Act shall extend to the giving of directions as to the order and time of designation of the said areas, notwithstanding that the directions may be of a specific character.

(3) As respects areas designated as National Parks, it shall be the duty of the Commission—

(a) to consider, generally and in relation to particular

National Parks, in what way action needs to be taken under this Act and the Act of 1947 for the purposes specified in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, and to make such recommendations with respect thereto to the Minister and to local authorities as may appear to the Commission to be necessary or expedient, and

(b) to keep under review the progress made from time to time in accomplishing the said purposes and to make to the Minister or, where the Commission deem it appropriate, to any other Minister or any local authority or other persons, such representations as appear to the Commission to be necessary or expedient as to any matter affecting the accomplishment of those purposes.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection, it shall be the duty of the Commission, subject to and in accordance with the following provisions of this Act in that behalf,—

(a) as respects any area designated as a National Park, to

give advice to the appropriate planning authorities as to the arrangements to be made for administering the area as a National Park;

(b) where it appears to the Commission, as respects any particular National Park or part thereof, that the preservation or enhancement of the natural beauty thereof presents special problems or requires special professional or technical skill, to notify their opinion to the appropriate planning authorities and, on the application of any such authority in any case where it

2076

Ch. 97

Part II

—cont.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

appears to the Commission expedient for the purposes specified in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, to place the services of officers of the Commission at the disposal of the authority, for such period as may be agreed between the Commission and the authority and on such terms as to payment or otherwise as may be so agreed with the approval of the Minister;

(c) to assist such authorities in formulating proposals as

to the exercise by such authorities of their powers under this Act for securing the provision of accommodation, access for open-air recreation and other facilities for persons visiting National Parks and otherwise as to the exercise of their powers under this Act as respects National Parks, and to consult with such authorities with respect to the recommendations to be made by the Commission as to the payment of grants by the Minister under this Act;

(d) to make to such authorities, as respects the exercise in relation to National Parks of the powers hereinafter conferred on them to make byelaws, recommendations as to the matters in respect of which such byelaws should be made, either generally or in the case of any particular Park;

(e) to give advice where any Minister consults the Com-

mission as to proposals for development of land in a National Park, or the appropriate planning authority consult them (whether in compliance with a requirement imposed under this Act or the Act of 1947 or otherwise) in connection with the preparation or amendment of a development plan or in connection with an application for permission to develop any such land;

(/) to make recommendations to the Minister and, where the Commission deem it appropriate, to other Ministers as to any proposals for the development of land in a National Park, being proposals for development in a way which appears to the Commission to be inconsistent with the maintenance of the area as a Park;

(#) to notify to the Minister, or where the Commission deem it appropriate to other Ministers, the general nature of the action which will in the opinion of the Commission need to be taken as respects land in a National Park for any of the purposes specified in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, in cases where it appears to the Commission that the Minister in question should be informed thereof before considering future proposals for the development of the land for other purposes; and

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2077

(h) if in any case the Commission are not satisfied that effect will be given to their recommendations or advice as to any matter mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection, to refer the matter to the Minister and to advise the Minister as to the exercise of any powers of direction or enforcement (including powers of making orders) conferred on him by this Act or the Act of 1947.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as modifying the effect of any provision of this Act whereby any specific power or duty is conferred or imposed on the Commission or whereby an obligation is imposed on any other person to consult with the Commission.

(6) In this section the expression "appropriate planning authority" means a local planning authority whose area consists of or includes the whole or any part of a National Park, and includes a local authority, not being a local planning authority, by whom any powers of a local planning authority as respects a National Park are exercisable, whether under the following provisions of this Act in that behalf or otherwise; and references in this section to a Minister include references to any Board in charge of a Government department.

7,—(1) Before making an order designating a National Park the Commission shall consult with every joint planning board, county council, county borough council and county district council whose area includes any land in the area to be designated a Park.

(2) Any such order shall describe the area to be designated a Park by reference to a map and such other descriptive matter as may appear to the Commission to be requisite.

(3) The provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the making, confirmation, coming into operation and validity of any order designating a National Park.

(4) The Minister may by order made after consultation with the Commission vary an order designating a National Park.

(5) Before making an order under the last foregoing subsection the Minister shall consult with every such board and council as aforesaid whose area, or any part of whose area, is comprised in the National Park, whether as existing or as proposed to be varied; and the provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to any order under the last foregoing subsection.

(6) It shall be the duty of the Commission to secure that copies of any order such as is mentioned in this section shall be available, at the office of the Commission, at the offices of each joint

Part II —-cont.

Designation and variation of National Parks.

2078

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part II planning board and local authority specified in subsection (1) or —cont. subsection (5) of this section, as the case may be, and at such other place or places in or near the Park in question as the Commission may determine, for inspection by the public at all reasonable times.

Arrangements 8.—(1) Not later than three months after the coming into

for administra- operation of an order designating a National Park, every local

functions of planning authority whose area includes any land comprised in

local planning the Park shall consult with the Commission on the arrangements

authorities as to be made for carrying out, in relation to the Park, the following

respects provisions of this section.

National

P^ks. (2) Where a National Park lies partly within the area of one

local planning authority and as to the rest within the area of one or more other such authorities, there shall be a joint planning board constituted under section four of the Act of 1947 for a united district consisting of the area of the Park:

Provided that where, on the representation of any of the said authorities, the Minister is satisfied after consultation with (he Commission that by reason of any special circumstances it is expedient so to do for securing efficient administration in the Park, he may direct that as respects all or any of the authorities the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not have effect unless and until the direction is revoked.

(3) Where a National Park lies wholly within the area of one local planning authority, or while a direction under the proviso to the last foregoing subsection is in force as respects any such authority, there shall be a separate planning committee, or separate sub-committee of a planning committee, appointed under Part II of the First Schedule to the Act of 1947 for so much of the area of the authority as is comprised in the Park, and there shall be delegated to the committee or sub-committee such of the authority’s functions under the Act of 1947 and this Act (other than powers to borrow money or to levy or issue a precept for a rate) as may be agreed between the authority and the Commission, or as in default of agreement the Minister may determine.

(4) In relation to local planning authorities whose areas include land in a National Park, the purposes for which under Part III of the First Schedule to the Act of 1947 a joint advisory committee may be established by local planning authorities or the Minister shall include the purpose of advising as to the exercise of all functions under the Act of 1947 and this Act as respects the Park; and where a direction under the proviso to subsection (2) of this section is for the time being in force as respects any authority, there shall be a joint advisory committee established as aforesaid for the purpose of advising that

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2079

authority and all other local planning authorities whose areas include land in the Park as to the exercise of their said functions as respects the Park, or for that purpose and any other purposes for which such a committee can be so established.

(5) Where the foregoing provisions of this section require the establishment of a joint board, or a planning committee or sub-committee, for any area being or comprised in a National Park, the requirement shall be deemed to be complied with, in any case where the Minister after consultation with the Commission approves, if the board, committee or sub-committee is established for that area together with other land; and where under the said provisions a local planning authority is required to establish a separate planning committee or sub-committee for each of two or more such areas, the same committee or subcommittee may be established for both or all the areas.

(6) Not less than one third of the members of—

(a) a joint board or joint advisory committee constituted

for an area being or including the whole or any part of a National Park, or

(b) a planning committee, or sub-committee of a planning

committee, for such an area, where no joint board is constituted for the area, shall be persons appointed in accordance with the following provisions: —

(i) in the case of a joint board or joint advisory committee, the said persons shall be appointed by the constituent authorities jointly;

(ii> in the case of a planning committee or subcommittee of a planning committee, the said persons shall be appointed by the local planning authority;

(iii) in any case the persons appointed shall be persons nominated by the Minister, after consultation with the Commission;

(iv) the persons appointed in pursuance of this subsection shall hold office for such period, not being less than one year nor more than three years, as the persons appointing them may determine, and, if again nominated by the Minister, shall be eligible for re-appointment:

Provided that if in any particular case the Minister, with the agreement of the Commission, so determines, this subsection shall have effect as if for the words "one third" there were substituted the words "one quarter."

(7) Notwithstanding anything in section four of the Act of 1947, an order under that section constituting an area, being or including the whole or any part of a National Park, a united district for the purposes of the Act of 1947 may be made without holding a local inquiry.

Part n

—corn.

2080

Ch. 97

Part n —cont.

Development plans relating to National Parks.

Duty of local

planning

authority to formulate, and carry out, proposals for the purposes of s. 5 (1).

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

9. —(1) In preparing a development plan, or proposals for any alterations of or additions to a development plan, for any area being or including the whole or any part of a National Park, the local planning authority shall consult with the Commission and take into consideration any observations made by the Commission.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations under the Act of 1947 for enabling proceedings preliminary to the confirmation of orders designating a National Park and to the making of orders varying such orders to be taken concurrently with proceedings required under that Act to be taken in connection with the submission, making or amendment of development plans.

10. —(1) As soon as may be after the coming into operation

of the order designating a National Park, every local planning

authority whose area consists of or includes the whole or any

part of the Park shall formulate and notify to the Commission

die authority’s general proposals as to the action needed for the

accomplishment, in relation to their area or so much thereof as

is comprised in the Park, of the purposes specified in subsection

(1) of section five of this Act.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, every such authority shall—

(a) not later than twelve months after the coming into

operation of the order designating the National Park, formulate and notify to the Commission proposals as to what action needed as aforesaid should be taken in the period between the notification of the proposals and the end of the next following financial year of the authority; and

(b) not later than such date as the Commission may deter-

mine in the said next following financial year and in each following financial year of the authority, formulate and notify to the Commission proposals as to what action needed as aforesaid should be taken in the financial year of the authority next following the notification of the proposals:

Provided that the obligation to formulate and notify proposals under paragraph (b) of this subsection may at any time by agreement between the Commission and the local planning authority either be suspended or be modified by the substitution for a financial year of the authority of such longer period as may be provided by the agreement.

(3) Proposals under either of the two last foregoing subsections shall specify how far, in the opinion of the authority, the action falls to be taken by them and how far by other authorities or persons.

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(4) If on the notification to them of any proposals under this section the Commission make any recommendations under section six of this Act—

(a) the local planning authority shall in the light of the

recommendations reconsider the proposals and make any amendment thereof (whether by way of addition or modification) appearing to them requisite;

(b) if on such reconsideration it does not appear to the

authority requisite to give effect to any such recommendation of the Commission, the authority shall consult with the Commission.

(5) It shall be the duty of every such authority as aforesaid so far as appears to them practicable to exercise their powers under the Act of 1947 and this Act for giving effect to proposals notified to the Commission under the foregoing provisions of this section, or to such proposals as amended in accordance with the last foregoing subsection.

(6) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be construed as requiring that proposals shall have been formulated and notified under those provisions before any power of a local planning authority is exercised, or as otherwise limiting the exercise of any such power.

11.—(1) A local planning authority whose area consists of or includes the whole or any part of a National Park shall have power, subject to the provisions of this section, to take all such action as appears to them expedient for the accomplishment of the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section five of this Act in relation to their area or so much thereof as is comprised in the Park.

(2) Nothing in the following provisions of this Act shall be construed as limiting the generality of the last foregoing subsection; but in so far as those provisions confer specific powers falling within that subsection those powers shall be exercised in accordance with the said provisions and subject to any limitations expressed or implied therein.

(3) The powers conferred on a local planning authority by subsection (1) of this section shall not include any power conferred on that or any other authority by or under any other Act; but nothing in this subsection shall be construed as limiting the exercise of any specific power conferred by the following provisions of this Act.

(4) Without prejudice to the powers hereinafter conferred, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect only for the purpose of removing any limitation imposed by law on the capacity of a local planning authority by virtue of its constitution, and shall not authorise any act or omission on the part of such an

2081

Part II —coni.

General powers of local

planning

authorities in relation to National Parks.

• 2082

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part II authority which apart from that subsection would be actionable —cont. at the suit of any person on any ground other than such a limitation.

Provision of accommodation, meals, refreshments, camping sites and parking places.

Improvement of waterways for purposes of open-air recreation.

12. —(1) A local planning authority whose area consists of or includes the whole or any part of a National Park may make arrangements for securing the provision in their area (whether by the authority or by other persons)—

(a) of accommodation, meals and refreshments (including

intoxicating liquor);

(b) of camping sites; and

(c) of parking places and means of access thereto and

egress therefrom,

and may for the purposes of such arrangements erect such buildings and carry out such work as may appear to them to be necessary or expedient:

Provided that a local planning authority shall not under this section provide accommodation, meals or refreshments except in so far as it appears to them that the facilities therefor are inadequate or unsatisfactory, either generally or as respects any description of accommodation, meals or refreshments, as the case may be.

(2) The functions of a local planning authority under the last foregoing subsection shall be exercisable either on land in the Park or on land in the neighbourhood thereof; and where the local planning authority is a joint planning board, land in the neighbourhood of the Park which is in the area of any of the constituent authorities shall be treated for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection as in the area of the joint planning board, whether or not it is in that area.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not authorise an authority, on land in which any other person has an interest, without his consent to do anything which apart from this section would be actionable at his suit by virtue of that interest.

(4) A local planning authority may acquire land compulsorily for the purpose of any of their functions under this section. 13

13. —(i) a local planning authority whose area consists of or includes the whole or any part of a National Park may, as respects any waterway in the Park and within the area of the authority, carry out such work and do such other things as may appear to them necessary or expedient for facilitating the use of the waterway by the public tor sailing, boating, bathing or fishing:

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2083

Provided that a local planning authority shall not under this section provide facilities of any description except in cases where it appears to them that the facilities of that description are inadequate or unsatisfactory.

(2) A local planning authority may, as respects any waterway in their area, enter into an agreement, on such terms as to payment or otherwise as may be specified in the agreement, with any other authority on whom powers of carrying out work are conferred in relation to the waterway by or under any enactment, for the exercise by the said other authority of any power of doing work conferred on the local planning authority by the last foregoing subsection.

(3) Where an agreement is made under the last foregoing subsection for the exercise of any power by any such authority, other than a local planning authority, as is therein mentioned, no limitation imposed by law on the capacity of that authority by virtue of the constitution thereof shall operate so as to prevent the authority from exercising that power.

(4) Where it appears to the Minister, as respects a waterway in the area of a local planning authority, that any power of doing work conferred on the authority by subsection (1) of this section should be exercised by any such other authority as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, and the local planning authority have not entered into an agreement with the said other authority under the said subsection (2), the Minister may direct that the said power shall be exercisable by the said other authority:

Provided that no direction shall be given under this subsection except after consultation with the local planning authority and the said other authority.

(5) Before exercising any power conferred by or under this section an authority shall consult with such other authorities, being authorities which under any enactment have functions relating to the waterway in question, as the Minister may either generally or in any particular case direct.

(6) Where any authority consulted under the last foregoing subsection objects to a proposed exercise of powers under this section, and the objection is not withdrawn, the proposal shall not be proceeded with unless on an application in that behalf specifying the proposal and the objection the Minister so directs, and subject to any conditions or modifications specified in the direction; and before giving a direction under this subsection the Minister shall afford to each of the authorities an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose, and shall consider that person’s report.

(7) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not authorise an authority to do anything on land, or as respects water over

Part 11 —cont.

2084

Part 11

—COM

Acquisition by Minister of land in

National Parks.

Meaning of " nature reserve."

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

land, in which any other person has an interest, if apart from this section the doing thereof would be actionable at his suit by virtue of that interest and he does not consent to the doing thereof:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in the case of land to which, or to water over which, the public have access by virtue of an access order under Part V of this Act, but the exercise of any power under the foregoing provisions of this section as respects such land shall be subject to the provisions in that behalf of the said Part V.

(8) A local planning authority may acquire land compulsorily for the purpose of enabling any power conferred by or under this section to be exercised.

14.—(1) Where, as respects any land in a National Park, the Minister is satisfied that it is expedient so to do, he may with the consent of the Treasury acquire the land by agreement, whether by way of purchase, lease or exchange.

(2) Unless in any particular case the Minister otherwise determines, any land acquired by the Minister under this section shall be transferred to such other persons on such trusts or subject to such conditions as may appear to him expedient for securing that the land will be managed in a suitable manner for accomplishing the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section five of this Act.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, the transfer of land under that subsection may be on such terms as to payment or otherwise as may, with the consent of the Treasury, be provided for by the arrangements for the transfer; and where the arrangements so provide the Minister may defray or contribute to the cost of managing the land while it is managed in accordance with the trusts or conditions referred to in die last foregoing subsection.

(4) The Minister may defray the cost of managing any land acquired by him under this section and not transferred to other persons.

Part III

Nature Conservation

15. In this Part of this Act the expression " nature reserve" means land managed for the purpose—

(a) of providing, under suitable conditions and control, special opportunities for the study of, and research into, matters relating to the fauna and flora of Great Britain and the physical conditions in which they live, and for the study of geological and physiographical features of special interest in the area, or .

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2085

(b) of preserving flora, fauna or geological or physio- Part in

graphical features of special interest in the area, —cont.

or for both those purposes.

16.—(1) The Nature Conservancy may enter into an agree- Agreements ment with every owner, lessee and occupier of any land, being Q?s?ature land as to which it appears to the Conservancy expedient in the for estabteh-national interest that it should be managed as a nature reserve, ment of nature for securing that it shall be so managed. reserves.

(2) Any such agreement may impose such restrictions as may be expedient for the purposes of the agreement on the exercise of rights over the land by the persons who can be bound by the agreement.

(3) Any such agreement—

(a) may provide for the management of the land in such

manner, the carrying out thereon of such work and the doing thereon of such other things as may be expedient for the purposes of the agreement;

(b) may provide for any of the matters mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph being carried out, or for the cost thereof being defrayed, either by the said owner or other persons, or by the Conservancy, or partly in one way and partly in another;

(c) may contain such other provisions as to the making of

payments by the Conservancy, and in particular for the payment by them of compensation for the effect of the restrictions mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, as may be specified in the agreement. 4 5

(4) Section two of the Forestry Act, 1947 (which empowers tenants for life and other limited owners to enter into forestry dedication covenants) shall apply to any such agreement; and where section seventy-nine of the Law of Property Act, 1925 (which provides that unless a contrary intention is expressed the burden of a covenant runs with the land) applies, subsections (2) and (3) of section one of the said Act of 1947 (which provide for enforcement against persons other than the covenantor) shall apply to any such restrictions as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, but with the substitution for references to the Forestry Commissioners of references to the Nature Conservancy.

(5) The following provisions shall have effect in the applica-

tion of this section to Scotland: —

(ia)a limited owner of land shall have power to enter into

agreements under this section relating to the land;

(b) the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921, shall have effect as if

among the powers conferred on trustees by section

four thereof (which relates to the general powers of

2086

Ch. 97

Part III —cont.

Compulsory acquisition of land by Conservancy for establishment of nature reserves.

Compulsory acquisition of land by Conservancy for maintenance of nature reserves.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

trustees) there were included a power to enter into agreements under this section relating to the trust estate or any part thereof;

(c) subsection (2) of section three of the Forestry Act, 1947, shall apply to an agreement under this section to which an owner or limited owner of land or a trustee acting under the last foregoing paragraph is a party as it applies to a forestry dedication agreement, with the substitution for the reference to the Forestry Commissioners of a reference to the Nature Conservancy;

(d) the expression " owner " includes any person empowered under this subsection to enter into agreements relating to land;

(e) subsection (4) shall not apply.

17. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, where the Nature Conservancy are satisfied as respects any land that it is expedient in the national interest that it should be managed as a nature reserve, they may acquire the land compulsorily.

(2) The Nature Conservancy shall not acquire any interest in land under the last foregoing subsection unless they are satisfied that they are unable, as respects that interest, to conclude on terms appearing to them reasonable an agreement under the last foregoing section containing such provisions as in their opinion are required for securing that the land will be satisfactorily managed as a nature reserve. 18 *

18. —(1) Where, as respects any interest in land, the Nature Conservancy have entered into an agreement under the last but one foregoing section and any breach of the agreement occurs which prevents or impairs the satisfactory management as a nature reserve of the land to which the agreement relates, then without prejudice to any other remedy the Nature Conservancy may acquire that interest compulsorily.

(2) Such a breach shall not be treated as having occurred by virtue of any act or omission capable of remedy unless there has been default in remedying it within a reasonable time after notice given by the Nature Conservancy requiring the remedying thereof.

(3) Any dispute arising under this section whether there has been such a breach of an agreement as aforesaid shall be determined by an arbitrator appointed by the Lord Chancellor or, in the case of a dispute relating to land in Scotland, by an arbiter appointed by the Lord President of the Court of Session.

(4) Without prejudice to the operation of the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934, as respects land in England or Wales, at any stage of the proceedings in any arbitration under the last

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97 2087

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

foregoing subsection relating to land in Scotland the arbiter Part in may, and shall if so directed by the Court of Session, state a case for the opinion of that Court on any question of law arising in the arbitration.

19. —(1) A declaration by the Nature Conservancy that any Declarations land is the subject of an agreement entered into with them under that arteas the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, or has been reserves'* acquired and is held by the Conservancy, shall be sufficient evidence, unless the contrary is proved, that the land is subject to

such an agreement or has been so acquired and is so held, as the case may be.

(2) A declaration by the Nature Conservancy that any land which is subject to such an agreement as aforesaid, or is held by the Nature Conservancy, is being managed as a nature reserve shall be conclusive of the matters declared.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Nature Conservancy, where any such declaration has been made and the agreement to which it relates ceases to be in force, or the land to which it relates ceases to be held by the Conservancy or to be managed as a nature reserve, as the case may be, to make a declaration of that fact; and any such declaration shall be conclusive of the matters declared.

(4) The Nature Conservancy shall publish notice of any declaration under this section in such manner as appears to them best suited for informing persons concerned.

(5) A document purporting to be certified on behalf of the Conservancy to be a true copy of any declaration under this section, shall be receivable in evidence and shall be deemed, unless the contrary is shown, to be such a copy. 20

20. —(1) The Nature Conservancy may, as respects land which Byelaws for is being managed as a nature reserve under an agreement entered protection of into with them or land held by them which is being managed

as a nature reserve, make byelaws for the protection of the reserve:

Provided that byelaws under this section shall not have effect as respects any land in a reserve unless a declaration under the last foregoing section is in force declaring that the land is being managed as a nature reserve and notice of the declaration has been published in pursuance of that section.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection, byelaws under this section—

(a) may provide for prohibiting or restricting the entry into,

or movement within, nature reserves of persons, vehicles, boats and animals;

(b) may prohibit or restrict the killing, taking, molesting or

disturbance of living creatures of any description in a nature reserve, the taking, destruction or disturbance of

2088

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part m eggs of any such creature, the taking of, or interference

—cont. with, vegetation of any description in a nature reserve,

or the doing of anything therein which will interfere with the soil or damage any object in the reserve;

(c) may prohibit or restrict the shooting of birds or of birds

of any description within such area surrounding or adjoining a nature reserve (whether the area be of land or of sea) as appears to the Nature Conservancy requisite for the protection of the reserve;

(d) may contain provisions prohibiting the depositing of rubbish and the leaving of litter in a nature reserve;

(e) may prohibit or restrict, or provide for prohibiting or

restricting, the lighting of fires in a nature reserve, or the doing of anything likely to cause a fire in a nature reserve;

if) may provide for the issue, on such terms and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the byelaws, of permits authorising entry into a nature reserve or the doing of anything therein which would otherwise be unlawful, whether under the byelaws or otherwise;

(g) may be made so as to relate either to the whole or to any part of the reserve or, in the case of byelaws made under paragraph (c) of this subsection, of any such surrounding or adjoining area as is mentioned in that paragraph, and may make different provisions for different parts thereof:

Provided that byelaws under this section shall not interfere with the exercise by any person of a right vested in him as owner, lessee or occupier of land in a nature reserve, or in the case of such land in Scotland as limited owner thereof, or with the exercise of any public right of way or of any functions of statutory undertakers, of a river board or other drainage authority or a district board for a fishery district within the meaning of the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862, or of the Commissioners appointed under the Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857.

(3) Where the exercise of any right vested in a person, whether by reason of his being entitled to any interest in land or by virtue of a licence or agreement, is prevented or hindered by the coming into operation of byelaws under this section, he shall be entitled to receive from the Nature Conservancy compensation in respect thereof.

Establishment of nature reserves by local authorities.

21.—(1) The council of a county or county borough shall have power to provide, or secure the provision of, nature reserves on any land in their area (not being land held by, or managed in accordance with an agreement entered into with, the Nature Conservancy) as to which it appears to the council expedient that it should be managed as a nature reserve.

1949

Ch. 97

2089

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(2) Any power of a county council under the last foregoing subsection as respects land in a county district may, with the consent of the county council and of the Nature Conservancy, be exercised by the council of the county district.

(3) Where the Nature Conservancy have consented under the last foregoing subsection to the exercise of a power by the council of a county district, but the county council have refused their consent thereto, the Minister, on the application of the council of the county district and after consultation with the county council and the Nature Conservancy, may direct that the said power shall be exercisable by the council of the county district.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply to the provision of nature reserves by local authorities under this section with the substitution for references to the Nature Conservancy of references to the local authority and as if the references in subsection (1) of sections sixteen and seventeen respectively of this Act to the national interest included references to the interests of the locality.

(5) A local authority may, as respects any land which is being managed as a nature reserve by the authority, enter into an agreement with any drainage authority for the exercise by the drainage authority, on such terms as to payment or otherwise as may be specified in the agreement, of any power of doing work exercisable by the local authority under the foregoing provisions of this section.

(6) A local authority shall exercise their functions under this Part of this Act in consultation with the Nature Conservancy.

(7) The following provisions shall have effect for the application of this section to Scotland: —

(a) the reference to the council of a county shall, in the

case of counties combined under subsection (1) of section one hundred and eighteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, mean the joint county council;

(b) for the reference to a county borough there shall be

substituted a reference to a large burgh;

(c) the expression "county" means a county inclusive of

any small burgh situated therein;

(d) the expressions " large burgh " and " small burgh " have the same meanings as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947;

(e) subsections (2) and (3) shall be omitted. 22

22. Where the Nature Conservancy, a local authority or any other person enter into an agreement with a drainage authority for the doing by that authority of any work on land managed as a nature reserve by, or under an agreement with, the Conservancy or a local authority, no limitation imposed by law on

3 Y

Part III —cont.

Power of drainage authorities to do work in nature reserves.

2090

Ch 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part III the capacity of the drainage authority by virtue of the constitu-

—cont. tion thereof shall operate so as to prevent the drainage authority

carrying out the agreement.

Duty of 23. Where the Nature Conservancy are of opinion that any

Conservancy area of land, not being land for the time being managed as a

local planning nature reserve» is of special interest by reason of its flora, fauna,

authorities of or geological or physiographical features, it shall be the duty

areas of special of the Conservancy to notify that fact to the local planning

scientific authority in whose area the land is situated, interest.

Annual report 24.—(1) The Nature Conservancy shall, as soon as possible

of Nature after the thirtieth day of September in each year, make to the Conservancy. Lord President of the Council a report on the discharge by them of their functions during the period of twelve months ending with that day.

(2) The Lord President of the Council shall lay a copy of every report of the Nature Conservancy under this section before each House of Parliament.

Supplementary 25.—(1) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall be construed provisions as as limiting the powers conferred on the Nature Conservancy by

Conservancy c*iarter» as ^or time being in force.

(2) The provisions of tins Part of this Act as to the acquisition and holding of land by the Nature Conservancy shall have effect subject to any limitation contained in the said charter, as for the time being in force, on the aggregate value of the land which may be acquired or held by the Conservancy.

(3) For the purposes of the application of any enactment or rule of law to land an interest in which belongs to the Nature Conservancy, the Conservancy shall be deemed to be a Government department.

Application 26. In the application of this Part of this Act to Scotland of the exPressi°ns " owner " and " limited owner " have the same

to Scotland. meanings as in section three of the Forestry Act, 1947.

Part IV Public Rights of Way

Ascertainment of footpaths, bridleways and certain other

highways

Surveys of public paths, etc., and preparation of draft maps and statements.

27.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the council of every county in England or Wales shall, as soon as may be after the date of the commencement of this Act, carry out a survey of all lands in their area over which a right of way to which this Part of this Act applies is alleged to subsist, and shall, not later than the expiration of three years

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2091

after that date or of such extended period as the Minister may in any particular case allow, prepare a draft map of their area, showing thereon a footpath or a bridleway, as may appear to the council to be appropriate, wherever in their opinion such a right of way subsisted, or is reasonably alleged to have sub* sisted, at the relevant date.

(2) A map prepared in accordance with the last foregoing subsection shall also show thereon any way which, in the opinion of the authority carrying out the survey (hereinafter referred to as 44 the surveying authority "), was at the relevant date, was at that date reasonably alleged to be, a road used as a public path.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the relevant date shall, in relation to the preparation of a draft map, be such date, not being earlier than six months before the date on which notice of the preparation of the draft map is published in accordance with the following provisions of this Part of this Act, as the surveying authority may determine.

(4) An authority by whom a draft map is prepared as aforesaid shall annex thereto a statement specifying the relevant date and containing, as respects any public path or other way shown thereon in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section, such particulars appearing to the authority to be reasonably alleged as to the position and width thereof, or as to any limitations or conditions affecting the public right of way thereover, as in the opinion of the authority it is expedient to record in the statement

(5) Any duty imposed by this section to prepare a map relating to any area may be discharged by the preparation, whether at the same time or at different times, of two or more maps, each comprising part of the area but together comprising die whole thereof; and where two or more such maps are prepared all proceedings under the following provisions of this Part of this Act may, except as hereinafter expressly provided, be taken separately in relation to each map.

(6) In this Part of this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say,—

" footpath" means a highway over which the public have a right of way on foot only, other than such a highway at the side of a public road;

44 bridleway" means a highway over which the public have the following, but no other, rights of way, that is to say, a right of way on foot and a right of way on horseback or leading a horse, with or without a right to drive animals of any description along the highway;

"horse" includes pony, ass and mule, and "horseback" shall be construed accordingly;

3 Y 2

Part IV —com.

2092

Ch. 97

Part IV

—com.

Provision of information by other local authorities.

Representations and objections as to draft maps and statements,

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

" public path" means a highway being either a footpath or a bridleway;

" right of way to which this Part of this Act applies" means a right of way such that the land over which the right subsists is a public path;

" road used as a public path" means a highway, other than a public path, used by the public mainly for the purposes for which footpaths or bridleways are so used.

(7) A highway at the side of a river, canal or other inland navigation shall not be excluded from any definition contained in the last foregoing subsection by reason only that the public have a right to use the highway for purposes of navigation, if the highway would fall within that definition if the public had no such right thereover.

28. —(1) Before carrying out a survey under the last foregoing section the surveying authority shall consult with die councils of county districts and parishes in the area of the authority as to the arrangements to be made for the provision by such councils of information for the purposes of the survey.

(2) Where the surveying authority and any such council as aforesaid are unable to agree as to the said arrangements, they shall refer the matter to the Minister and he shall determine what arrangements are to be made.

(3) Any arrangements made under this section for the provision of information by a parish council shall require the council to cause a parish meeting to be held for the purpose of considering the information to be provided by the council; and any arrangements so made for the provision of information by the council of a rural district shall, as respects each parish in the district not having a parish council, require the representative body of the parish or a member of that body to cause a parish meeting to be held for the purpose of considering the information to be provided by the district council in relation to the parish.

(4) It shall be the duty of any such council as aforesaid to collect and furnish to the surveying authority such information, in such manner and at such time, as may be provided for by arrangements agreed or determined under this section; and the said duty shall be enforceable by mandamus on the application of the surveying authority. 29

29. —(1) On completing the preparation of a draft map and statement the surveying authority shall notify the Minister and shall cause notice of the preparation thereof, and of places where copies thereof may be inspected at all reasonable hours, and of the time (not being less than four months) within which, and

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97 2093

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

the manner in which, representations or objections with respect Part IV to the draft map and statement may be made to the authority, —com. to be published in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area of the authority.

(2) At any time after the publication of a notice under the last foregoing subsection and before the expiration of the period specified in the notice for the making of representations and objections, the owner of any land to which the draft map and statement relate, or any other person interested in such land, may require the surveying authority to inform him what documents (if any) creating or modifying any of the rights of way shown on the draft map, being rights of way required to be shown thereon, were taken into account in preparing the draft map, so far as the said land is concerned, and—

(a) as respects any such documents in the possession of the surveying authority, to permit him to inspect them and take copies thereof,

(b) as respects any such documents not in their possession, to give him any information the authority have as to where the documents can be inspected; and on any requirement being made under this subsection the surveying authority shall comply therewith within fourteen days of the making of the requirement:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as limiting the documentary or other evidence which may be adduced in any proceedings under this Part of this Act in support of the existence of a right of way.

(3) If any representation or objection is duly made to the surveying authority as to anything contained in or omitted from the draft map and statement, the authority, after considering the representation or objection and affording to the person by whom it was made -an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the authority for the purpose, shall determine what (if any) modification of the particulars contained in the draft map and statement appears to the authority to be requisite in consequence thereof, and shall serve notice of their determination on the person by whom the representation or objection was made.

(4) Where under the last foregoing subsection the surveying authority determine to modify the particulars contained in the draft map and statement by the deletion of a way shown as a public path, or as a road used as a public path, or by the addition of a way so that it will be so shown,—

(a) they shall cause notice of their determination, in such form as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, to be published in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area

2094

Ch. 97

Part IV —corn.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

of the authority, specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to the determination may be made to the authority, and

(b) if any representation or objection is duly made to the

authority under the last foregoing paragraph, the authority shall notify the effect of the representation to the person (hereinafter referred to as " the original objector ") who made the representation or objection under subsection (3) of this section and, after considering the representation or objection under the last foregoing paragraph and affording to the person by whom it was made and to the original objector an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the authority for the purpose, shall decide whether to maintain or revoke the determination and serve notice of their decision on the person by whom the representation or objection under the last foregoing paragraph was made and on the original objector.

(5) Any person aggrieved—

(a) by a determination of the surveying authority under subsection (3) of this section not to give effect to a representation or objection as to anything omitted from the draft map and statement (other than a limitation or condition to which a right of way is alleged to be subject), or

(b) by a decision of the surveying authority under the last foregoing subsection to maintain a determination to modify die particulars contained in the draft map and statement by the deletion of a way shown as a public path or as a road used as a public path, or

(c) by a decision of the surveying authority under the last

foregoing subsection to revoke a determination to modify the said particulars by the addition of a way so that it will be so shown, may, at any time within twenty-eight days after the service upon him of notice of the determination or decision, serve notice of appeal against that determination or decision on the Minister and on the surveying authority.

(6) Where notice of appeal is duly served under the last foregoing subsection the Minister, after giving to the appellant and to the surveying authority an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose, shall either dismiss the appeal or direct the authority, in preparing the provisional map and statement in accordance with the provisions of the next following section,—

(a) in the case of an appeal against a determination under subsection (3) of this section, to modify the particulars

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

contained in the draft map and statement in such manner as may be specified in the direction;

(b) in the case of an appeal against a decision under subsection (4) of this section, to reverse the decision.

(7) Where a notice of appeal duly served under subsection <5) of this section relates to a decision of the surveying authority under subsection (4) of this section, the authority shall serve a copy of the notice on the original objector, and the Minister shall give to the original objector an opportunity of being heard under the last foregoing subsection at the same time as the appellant.

30. —(1) As soon as may be after the expiration of the period of twenty-eight days next following the date on which notice of the determination made or decision taken on all representations and objections made under the last foregoing section as respects a draft map and statement has been served on the persons by whom the representations or objections were made, or, if no such representations or objections have been duly made, then as soon as may be after the time for making such representations or objections has expired, the surveying authority shall prepare a provisional map and statement, and shall cause notice of the preparation thereof, and of places where copies thereof may be inspected at all reasonable hours, to be published in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area of the authority.

(2) If, apart from this subsection, the period mentioned in the

last foregoing subsection would expire before the determination of an appeal of which notice has been duly served under the last foregoing section, the said period shall be extended until the appeal is determined.

(3) The particulars to be contained in a provisional map and statement shall be those contained in the draft map and statement, subject to such modifications thereof (if any) as may be specified in any direction given by the Minister under paragraph

(a) of subsection (6) of the last foregoing section or as may appear to the surveying authority to be requisite having regard to their determination of any representation or objection made under that section, being a determination as to which the Minister has not given any such direction as aforesaid.

(4) Every provisional statement prepared under this section shall include a note of the relevant date specified in the corresponding draft statement. 31

31. —(1) At any time within twenty-eight days after the publication of a notice under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, the owner, lessee or occupier of any land shown on the map to which the notice relates, being land on which die map

2095

Part IV —coni.

Preparation of provisional maps and statements.

Determination by quarter sessions of disputes as to provisional maps and statements.

2096

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part IV shows a public path, or a road used as a public path, may apply —cant. to quarter sessions for a declaration—

(< a)that at the relevant date mentioned in the provisional statement there was no public right of way over the land;

(6) that the rights conferred on the public at that date by the public right of way over the land were such rights as may be specified in the application, and not such rights as are indicated in the provisional map and statement;

(c) that the position or width of that part of the land over

which the public right of way subsisted at the said date was as specified in the application, and not as indicated in the provisional map and statement; or

(d) that the public right of way over the land at the said

date was not unconditional but was subject to limitations or conditions specified in the application, or, if the said right is indicated in the provisional statement as being subject to limitations or conditions, that the said right was subject to other limitations or conditions specified in the application either in addition to or in substitution for those indicated in the provisional statement.

(2) Provision may be made by or under regulations made by the Secretary of State—

(a) for prescribing the court of quarter sessions to which

applications under this section are to be made or for requiring such applications to be made to a committee, being either an existing committee or a committee specially constituted for the purpose as may be prescribed by the regulations, of such court of quarter sessions as may be so prescribed;

(b) for the form and manner in which such applications are

to be made, and the persons who are to be entitled to be parties to the hearing of any such application;

(c) as to the publication or service of notice of proposals

to make such applications;

(d) for the awarding of costs in any proceedings under this section.

(3) If on the hearing of an application under subsection (1) of this section, being an application for a declaration under paragraph (0), (b) or (c) of that subsection, it is not proved to the satisfaction of the court or committee—

(a) in the case of an application under the said paragraph (a), that there was at the relevant date a public right of way over the land.

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(b) in the case of an application under the said paragraph

(b) ,that the rights conferred on the public by the public right of way over the land at the said date were rights other than those specified in the application, or

(c) in the case of an application under the said paragraph

(c) , that the position or width of the part of the land therein mentioned was other than that specified in the application,

the court or committee shall make the declaration sought by the applicant

(4) Where the court or committee make a declaration in the case of an application under the said paragraph (a) and it is proved to their satisfaction—

(a) that there was at the relevant date a right of way to

which this Part of this Act applies over land other than that to which the application relates, and

(b) that the said right is the right of way which the survey-

ing authority had in view when they showed on the map the disputed public path or road used as a public path,

the court or committee may, if satisfied that every owner, lessee and occupier of any of the land mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection has had an opportunity of appearing before them, make a further declaration that a public right of way as specified in the declaration subsisted over that land at that date.

(5) Where, in the case of an application under paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section, the court or committee do not make the declaration sought by the applicant, but the true nature of the rights conferred on the public by the public right of way in question or, as the case may be, the true position or width of the part of the land over which the public right of way subsisted at the relevant date (being different both from that specified in the application and from that indicated in the provisional map and statement) is proved to the satisfaction of the court or committee, the court or committee may make a declaration accordingly:

Provided that the court or committee shall not make a declaration under this subsection unless they are satisfied that every owner, lessee and occupier of any land which would be affected by the declaration has had an opportunity of appearing before them. 6

(6) A declaration under paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section shall not be made unless the matters to be stated in the declaration have been proved to the satisfaction of the court or committee hearing the application.

2097

Part IV —cont.

3 Y*

2098 Ch. '97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part IV (7) Section twenty of the Criminal Justice Act, 1925, (which —cont. provides for appeals to the High Court by way of case stated on a point of law) shall with the necessary modifications apply in relation to applications under this section.

(8) Subject to the last foregoing subsection and to the next following section, a declaration made under this section shall be conclusive evidence of the matters stated in the declaration.

Preparation, 32.—(1) As soon as may be after the determination of all

PUJlifftionf applications made under the last foregoing section as respects

definitive of any maP anc* statement, or if no such applications have been

maps and duly made then as soon as may be after the time for making

statements. such applications has expired, the surveying authority shall prepare a definitive map and statement, and shall cause notice of the preparation thereof, and of places where copies thereof may be inspected at all Reasonable hours, to be published in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area of the authority.

(2) The particulars to be contained in a definitive map and statement shall be those contained in the provisional map and statement, subject to such modifications thereof (if any) as may be requisite for giving effect to any declaration made under the last foregoing section; and every definitive statement shall include a note of the relevant date specified in the corresponding provisional statement.

(3) The authority by whom a definitive map and statement are prepared shall furnish to the Minister such number of copies thereof as he may require.

(4) A definitive map and statement prepared under subsection

(1) of this section shall be conclusive as to the particulars contained therein in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section to the following extent, that is to say—

(a) where the map shows a footpath, the map shall be conclusive evidence that there was at the relevant date specified in the statement a footpath as shown on the map;

(b) where the map shows a bridleway, or a road used as a public path, the map shall be conclusive evidence that there was at the said date a highway as shown on the map, and that the public had thereover at that date a right of way on foot and a right of way on horseback or leading a horse, so however that this paragraph shall be without prejudice to any question whether the public had at that date any right of way other than the rights aforesaid; and

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97 2099

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(c) -where by virtue of the foregoing paragraphs of this sub- Part IY section the map is conclusive evidence, as at any date, as to a public path, or road used as a public path, shown thereon, any particulars contained in the statement as to the position or width thereof shall be conclusive evidence as to the position or width thereof at the relevant date, and any particulars so contained as to limitations or conditions affecting the public right of way shall be conclusive evidence that at the said date the said right was subject to those limitations or conditions, but without prejudice to any question whether the right was subject to any other limitations or con* ditions at that date.

(5) A document purporting to be certified on behalf of the-surveying authority to be a copy of a definitive map or statement or of any part thereof shall be receivable in evidence and shall be deemed, unless the contrary is shown, to be such a copy.

(6) The provisions in that behalf of Part III of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the validity of definitive maps and statements prepared under subsection (1) of this section.

33.—(1) The authority by whom a definitive map and state- Periodical ment have been prepared under the last foregoing section shall revision of from time to time review the particulars contained therein Uatements. having regard to events which have occurred at any time between the relevant date specified in the definitive statement and such date as may be determined by the authority for the purposes of the review (in this and the next following section referred to as " the date of review "):

Provided that in the case of a map and statement which have previously been reviewed under this subsection, the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall have effect with the substitution, for the reference to the relevant date specified in the statement, of a reference to the last preceding date of review.

(2) The events so occurring as aforesaid to which an authority shall have regard in canning out a review under the last foregoing subsection shall include the following events, that is to say—

(a) the coming into operation of any enactment or instru-

ment, or any other event, whereby a highway required to be shown, and shown, on the map has been authorised to be stopped up, diverted, widened or extended;

(b) the coming into operation of any enactment or instru-

ment, or any other event, whereby a highway shown on

3 Y* 2

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

the map as being a highway of a particular description required to be shown thereon has ceased to be a highway of that description;

(c) the coming into operation of any enactment or instrument, or any other event, whereby a new right of way has been created, being a right of way to which this Part of this Act applies;

(d) the expiration, in relation to a way in the area of the authority, of any period such that the enjoyment by the public of the way during that period raises a presumption that the way has been dedicated as a public path; and

(e) the discovery by the authority of new evidence such that, if the authority were then preparing a draft map under the foregoing provisions of tins Part of this Act, they would be required by those provisions to show on the map, as a highway of a particular description, a way not so shown on the definitive map, or on the revised map last prepared in accordance with the following provisions of this section, as the case may be.

(3) A review under subsection (1) of this section shall be carried out at such time as the authority carrying out the review may consider appropriate, so however that the date of review shall not in any case be a date later than the expiration of five years after the relevant date, or the last preceding date of review, whichever is the later:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect the validity of any review carried out under the said subsection (1) or of any document prepared or thing done in consequence of such a review.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section, on completing a review under subsection (1) of this section the authority shall prepare a revised map and statement, consisting of the definitive map and statement, or of the revised map and statement last prepared under this section, as the case may be, subject to such modifications (if any) of the particulars contained therein as may appear to the authority to be requisite having regard to the review, and shall include in the revised statement a note of the date of review. 5

(5) If after carrying out a review under subsection (1) of this section it appears to the authority as respects the whole or any part of their area that a revised map and statement prepared in accordance with the last foregoing subsection would not differ from the definitive or last revised map and statement, the authority shall cause notice of that fact, specifying the date of review and how much of their area is affected by the notice, to be

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97 2101

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

published in the London Gazette and in one or more local news- Part IV papers circulating in the area of the authority, and shall not be —cons. required to prepare a revised map and statement in consequence of that review in respect of so much of their area as is specified in the notice:

Provided that if within such time (not being less than twenty-eight days) as may be specified in the notice any representation is made to the authority that as respects the whole or part of so much of their area as is specified in the notice a revised map and statement prepared as aforesaid would differ from the definitive or last revised map and statement—

(a) the authority, after considering the representation and

affording to the person by whom it was made an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the authority for the purpose, shall determine whether the representation is well founded and shall serve notice of their determination on the person by whom the representation was made;

(b) any person aggrieved by a determination of the authority under the last foregoing paragraph may, at any time within fourteen days after the service upon him of the notice of determination, serve notice of appeal against that determination on the Minister and on the authority;

(c) where notice of appeal is duly served under the last

foregoing paragraph, the Minister, after giving to the appellant and to the authority an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose, shall either dismiss the appeal or direct that effect shall be given to the representation;

(A if the authority determine that a representation is well founded or the Minister directs that a representation shall have effect, the authority shall be required to prepare a revised map and statement in consequence of the review, so however that where the representation relates to part only of their area they shall not by virtue of that representation be required so to prepare a revised map and statement for any other part of their area.

34.—(1) A revised map and statement prepared in accordance Supplemen-with the last foregoing section shall be prepared in three sue- tary provisions cessive stages, that is to say in draft, provisional and definitive" form respectively; and the provisions of sections twenty-eight to statements, thirty-two of this Act shall apply in relation to a review under the last foregoing section and to the preparation as aforesaid of a revised map and statement as they apply in relation to a survey

2102 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part IV and to maps and statements prepared in consequence of a survey,

—cont. but with the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) for references to the survey, to the surveying authority

and to the relevant date there shall be substituted references to the review, to the authority carrying out the review and to the date of review respectively;

(b) for references to the draft, provisional and definitive

map and statement there shall be substituted references to the revised map and statement as prepared in draft, provisional and definitive form respectively; and

(d the reference in subsection (1) of section thirty-one of this Act to land on which the map shows a public path, or a road used as a public path, shall be construed as relating only to land on which the path or road was not shown, or was differently shown, on the last preceding revised map prepared in definitive form which included that land, or, if there has been no such map, on the definitive map.

(2) An authority carrying out a review under the last foregoing section shall so determine the date of review as to be not earlier than six months before the date on which notice of the preparation of the revised map and statement in draft form is published in accordance with the provisions of subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of this Act as applied by the last foregoing subsection.

(3) Where in accordance with subsection (5) of section twenty-seven of this Act two or more definitive maps and statements relating to different parts of the area of an authority have been prepared at different times, the authority shall at one and the same time review the particulars contained in each of those maps and statements; and accordingly the provisions of the last foregoing section shall apply as if the relevant date for the purposes of each of those maps and statements were the earliest of the relevant dates specified therein or such later date as, on the application of the authority, the Minister may in any particular case determine.

Application of 35.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the fore-ss. 27 to 34 to going provisions of .this Part of this Act (in this and the next particular following section referred to as " the survey provisions ") shall

area*. not apply to the administrative county of London.

(2) The London County Council or the council of a county borough may by resolution adopt the survey provisions as respects any part of the said county or of the county borough, as the case may be, specified in the resolution, and those provisions shall thereupon apply accordingly.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2103

(3) If it appears to the Minister, as respects any part of the administrative county of London or of a county borough, that it is expedient that the survey provisions should apply thereto, and the London County Council or the council of the county borough, as the case may be, have not passed a resolution* adopting those provisions as respects that part, the Minister may. after consultation with the council in question, make an order directing that those provisions shall apply to that part of the said county or county borough, as the case may be.

(4) The council of a county, other than the administrative county of London, may by resolution exclude from the operation of the survey provisions any part of the county which appears to the council to be so fully developed that it is inexpedient that those provisions should apply thereto:

Provided that a resolution under this subsection shall not have effect unless approved by the Minister.

(5) Where by virtue of a resolution under subsection (2) of this section, or of an order under subsection (3) thereof, the survey provisions apply to any part of the administrative county of London or of a county borough, those provisions shall have effect in relation thereto—

(a) in the case of a part of the administrative county of

London, as if that part were a separate county and the London County Council were the council thereof, and as if, for references in those provisions to a county district, there were substituted references to a metropolitan borough;

(b) in the case of a part of a county borough, as if that

part were a county and the county borough council were the council thereof;

(c) in either case, as if, for references in section twenty-

seven of this Act to the date of the commencement of this Act, there were substituted references to the date on which the resolution or order in question comes into operation;

(d) in either case, subject to the modification that subsection (5) of section thirty-three of this Act shall not apply as respects part only of the area to which the order or resolution relates. 6

(6) The making or revocation of a resolution or order under this section, or the happening of any other event whereby land becomes or ceases to be comprised in an area to which the survey provisions apply, shall not, as respects any map or statement prepared before the event happened, affect the application in relation to the map or statement of subsection (4) of section thirty-two of this Act or that subsection as applied by subsection (1) of the last foregoing section.

Part IV —cont.

2104

Part IV —cont. Exercise of functions as to surveys, etc., by joint planning boards.

Power of Minister to expedite preparation maps and statements.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

36. —(1) Where under the Act of 1947 a joint planning board is for the time being constituted for a united district, then, if the council of every county wholly or partly comprised in that district consents, the powers and duties under the survey provisions of each of those councils as respects any area comprised in the united district maybe exercised and performed by the board; and references in this Part of this Act to the surveying authority shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of this Act shall have effect in relation to a survey carried out by a joint planning board as if the reference therein to the councils of county districts and parishes included a reference to the council of every county wholly or partly comprised in the area of the board.

(3) Where by virtue of a resolution passed or order made under the last foregoing section the survey provisions apply to part of a county borough, being a part wholly or partly comprised in a united district for which a joint planning board is constituted. references in the two last foregoing subsections to a county shall be construed as including references to that county borough.

(4) If, at the date when by virtue of such a resolution or order as aforesaid the survey provisions become applicable to part of a county borough, any functions under those provisions are being exercised by a joint planning board for a united district which includes that part, and the county borough council does not consent to the exercise of those functions by the joint planning board as respects that part, the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as if that part were not comprised in the united district.

37. —(1) Where it appears to the Minister that circumstances exist such as are mentioned in the next following subsection and

f that by reason of those circumstances the preparation of a pro-ot visional map and statement under section thirty of this Act, or the preparation of a definitive map and statement under section thirty-two thereof, has been or is likely to be unduly delayed, the Minister, after consultation with the surveying authority, may direct the authority to prepare the provisional or definitive map and statement, as the case may be, within such time (not being less than three months from the date of the direction) as may be specified in the direction.

(2) The circumstances referred to in the last foregoing subsection are the following circumstances, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a provisional map and statement, that the matters for the time being outstanding are so numerous, or that any such matters are of such a character, as to prevent the completion within a reasonable time of the action required to be taken under section twenty-nine of this Act, and

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2105

(b) in the case of a definitive map and statement, that by reason of the congestion of business at quarter sessions, or at any committee of quarter sessions to which applications under section thirty-one of this Act are referred, or by reason of the time taken or likely to be taken to dispose of any appeal under subsection (7) of the said section thirty-one, the determination of all applications under the said section thirty-one which, apart from this section, would have to be determined before the definitive map and statement can be prepared is not likely to be completed within a reasonable time.

(3) Where the Minister gives a direction under subsection (1) of this section as respects the preparation of a provisional map and statement, subsection (3) of section thirty of this Act shall have effect in relation to the preparation thereof with the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) the direction may require the surveying authority to dis-

regard representations or objections made under subsection (3) of section twenty-nine of this Act as respects any matter, or matters of any class, specified in the direction, being a matter or matters outstanding at the date of the direction; and

(b) subject to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph,

the surveying authority shall give effect to any representations or objections made with respect to matters outstanding at the date of the direction, being representations or objections made under the said subsection (3) as to anything omitted from the draft map and statement (other than a limitation or condition to which a right of way is alleged to be subject), and shall disregard all other representations or objections made with respect to matters outstanding at that date.

(4) Where the Minister gives a direction under subsection (1) of this section as respects the preparation of a definitive map and statement, subsection (2) of section thirty-two of this Act shall have effect in relation to the preparation thereof subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) any way in respect of which an application under para-

graph (a) or paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section thirty-one of this Act has been made but not finally determined at the date of the direction shall be omitted from the definitive map and statement;

(b) any way in respect of which an application under para-

graph (b) of the said subsection (1) has been made but not finally determined at the said date shall be shown on the definitive map as if the rights conferred on the

PaktIV

—cont.

2106 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part IV public by the public right of way thereover were the

—cont. rights specified in the application, and not the rights

indicated in the provisional map and statement; and

(c) in the case of any way in respect of which an application under paragraph (d) of the said subsection (1) has been made but not finally determined at the said date, the definitive statement shall include a note of the limitations or conditions specified in the application and of the fact that the application has been made and has not been finally determined;

and subsection (2) of section thirty-three of this Act shall have effect, in relation to any review of the particulars contained in the definitive map and statement, as if the events therein mentioned included the final determination of any such application as is mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) of this subsection.

(5) The surveying authority shall furnish the Minister with such information, and produce to him for inspection such documents, as he may require for the purposes of this section.

(6) References in this section to matters outstanding at any time shall be construed as references to matters as to which representations or objections have been made under section twenty-nine of this Act and have not been finally determined before that

* time.

Supplementary 38.—(1) Regulations made by the Minister may prescribe the

provisions as scale on which maps are to be prepared under any of the fore-to maps and going provisions of this Part of this Act, and the method of

s a emen showing or recording thereon, or in any statement required by

those provisions to be annexed thereto, anything required by those provisions to be so shown or recorded.

(2) The places at which copies of a draft, provisional or definitive map and statement, or of a revised map and statement prepared in draft, provisional or definitive form, are to be available for inspection in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act in that behalf shatt include one or more places in each county district comprised in the area to which the map and statement relate and, so far as appears practicable to the surveying authority or the authority , carrying out the review, as the case may be, a place in each parish so comprised:

Provided that the authority shall be deemed to comply with the requirement to have a copy available for inspection in a county district or parish if they have available for inspection there a copy of so much of the map and statement as relates to the county district or parish.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of section thirty-two of this Act or in the last foregoing subsection, an authority shall not be required to keep available for inspection

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2107

more than one copy of any definitive map and statement, or Part IV revised map and statement prepared in definitive form, if as —cont. respects the land to which that map and statement relate a subsequent revised map and statement so prepared have come into operation; and the said one copy may be kept at such place in the area of the authority as they may determine.

Creation of new public rights of way

39, —(1) The council of a county borough or county district Creation of shall have power to enter into an agreement with any person ofway having the necessary power in that behalf for the dedication by by a*reeinent-that person of a footpath or bridleway over land in the county

borough or county district, as the case may be:

Provided that the powers conferred by this subsection shall not be exercisable—

(a) by the council of a rural district except with the consent

of the county council and, if the county council is not the local planning authority, the consent of that authority;

(b) by the council of any other county district except with

the consent of the lecal planning authority; and

(c) by the council of a county borough, not being the local

planning authority, except with the consent of that authority.

(2) An agreement made under the last foregoing subsection (hereinafter referred to as a " public path agreement ") shall be on such terms as to payment or otherwise as may be specified in the agreement, and may, if it is so agreed, provide for the dedication of the footpath or bridleway subject to limitations or conditions affecting the public right of way thereover.

(3) Where a public path agreement has been made it shall be the duty of the council to take all necessary steps for securing that the footpath or bridleway is dedicated in accordance therewith.

- (4) References in this section to the dedication of a footpath or bridleway shall be construed as including references to the widening or extension of a footpath or bridleway. 40

40, —(1) Where it appears to the council of a county borough Compulsory or county district that there is need for a public right of way on powers for foot, or on foot and on horseback, over land in their area and

they are satisfied that, having regard to— of way.

(a) the extent to which the right of way would add to the convenience or enjoyment of a substantial section of the public, or to the convenience of persons resident in the area, and

2108

Part IV

—cont.

Exercise by other

authorities of powers under ss. 39 and 40.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(b) the effect which the creation of the right of way would have on the rights of persons interested in the land, account being taken of the provisions as to compensation hereinafter contained,

it is expedient that the right of way should be created, the council may by order (hereinafter referred to as a "public path order") made by them and submitted to and confirmed by the Minister create a public right of way over the land.

(2) A right of way created by a public path order may be either a right of way on foot only, or a right of way on foot and on horseback, as may be specified in the order, and may be either unconditional or subject to such limitations or conditions as may be so specified.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, the powers conferred by this section shall not be exercisable—

(a) by the council of a rural district except with the consent

of the county council and, if the county council is not the local planning authority, the consent of that authority;

(b) by the council of any othfer county district, except with

the consent of the local planning authority; and

(c) by the council of a county borough, not being the local

planning authority, except with the consent of that authority.

(4) A public path order shall be in such form as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, and shall contain a map, on such scale as may be so prescribed, defining the land over which a public right of way is thereby created.

(5) The provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the making, confirmation, coming into operation and validity of public path orders.

(6) References in this section to the creation of a public right of way shall be construed as including references to the widening or extension of the area over which there is an existing public right of way; and references therein to a right of way on horseback shall be construed as including references to a right of leading a horse along the highway.

41.—(1) The Minister, on the application of the council of a county, may direct, either generally or as respects the creation of a particular right of way, that the powers conferred by the two last foregoing sections or either of them on the council of a county district specified in the direction, being a district in the county in question, shall be exercisable by the county council and shall not be exercisable by the council of the county district:

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97 2109

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Provided that, in relation to the creation of rights of way in a part iv National Park, this subsection shall have effect as if— —cont.

(a) references to the council of a county included references

to a local planning authority whose area consists of or includes any part of the Park, and

(b) references to a county district in the county included

references to a county borough or county district any part of which is comprised in the area of such a local planning authority.

(2) A county council exercising a power by virtue of a direction under the last foregoing subsection shall consult the local planning authority, where that authority is a joint board, but shall not be required to obtain the consent of the board to the exercise of the power.

(3) Where it appears to the Minister in any particular case that there is need for a public right of way as mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, and the Minister is satisfied as mentioned in that subsection, the Minister, after consultation with the appropriate authority, may direct the authority to make and submit to him a public path order creating the right of way or may himself make the order; and where the Minister gives a direction under this subsection, the provisions of subsection (3) of the last foregoing section shall not apply.

(4) In the last foregoing subsection the expression " the appropriate authority," in relation to the making of a public path order, means the authority upon whom power to make the order (whether the power is exercisable with the consent of any other authority or not) is conferred by the last foregoing section or by that section as modified by a direction given under subsection (1) of this section.

Diversion and Closure of Public Paths

42.—(1) Where an owner, lessee or occupier of land crossed Diversion of by a public path satisfies the council of the county borough or public paths, county district in which the land is situated that for securing the efficient use of the land or of other land held therewith or providing a shorter or more commodious path it is expedient that the line of the path across his land, or part of that line, should be diverted (whether on to other land of his or on to land of another owner, lessee or occupier), the council may by order (hereinafter referred to as a " diversion order ") made by them and submitted to and confirmed by the Minister—

(a) create, as from such date as may be specified in the order, any such new public right of way as appears to the council requisite for effecting the diversion, and

(b) extinguish, as from such date as may be so specified in

accordance with the provisions of the next following

2110

Part IV

—cont.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

subsection, the public right of way over so much of the path as appears to the council requisite as aforesaid.

(2) Where it appears to the council that any work requires to be done to provide necessary facilities for the convenient exercise of any such new public right of way as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection, the date specified under paragraph (b) of that subsection shall be later than the date specified under paragraph (a) thereof by such time as appears to the council requisite for enabling the work to be carried out.

(3) A public right of way created by a diversion order shall be either a right of way on foot only, or a right of way on foot and on horseback (including a right of leading a horse along the highway), as may be specified in the order in accordance with the nature of the right of way extinguished by the order, and may either be unconditional or may (whether or not the last-mentioned right was subject to limitations or conditions of any description) be subject to such limitations or conditions as may be so specified.

(4) Before determining to make a diversion order on the representation of any owner, lessee or occupier, the council may require him to enter into an agreement with the council to defray, or to make such contribution as may be specified in the agreement towards—

(a) any compensation which may become payable under

the following provisions of this Part of this Act in consequence of the coming into operation of the order, or

(b) where the council are the highway authority as respects

the path in question, any expenses which they may incur in bringing the new site of the path into a fit condition for use by the public, or

(c) where the council are not the highway authority, any

expenses which may become recoverable from them by the highway authority in consequence of the order under the provisions of subsection (4) of section forty-eight of this Act. 5

(5) The Minister shall not confirm a diversion order unless he is satisfied that the diversion to be effected thereby is expedient as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and further that the path will not be substantially less convenient to the public in consequence of the diversion and that it is expedient to confirm the order having regard to the effect which—

(u) the diversion would have on public enjoyment of the path as a whole.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2111

(b) the coming into operation of the order would have as

respects other land served by the existing public right of way, and

(c) any new public right of way created by the order would

have as respects the land over which the right is so created and of any land held therewith,

so however that for the purposes of paragraphs (b) and (c) of this subsection the Minister shall take into account the provisions as to compensation hereinafter contained.

(6) A diversion order shall be in such form as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, and shall contain a map, on such scale as may be so prescribed, showing the existing site of so much of the line of the path as is to be diverted by the order and the new site to which it is to be diverted, and indicating whether a new right of way is created by the order over the whole of the new site or whether some part thereof is already comprised in a public path and, in the latter case, defining the part thereof so comprised.

(7) The provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the making, confirmation, coming into operation and validity of diversion orders.

(8) References in this section and in the said First Schedule to the diversion of the line of a path shall be construed as including, in the case of a path which terminates at a point on any public path or other highway, references to modifying the line of the path so as to terminate at another point on the same highway or on a highway connected-therewith, being a point substantially as convenient to the public.

43.—(1) Where it appears to the council of a county borough or county district as respects a public path in their area that it is expedient that the path should be stopped up, otherwise than by way of a diversion order, on the grounds that the path is not needed for public use, the council may by order (hereinafter referred to as an " extinguishment order ") made by them and submitted to and confirmed by the Minister extinguish the public right of way over the path.

(2) The Minister shall not confirm an extinguishment order unless he is satisfied that it is expedient so to do having regard to the extent (if any) to which it appears to him that the path would, apart from the order, be likely to be used by the public, and having regard to the effect which the extinguishment of the right of way would have as respects land served by the path, account being taken of the provisions as to compensation hereinafter contained.

Part IV —cont.

Closure of public paths.

2112 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part IV —cont.

(3) An extinguishment order shall be in such form as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, and shall contain a map, on such scale as may be so prescribed, defining the land over which the public right of way is thereby extinguished.

(4) The provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the making, confirmation, coming into operation and validity of extinguishment orders.

(5) Where in accordance with regulations made under paragraph 4 of the said First Schedule proceedings preliminary to the confirmation of an extinguishment order are taken concurrently with proceedings preliminary to the confirmation of a public path order or a diversion order, then in considering under subsection (1) of this section whether the path to which the extinguishment order relates is needed for public use, or under subsection (2) of this section to what extent (if any) that path would apart from the order be likely to be used by the public, the council or the Minister, as the case may be, may have regard to the extent to which die public path order or diversion order would provide an alternative path.

(6) References in this section to a public path shall be construed as including references to a part of such a path.

(7) For the purposes of subsections (1) and (2) of this section, any temporary circumstances preventing or diminishing the use of a path by the public shall be disregarded.

44,—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the powers of making diversion orders and extinguishment orders conferred by the two last foregoing sections shall not be extinguishment exercisable

orden. (a) by the council of a rural district except with the consent

of the county council and, if the county council is not the local planning authority, the consent of that authority;

(b) by the council of any other county district, except with

the consent of the local planning authority;

(c) by the council of a county borough, not being the local

planning authority, except with the consent of that authority; and

(d) by any local authority as respects a path, or part of a

path, in a National Park, except-after consultation with the Commission.

(2) Where a public path lies partly within and partly outside a county borough or county district, the powers conferred by the two last foregoing sections on the council of the county

Exercise of powers of

making

diversion and

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2113

borough or county district, as the casex may be, shall extend to Part IV the whole of the path as if the path lay wholly within their area: —com.

Provided that, in relation to so much of the path as lies outside the area of the council, the said powers shall not be exercisable—

(a) as respects any part of the path in a rural district, except

with the consent of the council of that district and of the county council, and, if that county council is not the local planning authority, the consent of that authority;

(b) as respects any part of the path in any other county district, except with the consent of the council of that district and the consent of the local planning authority; and

(c) as respects any part of the path in a county borough,

except with the consent of the council of the county borough and, if that council is not the local planning authority, the consent of that authority.

(3) The Minister, on the application of the council of a county, may direct, either generally or as respects the diversion or stopping up of a particular public path or part thereof, that the powers conferred by the two last foregoing sections or either of them (including those powers as extended by the last foregoing subsection) on the council of a county district specified in the direction, being a district in the county in question, shall be exercisable by the county council and shall not be exercisable by the council of the county district.

(4) A county council exercising a power by virtue of a direction under the last foregoing subsection shall consult the local planning authority, where that authority is a joint board, but shall not be required to obtain the consent of the board to the exercise of the power:

Provided that a county council shall not exercise any such power as aforesaid as respects so much of a public path as lies in another county except with the consent of the council of that county and, if the last mentioned council is not the local planning authority, the consent of that authority. 5

(5) Where an owner, lessee or occupier of land crossed by a public path satisfies the Minister that a diversion thereof is expedient as mentioned in subsection (1) of the last but one foregoing section, or where it appears to the Minister as respects a public path that it is expedient as mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section that the path or part thereof should be stopped up, then if—

(a) the appropriate authority have noj made and submitted to him a diversion order or an extinguishment order, as the case may be, and

2114 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part IV (£) the Minister is satisfied that, if such an order were made

—cont- and submitted to him, he would have power to confirm

the order in accordance with the provisions in that behalf of the two last foregoing sections,

the Minister, after consultation with the said authority, may direct the authority to make and submit to him a diversion order or an extinguishment order, as the case may be, or may himself make the order; and where the Minister gives a direction under this subsection, the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, of that subsection and of the proviso to subsection (2) of this section, or the proviso to the last foregoing subsection, as the case may be, shall not apply.

(6) A council proposing to make a diversion order such that the authority who will be the highway authority in respect of any part of the path after the diversion will be a different body from the existing highway authority in respect thereof shall, before making the order, notify the first-mentioned authority.

(7) In subsection (5) of this section the expression " the appropriate authority," in relation to the making of a diversion order or an extinguishment order, means the authority upon whom power to make the order (whether the power is exercisable with the consent of any other authority or not) is conferred by or under the relevant provisions of the two last foregoing sections and of subsections (2) and (3) of this section.

Supplementary 45.—(1) The three last foregoing sections shall apply in rela-

provisions as tion to public rights of way created before as well as after the to diversion commencement of this Act.

extinguishment q) The provisions of the three last foregoing sections shall be or without prejudice to the provisions of any other enactment under

which highways may be stopped up or diverted or public rights of way may be extinguished.

(3) A diversion order or extinguishment order affecting in any way the area of more than one authority may contain provisions requiring one of the authorities to defray, or contribute towards, expenditure incurred in consequence of the order by another of the authorities; and a diversion order diverting any part of the line of a path from a site in the area of one highway authority to a site in the area of another may provide fiat the coming into operation of the order shall not discharge any liability to repair of the first mentioned authority or impose any such liability on the last mentioned authority.

(4) A diversion order or extinguishment order shall not be made so as to extinguish a right of way over land on, over or under which there is any apparatus belonging to statutory undertakers unless the undertakers consent to the making of the order.

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

and any such consent may be given subject to the condition that there are included in the order such provisions for the protection of the undertakers as they may reasonably require.

The consent of statutory undertakers to any such order shall not be unreasonably refused, and any question arising under this subsection whether any requirement or refusal is reasonable shall be determined by the appropriate Minister.

Compensation Provisions

46. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, if. Compensation on a claim made in accordance with this section, it is shown cation, that the value of an interest of any person in land is depreciated, dosur^of^ or that any person has suffered damage by being disturbed in public paths, his enjoyment of land, in consequence of the coming into operation of a public path order, a diversion order or an extinguishment order, the authority by whom the order was made shall pay

to that person compensation equal to the amount of the depreciation or damage.

(2) A claim for compensation under this section shall be made within such time and in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, and shafi be made to the authority by whom the order was made.

(3) For the purposes of the application of this section to an order made by the Minister under subsection (3) of section forty-one of this Act or subsection (5) of the last but one foregoing section, references in this section to the authority by whom the order was made shall be construed as references to the authority who, immediately before the making of the order, were, for the purposes of the said subsection (3) or (5), the appropriate authority in relation to the making of an order for the creation, diversion or stopping up of the public path or part of a public path to which the order relates.

(4) Nothing in this section shall confer on any person, in respect of a right of way created by a public path order or diversion order, a right to compensation for depreciation of the value of an interest in land, or for disturbance in his enjoyment of land, not being in either case land over which the right of way was created or land held therewith, unless the creation of the right of way would have been actionable at his suit if it had been effected otherwise than in the exercise of statutory powers.

Liability for Repair of Public Paths

47. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Liability for Act, the rule of law whereby a highway is repairable by the rei*Hr inhabitants at large shall apply to all public paths, whether puWlc coming into existence before or after the commencement of this

Act, notwithstanding anything contained in any enactment

2115

Part IV

—cont.

2116

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part IV passed or made before the commencement of this Act and not-

—cont. withstanding any liability to repair of any other person; and

accordingly the enactments relating to highways so repairable shall have effect in relation to all such public paths.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection—

(a) no order made under section twenty-one of the Highway

Act, 1864, or section twenty-four of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878 (which sections provide for the making of orders for discontinuing the maintenance of unnecessary highways) shall have effect after the commencement of this Act as respects any public path; and

(b) after the commencement of this Act no proceedings

shall be instituted under either of the said sections for an order relating to a public path.

(3) Where apart from this section any person would be under an obligation to repair a public path, whether under any enactment, or by reason of tenure, enclosure or prescription—

(a) the operation of subsection (1) of this section shall not release him from the obligation, but

(b) if in the performance of their duty under the said subsection (1) the highway authority repair the public path, they may recover from the said person the necessary expenses of so doing, and

(c) where the highway authority exercise a right of recovery

under the last foregoing paragraph, then, if the said person would have been entitled to recover from some other person the whole or part of the expenses of repairing the path if he had repaired it himself, he shall be entitled to recover from that other person the whole or the like part, as the case may be, of the expenses recovered from him by the highway authority:

Provided that the right of recovery conferred by paragraph (6) of this subsection shall not be exercisable unless, before repairing the path, the highway authority have given notice to the said person that the path is in need of repair, specifying a reasonable time within which he may repair the path, and the said person # has failed to repair the path within that time.

Making up of 48.—(1) On the dedication of a public path in pursuance of a

public paths, public path agreement, or on the coming into operation of a public path order, being—

(a) an agreement or order made by a local authority who are not the highway authority as respects the path in question, or

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(b) an order made by the Minister under subsection (3) of section forty-one of this Act where, in relation to the making of a public path order creating the right of way in question, the appropriate authority for the purposes of the said subsection (3) are such a local authority,

the highway authority shall survey the path and shall certify what work (if any) appears to them to be necessary to bring the path into a fit condition for use by the public as a footpath or bridleway, as the case may be, and shall serve a copy of the certificate on the local authority mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection, as the case may be.

(2) An authority on whom a copy of a certificate is served under the last foregoing subsection may apply to the Minister on the ground that the work specified in the certificate, or any part thereof, is unnecessary or unduly expensive or is undesirable in the interests of amenity; and where such an application is made the Minister shall either cause a local inquiry to be held or shall give to the applicants and to the highway authority an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose and, after considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry or the person so appointed as aforesaid, shall make such order confirming, quashing or varying the certificate as he may think fit.

(3) Where the certificate of a highway authority in respect of a public path is quashed under the last foregoing subsection, the path shall not- be required to be maintained in a better condition than the condition in which it was at the date of the certificate; and where under the last foregoing subsection such a certificate is varied, the path shall not be required to be maintained in a better condition than the condition in which it is immediately after the completion of the work specified in the certificate as so varied.

(4) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, it shall be the duty of the highway authority to carry out any work specified in a certificate under subsection (1) thereof; and where the authority have carried out the work they may recover from the authority on whom a copy of the certificate was served any expenses reasonably incurred by them in carrying out that work, including any expenses so incurred in the discharge of any liability for compensation in respect of the carrying out thereof.

(5) Where a public path order—

(a) is made in compliance with a direction of the Minister under subsection (3) of section forty-one of this Act and is so made by the local authority who, on the coming into operation of the order, become the highway authority as respects the path in question, or

2117

Part IV

—cont.

2118 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside 1949

Part IV (b) is made by the Minister under the said subsection (3) in —cont. a case where, in relation to the making of a public path

order creating the right of way in question, the appropriate authority for the purposes of the said subsection (3) are that local authority,

the following provisions shall have effect, that is to say—

(i) the local authority specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of

this subsection, as the case may be, shall survey the path and shall certify what work (if any) appears to them to be necessary to bring the path into a fit condition for use by the public as a footpath or bridleway, as the case may be, and shall furnish the Minister with a copy of the certificate;

(ii) if the Minister is not satisfied with a certificate made

under the last foregoing paragraph, he shall either cause a local inquiry to be held or shall give to the local authority an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose and, after considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry or the person so appointed as aforesaid, shall make such order either confirming or varying the certificate as he may think fit; and

(iii) subject to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, it shall be the duty of the highway authority to carry out the work specified in a certificate made by them under paragraph (i) of this subsection.

(6) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to any public path created by a diversion order with the substitution of references to such an order for references to a public path order and of references to subsection (5) of section forty-four of this Act for references to subsection (3) of section forty-one thereof.

Acceptance of new paths created by dedication.

49. Section twenty-three of the Highway Act, 1835 (which provides that such highways as are therein mentioned shall not become repairable by the inhabitants at large unless certain conditions are complied with on the dedication thereof) shall apply to any public path dedicated after the commencement of this Act otherwise than in pursuance of a public path agreement.

Private street 50. Where apart from the provisions of section forty-seven of works. this Act a public path in existence at the passing of this Act

would, for the purposes of any of the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) section one hundred and fifty of the Public Health Act,

1875, or

(b) the Private Street Works Act, 1892, or

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2119

(c) the corresponding provisions of any other Act (includ- Part IV ing a local Act), —cont.

be a street, or part of a street, not being a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large, nothing in the said section shall prevent a local authority carrying out, or requiring the carrying out of, work under any of the said enactments or recovering expenses thereof.

Long-Distance Routes

51.—(1) Where it appears to the Commission, as respects any General part of England or Wales, that the public should be enabled to provisions make extensive journeys on foot or on horseback along a par- Jj^tluice18 ticular route, being a route which for the whole or the greater routes, part of its length does not pass along roads mainly used by vehicles, the Commission may prepare and submit to the Minister a report under this section.

(2) A report under this section shall contain a map showing the route, defining those parts thereof over which there exists a public right of way, and indicating in each case the nature of that right; and the report shall set out such proposals as the Commission may think fit—

(a) for the maintenance or improvement of any public path

or road used as a public path along which the route passes;

(b) for the provision and maintenance of such new public

paths as may be required for enabling the public to journey along the route;

(c) for the provision and operation of ferries where they

are needed for completing the route; and

(d) for the provision of accommodation, meals and refresh-

ments along the route.

(3) A report under this section may also include such recommendations as the Commission may think fit for the restriction of traffic on existing highways along which the route passes. 4 5

(4) Before preparing a report under this section the Commission shall consult every joint planning board, county council, county borough council and county district council through whose area the route passes; and it shall be the duty of every such board or council to furnish to the Commission such information as the Commission may reasonably require for the purposes of the report.

(5) A report under this section shall contain an estimate, in such form as the Minister may require, of the capital outlay likely to be incurred in carrying out any such proposals contained therein as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, of the annual cost of maintaining any existing public paths

2120

Part IV

—cont.

Approval of proposals relating to a long-distance route.

Ferries for purposes of long-distance routes.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

or roads used as public paths along which the route passes and any new public paths provided for by the proposals, and of the annual expenditure likely to be incurred by local authorities in connection with the provision and operation of ferries, and the provision of accommodation, meals and refreshments, so far as those matters are provided for by the proposals.

52. —(1) On the submission to the Minister of a report under the last foregoing section, the Minister shall consider any proposals contained in the report under subsection (2) of that section and may either approve the proposals, with or without modifications, or reject the proposals:

Provided that where the Minister does not propose to approve the proposals as set out in the report he shall, before coming to a determination as to what action to take under this subsection, consult with the Commission and such other authorities and persons as he may tfiink fit.

(2) As soon as may be after the Minister determines under the last foregoing subsection either to approve any proposals, with or without modifications, or to reject them, he shall notify his determination to the Commission and to every joint planning board, county council, county borough council and county district council whose area is traversed by the route to which the report relates.

(3) Proposals approved by the Minister under subsection (1) of this section, either as originally set out in the report or as modified by the Minister, are hereinafter referred to as " approved proposals relating to a long-distance route."

53. —(1) Where approved proposals relating to a long-distance route include proposals for the provision and operation of a ferry, the authority who are the highway authority for either or both of the highways to be connected by the ferry—

(a) shall have power to provide and operate the ferry and to carry out such work and do all such things as appear to them expedient for the purpose of operating the ferry;

(b) may with the approval of the Minister agree with any person or body of persons for the provision and operation of the ferry by him or them and for the making by the highway authority of such contributions as may be specified in the agreement:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall—

(i) be construed as conferring on such an authority any ex-

clusive right to operate a ferry;

(ii) authorise the doing of anything which apart from this

subsection would be actionable by any person by virtue

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

of his having an exclusive right to operate a ferry, unless he consents to the doing thereof;

(iii) authorise the doing of anything on land, or as respects water over land, in which any other person has an interest, if apart from this subsection the doing thereof would be actionable at his suit by virtue of that interest and he does not consent to the doing thereof;

and before carrying out any work in the exercise of powers conferred by this subsection, being work on the bank or bed of any waterway, the highway authority shall consult with such authorities having functions relating to the waterway as the Minister may either generally or in any particular case direct.

(2) A highway authority may acquire land compulsorily for the purpose of any of their functions under paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection.

(3) The Minister, on the application of any such authority as is hereafter specified, may direct, either generally or as respects the provision and operation of a particular ferry, that all or any of the powers conferred on a highway authority by subsection

(1) of this section shall be exercisable by the applicant authority and not by the highway authority.

(4) An application under the last foregoing subsection may be made, in relation to any highway authority, by any county or county district council (not being the highway authority) whose area includes or is included in the area of the highway authority.

54.—(1) Where approved proposals relating to a long-distance Accommo-route include proposals for the provision, along any part of the dation, meals route, of accommodation, meals and refreshments, any local refreshments planning authority through whose area, or in the neighbourhood aiong iong. of whose area, that part of the route passes shall have power distance to make such arrangements under this section as are requisite routes, for giving effect to the last-mentioned proposals.

(2) The arrangements which may be made by an authority under this section are arrangements for securing, at places in their area convenient for persons using the part of the route in question, the provision, whether by the authority or other persons, of accommodation, meals and refreshments (including intoxicating liquor):

Provided that an authority shall not under this section provide accommodation, meals or refreshments except in so far as it appears to them that the facilities therefor are inadequate or unsatisfactory, either generally or as respects any description of accommodation, meals or refreshments, as the case may be.

3 Z

2121

Part IV

—corn.

2122

Ch. 97

Part IV —cont.

Variation of approved proposals.

Rights of way subject to conditions for securing efficient use of agricultural land.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(3) For the purposes of arrangements under this section a local planning authority may erect such buildings and carry out such work as may appear to them to be necessary or expedient

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not authorise an authority, on land in which any other person has an interest, without his consent to do anything which apart from this section would be actionable at his suit by virtue of that interest.

(5) A local planning authority may acquire land compulsorily for the purpose of any of their functions under this section.

55. —(1) Where proposals relating to a long-distance route have been approved by the Minister under section fifty-two of this Act, the Commission may from time to time prepare and submit to the Minister a report proposing any such variation of the approved proposals as the Commission may think fit.

(2) Where, as respects any proposals approved as aforesaid, it appears to the Minister, after consultation with the Commission, expedient that the proposals should be varied in any respect and the Commission have not submitted to the Minister a report proposing that variation, the Minister may direct that the proposals shall be so varied.

(3) Subsection (4) of section fifty-one of this Act, and subsections (1) and (2) of section fifty-two thereof, shall with the necessary modifications apply to a report or direction under this section; and subsection (5) of the said section fifty-one shall with the necessary modifications apply to any such report.

(4) Where the Minister approves, with or without modifications, any proposals contained in a report under subsection (1) of this section, or gives a direction under subsection (2) of this section, the proposals for the variation of which the report was made or direction given shall thereafter have effect subject to the provisions of the report or direction; and references in this Act to approved proposals relating to a long-distance route shall be construed accordingly.

Minor Amendments of Law relating to Rights of Way

56. —(1) Where a public path crosses agricultural land or land which is being brought into use for agriculture, then if—

(a) it i$ proposed in accordance with the rules of good

husbandry to plough the land, and

(b) it is convenient, in so ploughing the land, to plough the

path together with the rest of the land,

the public right of way shall be subject to the condition that the occupier shall have the right, subject to the following provisions of this section, to plough the path as well as the rest of the land.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2123

(2) Before ploughing a public path in the exercise of the right conferred by the last foregoing subsection the occupier shall give to the highway authority not less than seven days’ notice of his intention to plough the path; and any person who fails to comply with the provisions of this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds.

(3) Where a public path is ploughed in the exercise of the said right, the occupier of the land shall as soon as may be after the ploughing is completed make good the surface of the path so as to make it reasonably convenient for the exercise of the public right of way; and any person who fails to comply with the provisions of this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and to a further fine not exceeding one pound for every day after conviction on which the failure continues.

(4) Where the owner, lessee or occupier of agricultural land, or land which is being brought into use for agriculture, represents to the highway authority that, for securing that the use, or any particular use, of the land for agriculture shall be efficiently carried on, it is expedient that stiles, gates or other works for preventing the ingress or egress of animals should be erected on a public path crossing the land, the highway authority may, subject to such conditions as they may impose for maintenance and for enabling the right of way to be exercised without undue inconvenience to the public, authorise the erection of the stiles, gates or other works. 5

(5) If, on a representation duly made under the last foregoing subsection, the highway authority refuse to grant an authorisation thereunder, or grant such an authorisation subject to conditions, the person who made the representation may appeal to the Minister against the refusal or against the imposition of the conditions, as, the case may be; and if the Minister, after giving to the appellant and to the highway authority an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose and considering the report of that person, determines to allow the appeal, he shall—

(a) if the appeal was against a refusal, authorise the erection

of the stiles, gates or other works in question, subject to such conditions as he may impose for maintenance and for enabling the right of way to be exercised without undue inconvenience to the public;

(b) if the appeal was against the imposition of conditions,

direct that the authorisation granted by the highway authority shall, as may be specified in the direction, have effect either unconditionally or subject to such modified conditions as may be so specified.

3 Z 2

Part IV

—cont.

2124

Part IV

—cont.

Penalty for displaying on footpaths notices deterring public use.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(6) Where in the case of a public path an authorisation is granted by the highway authority under subsection (4) of this section or by the Minister under the last foregoing subsection, the public right of way shall be deemed to be subject to a condition that the stiles, gates or works may be erected and maintained in accordance with the authorisation and so long as the conditions attached thereto are complied with.

(7) It shall be the duty of a highway authority to enforce the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of this section as respects any public path for which they are the highway authority; and no proceedings in respect of an offence under those provisions shall be brought except by the authority required by this subsection to enforce those provisions as respects the public path in question.

(8) For the purposes of section fifty-six of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 (which empowers a highway authority to secure the removal from a highway of structures erected thereon otherwise than under or in pursuance of any enactment), any stile, gate or works erected in pursuance of an authorisation under subsection

(4) or (5) of this section shall be deemed to be erected under or in pursuance of this section only if the provisions of the authorisation and any conditions attached thereto are complied with.

(9) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in relation to rights of way created before as well as after the commencement of this Act.

(10) Nothing in the provisions of this section shall prejudice any limitation or condition having effect apart from those provisions.

57.—(1) If any person places or maintains, on or near any way shown on a definitive map, or on a revised map prepared in definitive form, as a public path or road used as a public path, a notice containing any false or misleading statement likely to deter the public from using the way, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) The court before whom a person is convicted of an offence under the last foregoing subsection may, in addition to or in substitution for the imposition of a fine, order him to remove the notice in respect of which he is convicted within such period, not being less than four days, as may be specified in the order; and if he fails to comply with the order he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds for each day on which the failure continues.

(3) It shall be the duty of a highway authority to enforce the provisions of this section as respects any public path, or road used as a public path, for which they are the highway authority;

1949

Ch. 97

2125

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

and no proceedings in respect of an offence under those pro- part iv visions shall be brought except by the authority required by this —com. subsection to enforce those provisions as respects the path or road in question.

58.—(1) In section one of the Rights of Way Act, 1932 (which Amendment of by subsection (1) of that section raises a presumption of dedica- 22 & 23 Geo. 5. tion of a highway after twenty years* enjoyment by the public c*45*s* unless there is sufficient evidence of absence of intention to dedicate or unless during such period of twenty years there was no person in possession capable of dedicating, and by subsection (2) of that section raises a presumption of dedication after forty years* enjoyment unless there is sufficient evidence of absence of intention to dedicate) the words from "or unless during such period of twenty years ’* to the end in the said subsection (1), and the said subsection (2), shall cease to have effect.

(2) Nothing in this section shall affect any proceedings pending at the commencement of this Act, and where in respect of any way a court of competent jurisdiction decides in any proceedings so pending, or has before the commencement of this Act decided, that the way is not a highway, this section shall not apply except as respects enjoyment of the way after the date of the decision.

Part V Access to Open Country

59. —(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have Provision for

effect for enabling the public to have access for open-air recrea- Pub,lc access tion to open country— co°mh.

(a) to which the provisions of the next following section are applied by an agreement under this Part of this Act (hereinafter referred to as an " access agreement *) or by an order under this Part of this Act (hereinafter referred to as an " access order *),

(b) acquired under this Part of this Act for the purpose of

giving to the public access thereto.

(2) In this Part of this Act the expression " open country means any area appearing to the authority with whom an access agreement is made or to the authority by whom an access order is made or by whom the area is acquired, as the case may be, to consist wholly or predominantly of mountain, moor, heath, down, cliff or foreshore (including any bank, barrier, dune, beach, flat or other land adjacent to the foreshore).

60. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of Ri^1.ts °{* this Act, where an access agreement or order is in force as where respects any land a person who enters upon land comprised agreement or in the agreement or order for the purpose of open-air recrea- order in force, tion without breaking or damaging any wall, fence, hedge or

2126

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside 1949

Part v gate, or who is on such land for that purpose after, having so

—cont. entered thereon, shall not be treated as a trespasser on that

land or incur any other liability by reason only of so entering or being on the land:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to land which for the time being is excepted land as hereinafter defined.

(2) Nothing in the provisions of the last foregoing subsection shall entitle a person to enter or- be on any land, or to do anything thereon, in contravention of any prohibition contained in or having effect under any enactment.

(3) An access agreement or order may specify or provide for imposing restrictions subject to which persons may enter or be upon land by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, including in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of this subsection, restrictions excluding the land or any part thereof at particular times from the operation of the said subsection (1); and that subsection shall not apply to any person entering or being on the land in contravention of any such restriction or failing to comply therewith while he is on the land.

(4) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act as to the general restrictions to be observed by persons having access to land by virtue of the said subsection (1).

(5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the expression " excepted land" means land which for the time being is of any of the following descriptions, that is to say—

(a) agricultural land, other than such land which is agri-

cultural land by reason only that it affords rough , grazing for livestock;

(b) land comprised in a declaration for the time being in force under subsection (2) of section nineteen of this Act or that subsection as applied by section twenty-one of this Act;

(c) land covered by buildings or the curtilage of such land;

(d) land used for the purpose of a park, garden or pleasure

ground, being land which was so used at the date when the relevant access agreement or order was made;

(e) land used for the getting of minerals by surface working

(including quarrying), land used for the purposes of a railway (including a light railway) or tramway, or land used for the purposes of a golf course, racecourse or aerodrome;

(/) land (not falling within the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection) covered by works used for the purposes of a statutory undertaking or the curtilage of such land;

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(g) land as respects which development is in course of

being carried out which will result in the land becoming such land as is specified in paragraph (c), (e) or (/) of this subsection;

(h) land to which section one hundred and ninety-three of

the Law of Property Act, 1925, for the time being applies:

Provided that land which is for the time being comprised in an access agreement or order shall not become excepted land by reason of any development carried out thereon, or any change of use made thereof, if the development or change of use is one for which under the Act of 1947 planning permission is required and either that permission has not been granted or any condition subject to which it was granted has been contravened or has not been complied with.

61.—(1) Every local planning authority, except as hereinafter General survey provided, shall within two years from the commencement of this ^uirements Act review their area for the purpose of ascertaining what land oftocal there is in their area of the descriptions specified in subsection planning (2) of section fifty-nine of this Act, and of considering what authority action should be taken as respects their area, whether by the areas-making of access agreements or orders or by the acquisition of land, for securing access by the public for open-air recreation.

(2) In considering what action should be taken as aforesaid, a local planning authority shall have regard to all relevant circumstances, including—

(a) in the case of particular land, the extent to which such

access as aforesaid is likely to be available without such action being taken, and

(b) generally, the extent to which there is a need for greater

facilities in their area for such access, whether for persons living in their area or for other persons.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply in relation to the London County Council, the council of a county borough or, where the area of a joint planning board falls partly within one or more counties and partly within one or more county boroughs, to the joint planning board as respects so much of their area as falls within a county borough:

Provided that—

(a) the council of a county borough, being a local planning

authority, or any such joint planning board as aforesaid may by resolution adopt the foregoing provisions of this section as respects any part of a county borough within their area and specified in the resolution;

(b) if it appears to the Minister, as respects any such council

or board, that it is expedient that the said provisions

2127

Part V

—com.

2128

Part V

—cont.

Proceedings consequent on review under last

foregoing

section.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside 1949

should apply to any part of a county borough within their area and the council or board have not passed a resolution adopting the said provisions as respects that part, the Minister may, after consultation with the council or board, make an order directing that the said provisions shall apply as aforesaid;

and where a resolution or order under this proviso takes effect the said provisions shall apply accordingly, but with the substitution for references to the commencement of this Act of references to the coming into operation of the resolution or order.

62,—(1) As soon as may be after the completion by a local planning authority of their review under the last foregoing section, the authority shall proceed with the taking as respects their area of such action as they consider should be taken by them under the following provisions of this Part of this Act:

Provided that before determining what action they should take as aforesaid as respects land in a National Park the local planning authority shall consult with the Commission and consider any recommendations made by them.

(2) If in consequence of their review under the last foregoing section the local planning authority are of opinion—

(a) that there is in their area no land of the descriptions

specified in subsection (2) of section fifty-nine of this • Act, or no appreciable area of such land, or

(b) that as respects their area no such action needs to be

taken as is mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section,

the local planning authority shall as soon as may be after the completion of the review forward to the Minister a statement of their opinion, and publish a notice setting out the contents of the statement.

(3) A notice under the last foregoing subsection shall be published in the London Gazette and in at least one local newspaper circulating in the area of the local planning authority, and shall specify the time (not being less than three months) within which, and the manner in which, representations may be made to the Minister as respects their area that action needs to be taken as mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section.

(4) The Minister shall consider any statement forwarded to him under the foregoing provisions of this section and any representations duly made with respect thereto, and shall furnish the local planning authority with a copy of any representations so made, and where any representations are so made and not withdrawn shall either—

(a) cause a local inquiry to be held, or

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(b) afford to the persons by whom the representations were made and to the local planning authority an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose;

and after considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry or to hear representations the Minister shall then determine whether, and if so to what extent, it is expedient that he should exercise the powers conferred on him by this Act for securing, as respects land in the area of the authority, access by the public for open-air recreation.

(5) Nothing in this or the last foregoing section shall be taken as requiring that a local planning authority shall have completed their review under the last foregoing section before exercising their powers under this Part of this Act of making access agreements or orders or of acquiring land.

63.—(1) Within one year from the completion of their review under the last but one foregoing section or within such longer period as the Minister may in any particular case allow, a local planning authority shall, unless they have forwarded to the Minister a statement under subsection (2) of the last foregoing section, prepare and forward to the Minister a map on such scale as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister showing as respects the area of the authority, in such manner as may be so prescribed—

(a) the approximate extent of land in the area of any of

the descriptions specified in subsection (2) of section fifty-nine of this Act, and

(b) what action has been taken under this Part of this Act

for enabling the public to have access to such land,

and shall publish notice that the map has been prepared, specifying places where a copy of the map may be seen at all reasonable hours.

(2) A notice under the last foregoing subsection shall be published in the London Gazette and in at least one local newspaper circulating in the area of the local planning authority, and shall specify the time (not being less than three months) within which, and the manner in which, representations may be made to the Minister as respects their area that further action, beyond that shown on the map prepared by the local planning authority, needs to be taken as mentioned in subsection (1) of the last but one foregoing section; and subsection (4) of the last foregoing section shall apply in relation to a map forwarded to the Minister under this section as it applies to a statement forwarded to him under that section.

3 Z*

2129

Part V

—con/.

Notification to Minister of action taken for securing public access.

2130

Part V —

Access

agreements.

Access orders.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

64. —(1) A local planning authority may with the approval of the Minister make an access agreement with any person having am interest in land, being open country, in the area of the authority whereby the provisions in that behalf of this Part of this Act shall apply to the land.

(2) An access agreement may provide for the making of payments by the local planning authority of either or both of the following descriptions, that is to say in consideration of the making of the agreement and by way of contribution towards expenditure incurred by the person making the agreement in consequence thereof.

(3) An access agreement may be made either irrevocably or subject to such provisions for revocation or variation as may be specified in the agreement.

(4) Section two of the Forestry Act, 1947 (which empowers tenants for life and other limited owners to enter into forestry dedication covenants) shall apply to an access agreement as it applies to such a covenant.

(5) Before entering into an access agreement as respects land in a National Park, the local planning authority shall consult with the Commission.

(6) Where an access agreement is made with one or some, but not all, of the persons having interests in the land to which the agreement relates, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply as respects the interests of the persons with whom the agreement is made, and shall continue so to apply notwithstanding any change in the persons entitled thereto, but shall not, as against the person for the time being entitled to any other interest in the land, operate so as to prejudice his rights as owner of that interest, or impose any restriction on him or confer any right against him.

65. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the authority by whom an access order may be made shall be the local planning authority in whose area the land in question is situated; and an order made by such an authority shall be submitted to the Minister and shall not have effect unless confirmed by him.

(2) An access order shall not be made as respects any land—

(a) if an access agreement or access agreements are in force with respect thereto which in the opinion of the authority having power to make such an order adequately secure to the public access to the land for open-air recreation;

(b) where such an agreement or agreements are not in force

with respect to the land, unless it appear to the said authority impracticable to secure the making of such an agreement or agreements.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2131

(3) An access order shall contain a map, on such scale as may part V

be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, defining in —amt,

such manner as may be so prescribed—

(a) the land comprised in the order, and

(b) so far as appears practicable to the authority making the order, any of the said land which, in the opinion of that authority, is at that time excepted land otherwise than by reason of being agricultural land;

and the order shall also include such descriptive matter, if any, as may be so prescribed or as may appear to the said authority to be requisite for the purposes of the order.

(4) The provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to the making, confirmation, coming into operation and validity of access orders.

(5) Before making an access order in respect of land in a 1

National Park, the local planning authority shall consult with

the Commission; and where it appears to the Commission desirable that such an order should be made in respect of land in a National Park, and the local planning authority have not made an order in respect thereof, the Commission may request the authority to make an order accordingly.

(6) If—

(a) in the case of land in the area of a local planning

authority, not being land in a National Park, it appears to the Minister that an access order should be made in respect thereof, or

(b) in the case of land in a National Park it is represented to the Minister by the Commission that a local planning authority have not complied with a request made under the last foregoing subsection,

the Minister, after consultation with the local planning authority, may direct the authority to make the order or may himself make the order. 4

66,—(1) A person interested in any land comprised in an access Effect of agreement or order, not being excepted land, shall not carry outaccess any work thereon whereby the area to which the public are able oSSonridus to have access by virtue of the agreement or order is substantially and liabilities reduced: of owners.

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect the doing of anything whereby any land becomes excepted land.

(2) The operation of subsection (1) of section sixty of this Act in relation to any land shall not increase the liability, under any enactment not contained in this Act or under any rule of law, of a person interested in that land or adjoining land in respect of the state thereof or of things done or omitted thereon.

﻿2132 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6 Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 t %

Part V —cont. (3) Any restriction arising under a covenant or otherwise as to the use of any land comprised in an access agreement or order shall have effect subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, and any liability of a person interested in such land in respect of such a restriction shall be limited accordingly. (4) For the purposes of any enactment or rule of law as to the circumstances in which the dedication of a highway or the grant of an easement may be presumed, or may be established by prescription, the use by the public or by any person of a way across land at any time while it is comprised in an access agreement or order shall be disregarded.

Provision of means of access. 67.—(1) An access agreement or order may make such provision as appears expedient for the purposes of the agreement or order for securing that sufficient means of access to the land comprised in the agreement or order will be available for the public while the land is so comprised. (2) Provision made by an access agreement or order by virtue of this section may be provision for any one or more of the following matters, that is to say— (a) the improvement or repair of any means of access to the land in existence at the time when the agreement or order is made; (б) the construction of new means of access to the land; (c) the imposition of restrictions on the destruction, re- moval, alteration or stopping-up of any means of access to the land, or the doing of any thing whereby the use of any such means of access by the public would be impeded; and (d) the maintenance of any such means of access to the land as are mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection.

(3) No provision made by an access order by virtue of this section shall— (a) apply to land which is for the time being excepted land, or authorise or require any thing to be done in relation to such land or any means of access thereto; (b) affect the doing of any thing whereby any land becomes excepted land; or (c) require, or authorise any person to require, any work to be carried out at the expense of any person interested in the land except as hereafter in this section expressly provided. (4) Where it appears to the local planning authority in whose area the land is situated that any work is required for giving eifcct to any such provision of an access agreement or order

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2133

as is specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and (d) of subsection (2) Part V

of this section, the authority may agree with the owner and —cont.

occupier of the land as to die carrying out of the work, and where it is agreed that it shall be carried out otherwise than by the authority may defray the cost of the carrying out thereof, or may contribute such part of that cost as may be specified in the agreement.

(5) If, in a case falling within the last foregoing subsection—

(a) the local planning authority are unable to make an agree-

ment, or

(b) the owner or occupier fails to carry out within a reason-

able period any work which he has agreed to carry out,

the local planning authority, after giving to the owner and the occupier not less than fourteen days’ notice of their intention so to do, may take all necessary steps for carrying out the work; and where, in a case to which paragraph ( of this subsection applies, the agreement provided that the authority should contribute part of the cost of carrying out the work, the authority may recover the amount of any expenses reasonably incurred by them in carrying out the work, reduced by their contribution under the agreement, from the person by whom under the agreement the cost (apart from the authority’s contribution) of carrying out the work would fall to be borne.

(6) In this section the expression " means of access," in relation to land, means any opening in a wall, fence or hedge bounding the land or any part thereof, with or without a gate, stile or other works for regulating passage through the opening, any stairs or steps for enabling persons to enter on the land or any part thereof, or any bridge, stepping stone or other works for crossing a watercourse, ditch or bog on the land or adjoining the boundary thereof.

68.—(1) If any person contravenes the provisions of sub- Power of local section (1) of the last but one foregoing section, or any such planning restriction as is specified in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of enforcS^ccess the last foregoing section, the local planning authority whose area comprises the land in respect of which the contravention occurred may serve on that person a notice requiring him, within such period as may be specified in the notice, to carry out such work so specified as may appear to the authority to be requisite for remedying the contravention, being work for restoring or re-opening any means of access to the land or for providing new means of access thereto.

(2) If within the period specified in a notice under the last foregoing subsection the person on whom the notice is served fails to comply therewith, the local planning authority may take all necessary steps for carrying out the work specified in

2134

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part V the notice and may recover from that person any expenses

—cont. reasonably incurred by them in carrying it out.

(3) Any person on whom a notice is served under subsection

(1) of this section may, at any time within the period specified in the notice for carrying out the work so specified, complain to a court of summary jurisdiction for the petty sessional division or place within which the land to which the notice relates is situated—

(a) that the period specified as aforesaid is too short;

(b) that the work specified in the notice, or some of that

work, is not requisite for remedying the contravention;

(c) that he has not contravened the provisions or restriction in question; or

(d) that the work specified in the notice, or so much of the work as is requisite for remedying the contravention, has been carried out.

(4) Any summons issued on a complaint under the last foregoing subsection shall be served on the local planning authority.

(5) On any such complaint the court, if satisfied of the grounds of the complaint, may—

(a) extend the period within which the work was required

to be carried out by the notice, or

(b) quash the notice as respects the whole or any part of the work specified therein,

as the nature of the complaint may require; but if not so satisfied shall dismiss the complaint.

(6) The Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall apply to the proceedings on any complaint under this section; and any person aggrieved by the decision of the court on any such complaint may appeal to a court of quarter sessions.

(7) Where a complaint is made to the court under this section, the time between the making of the complaint and the determination thereof, and of any appeal from that determination, shall be disregarded in determining the period within which, in accordance with the notice, the work specified therein is to be carried out.

Suspension of public access to avoid exceptional risk of fire.

69. If, upon application made to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries by any person interested in land comprised in an access agreement or order, or by any other person appearing to the said Minister to have a sufficient interest in the matter, the said Minister is satisfied that, by reason of any exceptional conditions of weather for the time being prevailing, access by the public to the land or any part thereof is likely to result in fires occurring thereon, the said Minister may direct that subsection

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2135

(1) of section sixty of this Act shall not have effect in relation Part V

to the land during such period as may be specified in the —cont.

direction.

70. Where the value of the interest of any person in land Compensation is depreciated in consequence of the coming into operation of for access

an access order, then subject to the following provisions of this orders*

Part of this Act the local planning authority in whose area the land comprised in the order is situated shall pay to that person compensation equal to the amount of the depreciation:

Provided that nothing in this section shall confer on a person a right to compensation for depreciation of an interest in land, being land which is not comprised in the order or if so comprised is excepted land, except if and in so far as either—

(a) it is held with land comprised in the order which is not excepted land, or

(b) the omission of any other person to exclude the public from the land comprised in the order or any part thereof would have been actionable at the suit of the first-mentioned person if the access order had not come into operation.

71. —(1) For the purpose of enabling compensation under Compensation the last foregoing section to be assessed in the light of experience to be assessed gained of the actual effect on land of the coming into operation JJertoffot0 of access orders, any such compensation shall not, save as herein- gve of after provided, be claimed or payable before the expiration of a access, period of five years from the coming into operation of the order

giving rise to the compensation (in this and the next following section referred to as " the relevant order ").

(2) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall be construed as requiring such compensation to be assessed as at a date later than the date of the coming into operation of the relevant order; but in calculating the compensation it shall be assumed that, on a sale at that date of the interest in respect of which the compensation is claimed, the purchaser would have had knowledge—

(a) of the actual effect during the said period, on the land

in which the said interest subsists and the use of that land, of the coming into operation of the relevant order;

(b) of the fact and date of any revocation or variation

during that period of the relevant order;

(c) of the fact and date of any changes during that period,

as respects land comprised in the relevant order, from or to excepted land.

(3) If during the said period of five years the relevant order is revoked, or varied so as to exclude from the operation thereof any land not being excepted land, the foregoing provisions of

2136 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part V this section shall thereupon have effect, so far as concerns any —cont. claim for compensation in respect of the operation of the relevant order as respects the said land, as if for any reference to the said period of five years there were substituted a reference to the period beginning with the coming into operation of the relevant order and ending with the said revocation or variation.

(4) Where at different times within a period of five years two or more parcels of land become comprised in access orders, and any person has an interest in each of those parcels, then, with the consent of every person having an interest in each of the parcels other than the one first so comprised, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in relation to each of the last mentioned parcels with the substitution for any reference to the period of five years from the coming into operation of the order by virtue of which that parcel became so comprised as aforesaid of a reference to a period of five years from the coming into operation of the order by virtue of which the first of the parcels became so comprised.

Claims for 72.—(1) Any person claiming to be entitled to an interest

compensation, ]an(j in respect of the depreciation of which compensation and interest. wj]j become payable under die last but one foregoing section may apply to the local planning authority by whom the compensation will be payable to record his claim; and where an application is duly made under this subsection the authority shall record the claim accordingly in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister.

(2) An application under the last foregoing subsection shall be made in such manner and within such period (not being less than three months) after the date when the relevant order came into operation as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, and shall be accompanied by such particulars of the interest in land in respect of which it is made as may be so prescribed:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise the imposition of any requirement that an applicant under subsection (1) of this section shall state die amount of the compensation.

(3) Within such period as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister (not being less than three months) after the end of the period after which under the last foregoing section compensation may be claimed, any person who has applied under subsection (1) of this section for the recording of a claim to compensation, or any person claiming under him in respect of that compensation, may apply to the local planning authority, in such manner as may be so prescribed, for the payment of the compensation.

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(4) An application under the last foregoing subsection shall state the amount of compensation claimed by the applicant; and regulations of the Minister made for the purposes of this subsection may require the application to be accompanied by such evidence of the title of the applicant to the compensation as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(5) Any compensation , payable under the last but one foregoing section shall become due when, on an application for the payment thereof duly made under subsection (3) of this section, the amount of the compensation has been agreed or, in default of agreement, has been determined in manner hereinafter provided; and any such compensation shall be payable with interest, at such rate as may be so prescribed as aforesaid, from the date on which the relevant order came into operation to the date at which the compensation is paid.

73. —(1) At any time during the period after which, under the last but one foregoing section, compensation may be claimed in respect of the coming into operation of an order, a person claiming to be entitled to such compensation may apply to the local planning authority for a payment on account of the compensation on the ground of special circumstances whereby the postponement of compensation until after the end of the said period will cause him undue hardship; and if the authority are satisfied that such circumstances exist they shall make to him a payment on account of the compensation of such amount as they may determine.

(2) Any person aggrieved by the refusal of a local planning authority to make a payment on account under the last foregoing subsection, or by their determination thereunder of the amount of the payment to be made to him, may appeal to the Minister; and the Minister, after affording to the said person and to the authority an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, may either confirm the decision of the authority or direct that they shall make a payment on account of such amount as appears to the Minister to be just.

74. The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply to waterways in a National Park as those provisions apply to open country.

75. —(1) An access order, whether made in respect of open country or in respect of a waterway, may specify work to be carried out (either at one time or from time to time) on land comprised in the order in the exercise of the powers conferred by section thirteen of this Act.

(2) An authority proposing, in the exercise of the said powers, to carry out any work on land comprised in an access order, whether the work is specified in the order or not, shall give to

2137

Part V

—cont.

Payments on account in cases of special hardship.

Application to waterways in National Parks.

Exercise of powers under s. 13 as respects open country and waterways comprised in access orders.

2138

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part V the owner and occupier of the land not less than fourteen days’ —cont. notice of their intention so to do, specifying the work to be carried out.

(3) Where the work specified in a notice given under the last foregoing subsection is not work specified in the access order, then if before the expiration of the notice the owner or occupier of the land serves notice of objection on the authority, the authority shall not carry out the work except in accordance with the provisions of the two next following subsections.

(4) An authority on whom notice of objection has been served under the last foregoing subsection shall afford to the objector an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by them for the purpose and shall then determine either—

(a) not to carry out the work to which the objection relates, or

(b) to carry out the work, either as originally proposed or with such modifications as the authority may determine,

and shall serve notice of their determination on the objector; and where the authority determine as mentioned in paragraph

(b) of this subsection, they may proceed with the work in accordance with the determination at any time after the expiration of fourteen days from the date on which notice of the determination is served on the objector:

Provided that if the objector serves notice of appeal under the next following subsection the authority shall not proceed with the work except in accordance with the provisions of that subsection.

(5) Any person aggrieved by a determination of an authority under the last foregoing subsection may within the period of fourteen days therein mentioned serve notice of appeal against the determination on the Minister and on the authority; and where notice of appeal is served under this subsection the Minister, after affording to the appellant and to the authority an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose, shall either direct that the authority shall be at liberty to carry out the work (whether as specified in the notice given under subsection (2) of this section or subject to such modifications or conditions as the Minister may think fit) or shall direct the authority not to carry out the work.

(6) Any power conferred by paragraph ( of subsection (4) of this section or by the last foregoing subsection to modify the work specified in a notice given under subsection (2) of this section shall not be exercised so as to affect land not affected by the notice.

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

76. —(1) Where it appears to a local planning authority, as respects any open country in their area, other than excepted land,—

(a) that it is requisite that the public should have access

thereto for open-air recreation; and

(b) that in the circumstances it is expedient that such access

thereto should be secured by the acquisition of the land by the local planning authority,

the authority may acquire the land compulsorily.

In this subsection the expression " excepted land " includes, in relation to any compulsory purchase, land such that if an access agreement or order had been made at the time when the compulsory purchase order was confirmed the land would by virtue of paragraph (d) of subsection 45) of section sixty of this Act have been excepted land for the purposes of the access agreement or order.

(2) Where, in connection with the acquisition of any land under the last foregoing subsection it appears to the local planning authority that the proper exercise of their functions under this section will be substantially prejudiced unless other land surrounded by the first-mentioned land, or contiguous or adjacent thereto, is acquired therewith, the powers conferred by the last foregoing subsection shall extend to the acquisition of that other land.

(3) A local planning authority may carry out on land acquired by them for the purposes of this section, and for the time being held by them for those purposes, such work as they may consider requisite for providing convenient means of access to the land or otherwise for the said purposes.

(4) While land acquired by a local planning authority under this section is held by them for the purposes thereof, it shall be the duty of the authority so to manage the land as to give to the public access for open-air recreation to so much thereof as appears to the authority to be practicable, having regard to the nature of the different parts of the land, to anything done thereon which may result in danger to the public or to persons employed thereon unless public access to the land or to adjoining land is restricted, and to all other relevant circumstances.

77. —(1) Where it appears to the Minister, as respects any open country in a National Park, not being excepted land,—

(a) that it is requisite that the public should have access

thereto for open-air recreation; and

(b) that in the circumstances it is expedient that such access

thereto should be secured by the acquisition of the land by him.

2139

Party

—amt.

Acquisition by local

authorities of land for public access.

Acquisition by Ministers of land for public access.

2140

Ch. 97

Part V

—cont.

Maps of land subject to public access.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, acquire the land by agreement, whether by way of purchase, lease or exchange, or acquire the land compulsorily.

In this subsection the expression " excepted land " includes, in relation to any compulsory purchase, land such that if an access agreement or order had been made at the time when the compulsory purchase order was confirmed the land would by virtue of paragraph (d) of subsection (5) of section sixty of this Act have been excepted land for the purposes, of the access agreement or order.

(2) Subsection (2) of the last foregoing section shall apply, in relation to the acquisition of land under the last foregoing subsection, but with the substitution for references to the local planning authority of references to the Minister.

(3) The provisions of subsections (2) to (4) of section fourteen of this Act shall apply to land acquired by the Minister under this section, with the substitution, for the reference in the said subsection (2) to the accomplishment of the purposes therein mentioned, of a reference to the securing of public access for open-air recreation to so much of the land as appears to the Minister to be practicable, having regard to the matters men* tioned in subsection (4) of the last foregoing section.

(4) Where in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, or that subsection as extended by subsection (2) of this section, the Minister would have power, with the consent of the Treasury, to acquire any land, but it appears to him and to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, having regard to the character of the land, that the land is more suitable for acquisition by the last mentioned Minister, the said power shall be exercisable by the last mentioned Minister.

(5) The Minister or the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, as the case may be, may carry out on land acquired by him for the purposes of this section, and for the time being held by him for those purposes, such work as he may consider requisite for providing convenient means of access to the land or otherwise for the said purposes, or may arrange for any such work to be carried out by persons to whom the land is transferred.

78.—(1) A local planning authority whose area comprises any land—

(a) which is subject to an access agreement or order, or

(b) has been acquired under either of the two last foregoing sections and is for the time being held for the purpose for which it was acquired, *

shall prepare and keep up to date a map, on such scale as may

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97 2141

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, defining in Party such manner as may be so prescribed— —amt.

(i) the land subject to the agreement or order or the land

acquired and held as aforesaid, as the case may be;

(ii) in the case of land subject to such an agreement or

order, any land comprised therein which, in the opinion of the authority, is for the time being excepted land, otherwise than by reason of being agricultural land, and which in their opinion it is practicable to define on the map;

(iii) in the case of land acquired and held as aforesaid, any land comprised therein from which, for the purpose of avoiding danger to the public or to persons employed thereon, or because it is excepted land, or for any other reason, the public are excluded, and which in their opinion it is practicable so to define.

(2) An authority who are required by the last foregoing subsection to prepare and keep up to date any map shall, so long as they are required so to do, have copies of the map available for inspection by the public at such places as the authority may determine; and the authority may, if they think fit, display, at places where the public obtain access to the land to which the map relates—

(a) reproductions of the map on an appropriate scale,

(b) notices specifying any restrictions on access to the land or any part thereof, whether the restrictions have effect by virtue of any of the provisions of this Part of this Act or otherwise.

79.—(1) If, on the submission of an access order to the Min- Provisions as ister for confirmation, a representation or objection is duly to woodlands, made as respects any land—

(a) that the land is used, or about to be brought into use,

for the growing of timber for commercial purposes, and that the use or proposed use of the land as aforesaid will be substantially prejudiced by the application of the provisions of section sixty of this Act to the land, or

(b) that the land is used for the growing of timber so as to

be of value for the amenity of the neighbourhood and that the growth or regeneration of the timber will be substantially prejudiced as aforesaid,

then, subject to the provisions of this section, if the Minister is satisfied that the conditions specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection are fulfilled he shall not confirm the order so as to apply the said provisions to the land.

2142 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside 1949

Part V (2) Where, as respects land comprised in an access agreement, —cont. it is represented to the Minister, and the Minister is satisfied, that the conditions specified in paragraph (a) or of the last foregoing subsection are fulfilled, then subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) the Minister shall notify to the authority by whom the agreement was made the fact that he is satisfied as aforesaid, and thereupon the authority shall vary the agreement so as to exclude the land;

(b) the fact that the agreement is expressed to be irrevocable shall not prevent its variation so as to exclude the land; and

(c> if the concurrence of any party to the agreement other than the said authority, or of the successor in title to his interest, cannot be obtained to the variation of the agreement as aforesaid, the authority may by order made with the approval of the Minister vary the agreement.

(3) Where, as respects land comprised in an access order (whether made by the Minister or by a local authority), it is represented to the Minister, and the Minister is satisfied, that the conditions specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) of this section are fulfilled, then subject to the provisions of this section the Minister shall make an order varying the access order so as to exclude the land.

(4) Before coming to a conclusion on any such representation as is mentioned in the two last foregoing subsections, the Minister shall either cause a local inquiry to be held or afford to the person by whom the representation was made an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, and shall consider the report of the person by whom the inquiry was held or the person appointed as aforesaid, as the case may be.

(5) In determining whether the conditions specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) of this section are fulfilled in the case of any proposed access order, the Minister shall have regard to the provisions of subsection (3) of section sixty of this Act; and references in this section to varying an agreement or order so as to exclude land shall include references to varying an agreement or order by the imposition of such restrictions under the said subsection (3) as may be specified by the Minister as requisite for the purposes of this section.

(6) In this section the expression " timber " includes trees of every description, and also saleable underwood; but notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section those provisions shall not apply where the use or proposed use mentioned in subsection (1) of this section is such that the land is or will become agricultural land.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2143

80*—(1) The authority making an access agreement or order Part V

shall so delimit the land to which the agreement or order applies —cont.

as to exclude all land which, by reason of anything done on Provisions as other land contiguous or adjacent thereto, it appears to the to danger authority expedient to exclude for the purpose of avoiding arcas danger to the public or to persons employed on any of the said land.

(2) Where, while an access agreement or order is in force, the authority by whom the agreement or order was made are satisfied, as respects any land to which the agreement or order applies, that by reason of anything done or proposed to be done on that land or on other land contiguous or adjacent thereto it is expedient for the purpose aforesaid that the first-mentioned land should be excluded from the operation of the agreement or order, the authority shall vary the agreement or order so as to exclude that land.

(3) The fact that an access agreement is expressed to be irrevocable shall not prevent its variation in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection; and where the concurrence of any party to an access agreement other than the said authority, or of the successor in title to his interest, cannot be obtained to the variation of the agreement in pursuance of that subsection, the said authority may by order made with the approval of the Minister vary the agreement.

(4) A local planning authority shall have power, as respects any land to which paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section seventy-eight of this Act applies, or as respects land held by the authority to which paragraph (b) of that subsection applies, to take such steps and carry out such work (including the erection and maintenance of fences or notices) as appear to them requisite for protecting the public from any source of danger on the land or on adjoining land.

(5) Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of subsection (2) of section sixty-six of this Act, the application of section sixty thereof to any land shall not, in relation to any factory, magazine, store or premises already established, constitute the land an open place of resort for the public, or a public place, for the purposes of the Explosives Acts, 1875 and 1923, or any order made or licence granted thereunder.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in the said subsection (2) of section sixty-six of this Act, the application of the said section sixty to any land shall, in relation to any factory, magazine, store or premises subsequently established, constitute the land such a place as aforesaid for the purposes of the said Acts or any such order or licence.

81. A local planning authority shall have power to erect and Boundary maintain notices indicating the boundaries of land comprised in notices, an access agreement or order and of excepted land.

2144

Ch. 97

Part V —con/.

Power of local planning authority to contribute to work carried out by other persons.

Repeal of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 30.

Duty of authorities as respects agriculture and forestry.

General duty of

Commission

to advise on

questions

relating to

natural

beauty.

Information services to be provided by Commission.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

82. A local planning authority shall have power, as respects any land in their area which is subject to an access agreement or order, to defray or contribute towards, or to undertake to defray or contribute towards, expenditure incurred or to be incurred in relation to the land by any person interested therein in taking such steps or carrying out such work as is mentioned in subsection (4) of the last but one foregoing section, or in erecting and maintaining such notices as are mentioned in the last foregoing section.

83. The Accesp to Mountains Act, 1939, is hereby repealed.

Part VI

General, Financial and Supplementary

i

Protection for Agriculture and Forestry

84. In the exercise of their functions under this Act it shall be the duty of the Commission, the Nature Conservancy and local authorities to have due regard to the needs of agriculture and forestry.

General powers and duties of Commission

85. Without prejudice to the duties of the Commission relating to National Parks, it shall be the duty of the. Commission—

(a) to inquire into and report on such questions as may from time to time be referred to them by any Government department, being questions affecting the natural beauty of areas of outstanding natural beauty or other areas or places;

(b)in circumstances where it appears to the Minister and to the Commission desirable that their assistance should be generally available, to inquire into and report on such questions referred to them by any other body of persons or person;

(c) to bring to the attention of the Minister or of local planning authorities the effect on the natural beauty of such areas or places as aforesaid of developments, or developments of any class, which appear to the Commission to be likely to be prejudicial thereto.

86. —(1) It shall be the duty of the Commission to take such steps as appear to them expedient for securing that persons interested—

(a) will be informed of the situation and extent of, and means of access to. National Parks, other areas, being areas of outstanding natural beauty, ajd longdistance routes for which proposals under section fifty-one of this Act have been approved, and the accommodation and facilities available for persons wishing to visit National Parks and such other areas or persons wishing to use such routes;

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(b) will be able to learn about the history, natural features, flora and fauna of National Parks and the objects of architectural or historical interest therein and the opportunities for recreation available therein, and that suitable methods of publicity are used for the prevention of damage in National Parks and such other areas as aforesaid and otherwise for encouraging a proper standard of behaviour on the part of persons visiting National Parks and such other areas; and the said methods shall include the preparation and publication of a code of conduct for the guidance of persons visiting the countryside.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, the Commission may for the purposes thereof procure the production and sale to the public of books, guides and maps, the exhibition of posters and other advertisements, the giving of lectures and the provision and exhibition of cinematograph films.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the steps mentioned in subsection (1) of this section include the making of contributions towards expenses incurred by other bodies of persons.

Areas of outstanding natural beauty

87.—(1) The Commission may, by order made as respects any area in England or Wales, not being*in a National Park, which appears to them to be of such outstanding natural beauty that it is desirable that the provisions of this Act relating to such areas should apply thereto, designate the area for the purposes of this Act as an area of outstanding natural beauty; and references in this Act to such an area shall be construed as references to an area designated under this section.

(2) Where the Commission propose to make an order under this section they shall consult with every local authority whose area includes any part of the area to which the proposed order is to relate, and shall then, before making the order, publish, in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area of every such authority as aforesaid, notice that they propose to make the order, indicating the effect of the order and stating the time within -which and manner in which representations with respect thereto may be made to the Commission, and shall consider any representations duly made.

(3) An order under the last foregoing subsection shall not come into operation unless and until submitted to and confirmed by the Minister, and in submitting any such order to the Minister the Commission shall forward to him any observations made by a local authority consulted in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection and any representations duly made thereunder, other than observations or representations to which effect is given by the order as submitted to the Minister.

2145

Part VI -r-con t.

Designation of areas of outstanding natural beauty.

2146

Part VI

—com.

Application to areas of outstanding natural beauty of provisions relating to National Parks.

Planting of trees and treatment of derelict land.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(4) The Minister may confirm an order submitted to him under this section either as submitted or with such modifications as he thinks expedient

(5) Before refusing to confirm an order under this section, or determining to confirm it with modifications, the Minister shall consult with the Commission and with every local authority whose area includes any land to which the order as submitted, or as proposed to be modified, relates.

(6) In this section the expression " local authority" means a joint planning board, county council, county borough council or county district council.

(7) Without prejudice to the power of the Commission to vary an order under this section, the Minister may by order vary any such order of the Commission; and subsection (2) of this section shall apply to any order of the Minister under this subsection, with the substitution for references to the Commission of references to the Minister.

(8) It shall be the duty of the Commission to secure that copies of any order such as is mentioned in this section shall be available, at the office of the Commission, at the offices of each local authority whose area includes any part of the area to which the order relates, and at such other place or places in or near that area as the Commission may determine, for inspection by the public at all reasonable times.

88.—(1) Paragraphs ( d)and (e) of subsection (4) of section six, section nine, subsection (1) of section sixty-two, subsection (5) of section sixty-four and subsections (5) and (6) of section sixty-five of this Act shall apply in relation to areas of outstanding natural beauty as they apply in relation to National Parks.

(2) Section eleven of this Act, so far as it confers powers for preserving and enhancing natural beauty, shall apply as aforesaid.

General Powers of Local Planning Authorities

89.—(1) A local planning authority may plant trees on land in their area for the purpose of preserving or enhancing the natural beauty thereof.

(2) For the purpose of restoring or improving the appearance of derelict land in their area which in the opinion of the authority is in any way unsightly, a local planning authority may—

(a) plant trees, or

(b) carry out such work or do such other things as appear

to them expedient for that purpose.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Actt 1949

Ch. 97

2147

(3) The powers conferred by this section may be exercised Part VI by an authority either on land belonging to them or with the consent of all persons interested therein on other land; and in relation to such other land the said powers shall include power

to make arrangements whereby the planting or work is carried out, on such terms as may be provided under the arrangements, by a person other than the authority.

(4) The powers conferred by the foregoing provisions of this section do not, as respects any land, include power to do anything which the council of any county, county borough or county district are or can be authorised to do as respects that land by any enactment not contained in this Act; and nothing in the said provisions shall authorise the doing of anything in contravention of any prohibition or restriction having effect under any enactment or rule of law.

(5) A local planning authority may acquire land compulsorily for the purpose of any of their functions under this section.

(6) Where a local planning authority exercise their powers under the foregoing provisions of this section on land not belonging to the authority, the management of the land, so far as relates to anything done by the authority, may be undertaken either by the authority or by a person interested in the land, as may be agreed between the authority and the persons so interested, and on such terms as may be so agreed.

90.—(1) A local planning authority may, as respects land in Local authority their area belonging to them and comprised either in a National Park or area of outstanding natural beauty, or as respects land or a waterway to which the public are given access by an agreement or order, or in consequence of acquisition, under Part V of this Act, make byelaws for the preservation of order, for the prevention of damage to the land or waterway or anything thereon or therein, and for securing that persons resorting thereto will so behave themselves as to avoid undue interference with the enjoyment of the land or waterway by other persons.

12) Where a local authority, not being the local planning authority but being the council of a county, county borough or county district, represent to the Minister that it is expedient as respects any particular proposal to make byelaws relating to land or a waterway in their area that the powers of the local planning authority under this section should be exercised by the said council, the Minister if he thinks fit may after consultation with the local planning authority authorise die powers to be so exercised by the said council.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of this section, byelaws under that subsection—

(a) may prohibit or restrict the use of the land or waterway, either generally or in any manner specified in the byelaws, by traffic of any description so specified;

2148 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part V) (b) may contain provisions prohibiting the depositing of

—com. rubbish and die leaving of litter;

(c) may regulate or prohibit the lighting of fires;

(d) may be made so as to relate either to the whole or to

any part of the land or waterway, and may make different provisions for different parts thereof:

Provided that byelaws made under paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not interfere with the exercise of any public right of way or of any functions of statutory undertakers or of a river board or other drainage authority.

(4) Before making byelaws under the foregoing provisions of this section as respects a National Park or area of outstanding natural beauty, the local authority shall consult with the Commission.

(5) A local planning authority may, as respects parking places provided in pursuance of arrangements made by them under Part II of this Act, make byelaws as to the conditions of use, and charges to be made for the use, of such parking places, and for prohibiting or restricting persons from plying for hire with vehicles at such parking places.

Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as limiting the general power of a local planning authority to make charges for any services or facilities provided by them under this Act.

(6) A county council or county district council shall have power to enforce byelaws made under this section by another authority as respects land in the area of the council.

Default powers 91.—,(1) If a local planning authority, when required by the

of Secretary of State to make, as respects land or a waterway to which the public are given access by an agreement or order, or in consequence of acquisition, under Part V of this Act, byelaws with respect to any of the matters with respect to which they are empowered by the last foregoing section to make byelaws, do not within three months after being so required comply with the requirement to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State, he may himself make byelaws in relation to the matters, and as respects the land or waterway, in question:

Provided that before making byelaws under this section as respects a National Park or area of outstanding natural beauty the Secretary of State shall consult with the Commission.

(2) Any byelaws made by the Secretary of State under this section shall have effect as if they had been made by the local planning authority and confirmed by the Secretary of State, and the provisions of this Act and of any enactment thereby applied shall have effect in relation to the byelaws accordingly.

State as to certain byelaws.

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97 2149

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

92. —(1) A local authority may appoint such number of per- Part VI sons as may appear to the authority to be necessary or expedient —com. to act as wardens as respects any land or waterway in relation Wardens, to which byelaws made by the authority are in force under

the last but one foregoing section, or in relation to which the authority have power to make such byelaws.

(2) The purposes for which wardens may be appointed by an authority under this section as respects any land or waterway are—

(a) to secure compliance with any byelaws made under the

last but one foregoing section;

(b) to advise and assist the public as to any matter for which

byelaws can be made under that section; and

(c) to perform such other duties (if any) in relation to the

land or waterway as the authority may determine.

(3) For the purpose of exercising any function conferred on him by or under this section a warden appointed thereunder may enter upon any land, or go on any waterway, comprised in an access agreement or order in force under Part V of this Act:

Provided that this subsection shall not confer any power of entry on land which is excepted land for the purposes of the said Part V.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, the foregoing provisions of this section shall not authorise a warden appointed by an authority thereunder, on land or a waterway in which any person other than that authority has an interest, without the consent of that person to do anything which apart from this section would be actionable at his suit by virtue of that interest.

93. —(1) Where it appears to the council of a county or county Restriction of

borough, as respects a road in their area, being a road in a °" ds

National Park or in an area of outstanding natural beauty or a 06 1 r road forming part of a long-distance route, that it is expedient

that the use of the road by traffic of any particular description should be restricted on the grounds—

(a) in the case of a road in a National Park or area of

outstanding natural beauty, that the use of the road by traffic of that description would detract from the natural beauty of the Park or area or from the enjoyment thereof by the community* as a whole, and

(b) in the case of a road forming part of a long-distance

route, that the use of the road by such traffic would prejudice the use thereof by persons journeying on foot or on horseback,

the following provisions of this section shall have effect

2150 Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part VI (2) The council shall consider what restrictions appear to them —amt, to be requisite on the grounds mentioned in the last foregoing subsection and shall also consider the extent (if any) to which any such restrictions would interfere with—

(a) the reasonable requirements of members of the public as users of traffic of the description proposed to be restricted;

(b) any reasonable requirements for such traffic to have

access to premises situated on or near the road; and

(c) any other special or local requirements as to the use of

the road by traffic of that description.

(3) If after such consideration as aforesaid the council are of the opinion that it is expedient so to do, the council may make and submit to the Minister of Transport an order imposing, either generally or in such cases or subject to such exceptions as may be specified in the order, such restrictions as may be so specified on the use of the road by traffic of any such description as may be so. specified.

(4) Where, as respects a road in respect of which the council of a county propose to make an order under this section, an authority other than that council are the highway authority, the said council shall consult with the highway authority before

s making the order.

(5) Where, as respects a road in a National Park or area of outstanding natural beauty or a road forming part of a longdistance route, it appears to the Commission desirable that an order under this section should be made in respect of the road, and the council of the county or county borough, as the case may be, have not made the order, the Commission may apply to the Minister of Transport for an order such as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, and the said Minister, after considering the matters specified in subsection (2) of this section, may if he thinks fit make such an order.

(6) Any person who contravenes an order under this section shall be liable on summary conviction, in the case of a first offence under this section, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and, in the case of a second or any subsequent offence thereunder, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(7) Where an order under this section has been made by the Minister of Transport as respects any road, he may give to the highway authority directions as to the exercise by them in relation to the road of their powers under section forty-eight of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 (which provides for the erection of traffic signs); and any directions under this subsection—

(a) may require the traffic signs to be placed in pursuance thereof to be of such size, colour and type as may be

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

specified in the directions, notwithstanding that the size, colour or type may not be one prescribed for the purposes of the said section forty-eight;

(b) shall be enforceable, on the application of the Minister of Transport, by mandamus.

(8) In this section the expression " road" means a highway other than a public path (as defined in Part IV of this Act); and for the purposes of this section a road shall be deemed to form part of a long-distance route if it is certified by the Minister that the road is comprised in a route as to which proposals have been approved by the Minister under the provisions in that behalf of the said Part IV.

94. —(1) An order under subsection (3) of the last foregoing section shall be in such form as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister of Transport or as the said Minister may in any particular case direct.

(2) An order under subsection (3) of the last foregoing section shall not have effect unless confirmed by the Minister of Transport.

(3) Before confirming an order under the said subsection (3) the Minister of Transport shall take into consideration the extent to which the restrictions imposed by the order would interfere with the requirements mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (2) of that section.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing section, the Minister of Transport shall not confirm or make an order restricting the use by traffic of any description of a trunk road or a road classified under the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919, in Class I unless he is satisfied that, having regard to any alternative routes available and to all other circumstances, the imposition of the restriction will not interfere with the reasonable requirements of traffic of the description in question.

(5) The provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the making, confirmation, coming into operation and validity of orders under the last foregoing section.

Financial Provisions

95. —(1) The expenses of the Commission incurred in accordance with proposals approved by the Minister shall be defrayed by the Minister.

(2) The Minister may pay to the officers and servants of the Commission such salaries, wages and allowances as he may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

96. —(1) The Treasury may make grants to the Nature Conservancy in respect of their expenditure, whether incurred under this Act or otherwise.

2151

Part VI —cant.

Supplementary provisions as to orders under s. 93.

Expenses of Commission.

Expenses and accounts of Nature Conservancy.

2152

Part VI

—corn.

Exchequer grants for National Parks and areas of outstanding natural beauty.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(2) As respects each financial year the Nature Conservancy shall prepare accounts of their expenditure in such form as may be directed by the Treasury, and shall submit the accounts to the Treasury at such time as may be so directed.

(3) The Treasury shall, on or before the thirtieth day of November in any year, transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General the accounts prepared by the Nature Conservancy under this section for the financial year last ended.

(4) The Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and certify the accounts of the Nature Conservancy transmitted to him under this section and lay before Parliament copies of the accounts, together with his report thereon.

97.—(1) Provision may be made by regulations made by the Minister with the consent of the Treasury for the payment by the Minister to local authorities of grants of such amounts, and payable in such cases and subject to such conditions, as may be determined by or under the regulations in respect of expenditure incurred by such authorities in the exercise,—

(a) of their powers of erecting buildings or carrying out

work under section twelve or Section thirteen of this Act;

(b) of their powers under section twenty-six of the Act of

1947 (which enables a local planning authority, subject to the payment of compensation in accordance with section twenty-seven of that Act, to secure the discontinuance or modification of uses of land and the alteration or removal of buildings) as respects land in National Parks or areas of outstanding natural beauty;

(c) of their powers as respects such land under subsections

(1) and (2) of section eighty-nine of this Act and under section twenty-eight of the Act of 1947 (which relates to tree preservation);

(d) of the powers conferred on them by this Act, as respects

such land, for the purposes of Part V thereof, other than powers of acquiring land;

(e) of their powers of acquiring such land, whether by

agreement or compulsorily, under any of the provisions of this Act, and of their powers of so acquiring land in the neighbourhood of a National Park for the purposes of section twelve of this Act;

(/) of their powers under section ninety-two of this Act as respects National Parks or areas of outstanding natural beauty.

(2) Grants payable under regulations made for the purposes of this section shall not exceed seventy-five per cent, of the amount of the expenditure in respect of which the grants are made:

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2153

Provided that where expenditure has been incurred in carrying out work under section thirteen of this Act in any particular case where the Minister with the consent of the Treasury determines that this provision shall apply, a grant under this section in respect thereof may be of any amount not exceeding the amount of the expenditure.

(3) Regulations under this section shall provide for the making of recommendations by the Commission as to the making of grants thereunder, and for consultation of the Commission by the Minister where he proposes to make a grant not recommended by the Commission or not to make a grant recommended by them.

(4) Regulations under this section may provide for the payment of grants at different rates to different local authorities according to the general financial position of those authorities respectively.

(5) Where apart from this subsection a grant would be payable both under this section and under section ninety-four of the Act of 1947, no grant shall be payable under that section.

(6) Where, under an agreement made under subsection (2) of section thirteen of this Act, a local planning authority incur expenditure in respect of the erection of buildings or the carrying out of work by another authority, the expenditure shall be treated for the purpose of this section as if it had been incurred in the exercise of the powers mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section.

(7) Where, in consequence of an order made under section twenty-six of the Act of 1947, a purchase notice is served under section nineteen of that Act, then if the interest in respect of which the notice is served is purchased in accordance with the said section nineteen or compensation is payable in respect thereof under subsection (3) of section twenty of that Act, expenditure incurred in the purchase of the interest or the payment of the compensation shall be treated for the purposes of this section as if it were expenditure incurred in the exercise of powers under the said section twenty-six.

98.—(1) Subject to such conditions as the Treasury may determine, the Minister may defray expenditure incurred by a local authority in the payment of compensation or the construction, maintenance or improvement of a way, being expenditure incurred for the purposes of approved proposals relating to a longdistance route.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, the Minister may defray or contribute towards expenditure of a local authority incurred under section fifty-three of this Act or incurred in the exercise of their powers of acquiring land, erecting buildings or carrying out work for the purposes of section fifty-four of this Act.

4 A

Part VI —cont.

Power of Minister to defray expenditure on long-distance routes.

2154

Ch. 97

Part VI — c

Contributions by local authorities.

Payments out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Crown land.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

99. —-(1) A local authority may defray or contribute towards, or undertake to defray or contribute towards, expenditure incurred or to be incurred for the purposes of this Act by any other local authority.

(2) In this section the expression " local authority" means a local planning authority, the council of a county or a county borough not being a local planning authority, or the council of a county district.

(3) Where, under subsection (4) of section thirteen of this Act, the Minister directs that any power of a local planning authority under that section shall be exercisable by another authority, subsection (1) of this section shall apply as if that other authority were a local authority; and if the direction so provides the local planning authority shall be under a duty to exercise their powers under subsection (1) of this section to such extent as may be specified in the direction.

(4) Where, under subsection (1) of section forty-one of this Act, the Minister directs that any power of one local authority shall be exercisable by another, then if the direction so provides the first-mentioned authority shall be under a duty to exercise their powers under subsection (1) of this section to such extent as may be specified in the direction.

(5) Any expenditure incurred under this section by a local planning authority in respect of the erection of buildings or the carrying out of work by any such other authority as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section shall be treated for the purposes of section ninety-seven of this Act as if it were expenditure incurred in the exercise of the powers of the local planning authority mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of the said section ninety-seven.

(6) The council of a county or county borough may defray or contribute towards any expenditure incurred by a river board or other drainage authority, being expenditure incurred for the benefit of a nature reserve managed by or under an agreement with the council or in consequence of anything done in the management of such a reserve.

100. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) the expenses under this Act of the Minister of Town and Country Planning, the Treasury, and the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries;

(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of such moneys under Part I or Part II of the Local Government Act, 1948.

Supplementary Provisions

101. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect for applying certain provisions of this Act to Crown land, that is to say land an interest in which belongs to His Majesty in

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2155

right of the Crown or the Duchy of Lancaster, or to the Duchy Part VI

of Cornwall, and land an interest in which belongs to a Govern- —cont.

ment department or is held in trust for His Majesty for the purposes of a Government department.

(2) A National Park may include Crown land, and with the consent of the appropriate authority the powers conferred by Part II of this Act may be exercised as respects any interest in Crown land.

(3) Where a National Park includes any Crown land, the appropriate authority and the local planning authority in whose area the land is situated may enter into an agreement for securing that, so far as any interest held by or on behalf of the Crown is concerned and so far as may be provided by the agreement, the land will be managed in a manner consistent with the accomplishment of either or both of the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section five of this Act.

(4) The appropriate authority may enter into an agreement under Part III of this Act as respects an interest in Crown land held by or on behalf of the Crown, and an agreement thereunder as respects any other interest in Crown land shall not have effect unless approved by the appropriate authority.

(5) An interest in Crown land, other than one held by or on behalf of the Crown, may be acquired under the said Part III, but only with the consent of the appropriate authority.

(6) Parts IV and V of this Act shall apply to Crown land, but subject to the following modifications, that is to say,—

ia) no public path order, diversion orderi extinguishment order or access order shall be made as respects such land except with the consent of the appropriate authority;

(b) no such land shall be acquired under the said Part IV

or V except with such consent; and

(c) if any land comprised in an access agreement or order,

not being excepted land as defined for the purposes of the said Part V, becomes Crown land while it is so comprised, the access agreement or order shall cease to apply to the land unless the appropriate authority consent to the continued application thereto of the agreement or order.

(7) Section eighty-nine of this Act shall apply to Crown land if the appropriate authority consents to its application thereto, but subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) an interest in Crown land may be acquired for the purposes of the said section eighty-nine only with the consent of the appropriate authority;

4 A 2

2156

Ch. 97

Part VI

—cont.

Power to authorise other local authorities to act in place of local planning authority.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(b) if any land affected by arrangements under subsection (3) of that section or an agreement under subsection (6) thereof becomes Crown land, the arrangements or agreement shall cease to apply to the land unless the appropriate authority consent to the continued application thereto of the arrangements or agreement.

(8) Byelaws made under this Act shall apply to Crown land if the appropriate authority consents to their application thereto.

(9) An order under this Part of this Act restricting traffic on highways shall, save as expressly provided by the order, apply to vehicles and persons in the public service of the Crown.

(10) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) or subsection

(6) of this section—

(a) an agreement authorised by the said subsection (3) and

made by the Commissioners of Crown Lands or by any Government department, or an access agreement so made, shall be of no effect unless it is approved by the Treasury; and

(b) in considering whether to make or approve an agreement authorised by the said subsection (3), or an access agreement, relating to land belonging to a Government department or held in trust for His Majesty for the purposes of a Government department, the department and the Treasury shall have regard to the purposes for which the land is held by or for the department.

(11) In this section the expression " the appropriate authority ", in relation to any land, means—

(a) in the case of land belonging to His Majesty in right of ffie Crown, the Commissioners of Crown Lands or other Government department having the management of the land in question;

(b) in the case of land belonging to His Majesty in right

of the Duchy of Lancaster, the Chancellor of the Duchy;

(c) in the case of land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall,

such person as the Duke of Cornwall or the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall appoints;

(d) in the case of land belonging to a Government depart-

ment or held in trust for His Majesty for the purposes of a Government department, that department; and if any question arises under this section as to what authority is the appropriate authority in relation to any land, that question shall be referred to the Treasury, whose decision shall be final.

102.—(1) Where it is represented to a local planning authority by any other local authority that it is expedient in any particular case that any of the powers of the local planning authority under the provisions of this Act relating to National Parks or areas of outstanding natural , beauty or under the provisions of

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside 1949

Ch. 97

2157

Part V or of section eighty-nine of this Act should be exercised Part VI

by the said other local authority, and the local planning —cont.

authority agree, the power shall be exercisable in that case by the said other local authority:

Provided that before agreeing as aforesaid to the exercise by the said other local authority of any of the said powers in relation to a National Park, or to land in a National Park, the local planning authority shall consult with the Commission.

(2) Where under the last foregoing subsection a local planning authority and any such other local authority as aforesaid are unable to agree as to the exercise of any power, the other local authority may refer the difference to the Minister; and the Minister, after consultation with the local planning authority, may if he thinks fit direct that in the case in question the said power shall be exercisable by the other local authority.

(3) So far as is necessary for giving effect to any agreement or direction under this section, references in this Act to local planning authority shall be construed as references to the said other local authority.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection, where in pursuance of an agreement or direction under this section a local authority have acquired any land in a National Park or area of outstanding natural beauty, or have made an access agreement or order as respects any land or acquired any land under Part V of this Act, subsections (1) and (2) of section ninety of this Act shall apply as if the said other local authority were the local planning authority.

(5) Section thirty-four of the Act of 1947 (which provides for the delegation of functions under Part III of that Act) shall apply to functions under this Act relating to the matters specified in subsection (1) of this section; and, without prejudice to any power of variation or revocation, the coming into operation of this Act shall not affect any delegation under the said section thirty-four in force at the commencement of this Act:

Provided that this subsection shall not authorise a local planning authority to delegate any of their functions under this Act, being functions relating to a National Park or to land in a National Park, except after consultation with the Commission.

(6) In this section the expression " local authority" means a local planning authority, the council of a county or county borough, not being a local planning authority, or the council of a county district.

103.—(1) Any power conferred by this Act on the Nature General Conservancy or a local authority to acquire land compulsorily provisions as shall be exercisable in any particular case on their being ion

authorised so to do by the Minister.

2158

Part VI

—cont.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(2) In relation to the compulsory acquisition of land under this Act by the Nature Conservancy or a local authority, the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, shall apply as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act and as if in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one thereof, in Part I of the First Schedule thereto and in the Second Schedule thereto references to a local authority included references to the Nature Conservancy:

Provided that section two of the said Act (which confers temporary powers for the speedy acquisition of land in urgent cases) shall not apply to any such compulsory acquisition as* is mentioned in this subsection.

(3) The Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall apply to the Nature Conservancy as it applies to a Government department.

(4) In relation to the compulsory acquisition of land under this Act by the Minister or the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, the said Act of 1946 shall apply as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act and as if paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one thereof included a reference to any compulsory purchase by either of the said Ministers under this Act.

(5) The following provision shall have effect, in relation to the acquisition of land under this Act, in substitution for section one hundred and fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which provides for the acquisition of land by local authorities by agreement for the purposes of their functions), that is to say, a local authority may with the consent of the Minister by agreement acquire, whether by way of purchase, lease or exchange, any land, whether within or without the area of the local authority, which they require for the purpose of any of their functions under this Act or any other land which they may be authorised under this Act to acquire compulsorily.

(6) In this section, and in any enactment in this Act which confers a power to acquire land compulsorily, the expression " land " includes any interest in land; and the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts incorporated with this Act by virtue of paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, as applied by subsections

(2) and (4) of this section, shall apply with the necessary modifications in relation to the compulsory acquisition of any interest in land, being an interest not falling within the definition of "lands " contained in the Lands Clauses Acts.

(7) In the application of this section to Scotland there shall be substituted, for references to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, and to section one hundred

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2159

and fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1933, respec- Part VI tively, references to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947, and to section one hundred and fifty-six of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, and in subsection (5) there shall be substituted for the words "whether by way of purchase, lease or exchange" the words "whether by way of purchase, feu, lease or excambion and subsection (4) shall not apply.

104.—.(1) The following provisions of this section shall have General effect with respect to the disposal or appropriation by any local provisions as to authority of land which has been acquired by them under this and^Soosal^f

Act or appropriated by them for purposes for which land can iancj. 1,0

be acquired under this Act, and is for the time being held by the authority for the purposes for which it was acquired or appropriated.

(2) Subject to the provisions of subsections (5) and (6) of this section,—

(a) where any such land was acquired or appropriated by

the authority for a purpose involving the disposal thereof by the authority or for a purpose which in the opinion of the authority can best be achieved by the disposal thereof, or which can be achieved con-

sistently with the disposal thereof, they may dispose of the land to such person, in such manner

and subject to such conditions as may appear to the authority to be expedient in order to secure that the land will be best dealt with having regard to the purpose for which it was acquired;

(b) where any such land is no longer required for the pur-

pose for which it is held, the authority may dispose thereof to such person, in such manner and subject to such conditions as may appear to the authority to be expedient, having regard to the nature and situation of the land, in order to secure the best use of the land.

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (5) of this section, the authority may appropriate any such land, where the land is no longer required for the purpose for which it is held, for any other purpose for which the authority are or may be authorised in any capacity to acquire land under this Act or by or under any other enactment.

(4) In relation to an appropriation under the last foregoing subsection, subsections (2) and (3) of section one hundred and sixty-three of the Local Government Act, 1933, and subsections

(2) and (3) of section one hundred and six of the London Government Act, 1939 (which relate to the operation of section sixty-eight of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and to adjustments in accounts) shall have effect as they have effect in relation to appropriations under those sections respectively.

2160

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Part VI (5) The consent of the Minister shall be requisite to any dis-

—cont. posal or appropriation of land by a local authority under this

section, and may be given as respects either a particular disposal or appropriation or disposals or appropriations of any class, and either subject to or free from any conditions or limitations.

(6) The consent of the Minister to a sale by a local authority under this section of the freehold in any land, or to a lease by them thereunder of any land for a term of more than ninety-nine years, shall not be given unless he is satisfied that there are exceptional circumstances which render the disposal of the land in that manner expedient as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section.

(7) If it appears to the Minister that it is expedient as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section that a local authority should dispose of land under this section to any person and the authority have refused to dispose of it to him or are unable to reach agreement with him as to the manner in which or the terms or conditions on or subject to which it is to be disposed of to him, the Minister may, after consultation with the authority and that person, require the authority to offer to dispose of it to him, and give directions as to the manner of the disposal and as to all or any of the terms or conditions on or subject to which it is to be offered to him:

Provided that the authority shall not be required by any such directions to offer to dispose of land for a money consideration less than the best that can reasonably be obtained, having regard to the other terms and conditions on and subject to which the offer is to be made, so, however, that in estimating the best consideration any amount which only a particular purchaser might be prepared to offer by reason of special needs of his shall be disregarded.

(8) Any difference arising under the proviso to the last foregoing subsection as to what is the best consideration shall be determined in such manner as the Minister may by order provide.

(9) In this section references to disposal of land shall be construed as references to disposal thereof in any manner (otherwise than by appropriation) whether by way of sale, exchange or lease, by the creation of any easement, right or privilege, or in any other manner, except disposal by way of gift, mortgage or charge.

(10) In relation to any such land as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, this section shall have effect to the exclusion of the provisions of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-three and sections one hundred and sixty-four and one hundred and sixty-five of the Local Government

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2161

Act, 1933, or of subsection (1) of section one hundred and six Part VI and sections one hundred and seven and one hundred and eight — of the London Government Act, 1939, or of sections one hundred and sixty-three, one hundred and sixty-five, one hundred and sixty-six and one hundred and sixty-seven of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947.

(11) Section one hundred and sixty-six of the Local Government Act, 1933, and section one hundred and nine of the London Government Act, 1939 (which relate to the application of capital money received from the disposal of land), and section one hundred and sixty-eight of the Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1947 (so far as it relates to the application of such money), shall have effect as respects capital money received in respect of transactions under the provisions of this section relating to the disposal of land as they have effect as respects capital money received in respect of such transactions as are mentioned in those sections respectively.

(12) In the application of this section to Scotland, the following provision shall be substituted for subsection (4) of this section, that is to say—

" (4) On any appropriation being made under the last foregoing subsection proper adjustments in respect thereof shall be made in the accounts of the authority ", and the following provision shall be substituted for subsection

(9) of this section, that is to say—

" (9) In this section references to disposal of land shall be construed as references to disposal thereof in any manner (otherwise than by appropriation), whether by way of sale, feu, excambion or lease, by the creation of any servitude, right or privilege, or in any other manner except disposal by way of gift or in security "; and subsections (6), (7) and (8) shall be omitted.

105.—(1) If the Minister is satisfied, after holding a local Default powers

(a) that a local planning authority have failed to exercise National

any of their powers under the provisions of this Act Parks, areas of relating to National Parks or to areas of outstanding outstanding natural beauty, or and"*1 beauty

(b) that any authority have failed to exercise any of their iong-distance

powers under the enactments relating to highways or routes, under Part IV of this Act, being powers for giving effect to approved proposals relating to a long-distance route,

and the Minister is of opinion, after consultation with the Commission, that the authority ought to have exercised the powers in question, the Minister may by order require the authority—

(i) to exercise the said powers;

inquiry,—

of Minister as respects

4 A*

2162

Ch. 97

Part VI

—cont.

Supplementary provisions as to byelaws.

Supplementary provisions as to compensation under ss. 20, 46 and 70.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(ii) if it is necessary for the exercise thereof that the authority should acquire any land, to acquire the land necessary for the purpose or the land specified in the order, as may be provided by the order, and on the acquisition thereof to exercise the power in question.

(2) Any order under the last foregoing subsection shall be enforceable, on the application of the Minister, by mandamus.

106. —(1) Sections two hundred and fifty to two hundred and fifty-two of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relate to the procedure for making byelaws, authorise byelaws to impose fines not exceeding five pounds, and provide for the proof of byelaws in legal proceedings) shall apply to all byelaws under this Act as if any authority having power to make them were a local authority within the meaning of the said Act of 1933, so, however, that in relation to byelaws made by the Nature Conservancy the said sections shall apply subject to such adaptations as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State.

(2) In relation to byelaws made under this Act the confirming authority for the purposes of the said section two hundred and fifty shall be the Secretary of State.

(3) Any authority having power under this Act to make byelaws shall have power to enforce byelaws made by them.

(4) The following provisions shall have effect in the application of this section to Scotland: —

(a) for references to the Local Government Act, 1933, and

to sections two hundred and fifty to two hundred and fifty-two thereof there shall be substituted references to the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, and to sections three hundred and one to three hundred and three thereof; and

(b) nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall be construed as authorising any such authority as is mentioned therein to institute proceedings in Scotland for an offence.

107. —(1) The following provisions shall have effect as to compensation under section twenty of this Act, under that section as applied by section twenty-one thereof, under section forty-six thereof, and under section seventy thereof.

(2) Any dispute arising on a claim for any such compensation shall be determined by the Lands Tribunal.

(3) For the purposes of any reference to the Lands Tribunal under the last foregoing subsection, section five of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919 (which relates

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2163

to costs) shall have effect with the substitution, for references to the acquiring authority, of references to the authority from whom the compensation in question is claimed.

(4) Rules 2 to 4 of the Rules set out in section two of the said Act of 1919 (which provides rules for valuation on a compulsory acquisition) shall apply to the calculation of any such compensation, in so far as it is calculated by reference to the depredation of the value of an interest in land.

(5) In the case of an interest in land subject to a mortgage—

(a) any such compensation in respect of the depredation of

that interest shall be calculated as if the interest were not subject to the mortgage;

(b) a claim or application for the payment of any such com-

pensation, or ,an application for the recording of a claim in respect of the interest under subsection (1) of section seventy-two of this Act, may be made by any person who when the byelaws or order giving rise to the compensation were or was made was the mortgagee of the interest, or by any person claiming under such a person, but without prejudice to the making of a claim or application by any other person;

(c) a mortgagee shall not be entitled to any such compensation in respect of his interest as such; and

(d) any compensation payable in respect of the interest subject to the mortgage shall be paid to the mortgagee or, where there is more than one mortgagee, to the first mortgagee, and shall in either case be applied by him as if it were proceeds of sale.

(6) This section shall apply to Scotland—

(a) with the substitution for any reference to the Lands

Tribunal of a reference to the Lands Tribunal for Scotland; and

(b) with the substitution respectively for any reference to a

mortgage, to a mortgagee, and to the first mortgagee, of a reference to a heritable security, to the creditor in a heritable security, and to the creditor whose heritable security has priority over any other heritable securities secured on the land:

Provided that until sections one to three of the Lands Tribunal Act, 1949, come into force as respects Scotland the expression " the Lands Tribunal for Scotland " in subsection (2) of this section shall be construed as meaning an official arbiter appointed under the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and the following provisions of the said Act of 1919, that is to say, section three thereof (which relates to procedure), section five thereof (which relates to costs) as modified by sections

4 A* 2

Part Vf

—coni

2164

Part VI

—cont.

Powers of entry.

Application of provisions of Act of 1947 as to inquiries and service of notices.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

five and ten of the said Act of 1949, but with the substitution for references to the acquiring authority of references to the authority from whom the compensation in question is claimed, and section six thereof (which relates to the statement of special cases) as modified by section ten of the said Act of 1949, shall apply for the purposes of the arbitration.

108. —(1) For the purpose of surveying land in connection with—

(a) the acquisition thereof or of any interest therein,

whether by agreement or compulsorily,

(b) the making of a public path order, diversion order or

extinguishment order with respect thereto, or

(c) the making of an access order with respect thereto,

in the exercise of any power conferred by this Act, any person duly authorised in writing by the Minister or other authority having power so to acquire the land or to make the order, as the case may be, may enter upon the land.

(2) For the purpose of surveying land, or of estimating its value, in connection with any claim for compensation payable under this Act by a Minister or other authority in respect of that or any other land, any person being an officer of the Valuation Office or a person duly authorised in writing by the authority from whom the compensation is claimed may enter upon the land.

(3) A person authorised under this section to enter upon any land shall, if so required, produce evidence of his authority before entering; and a person shall not under this section demand admission as of right to any land which is occupied unless at least seven days* notice in writing of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(4) Any person who wilfully obstructs a person in the exercise of his powers under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

109. —(1) Section one hundred and four of the Act of 1947 (which provides for the holding by the Minister of local inquiries for the purposes of that Act) shall apply for the purposes of this Act.

(2) Section one hundred and five of the Act of 1947 and section one hundred and one of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which provide for the service of notices and other documents) shall apply to notices and other documents required or authorised to be served or given under this Act :

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to the service of any notice required or authorised to be served under the First

1949

National Parks and Ch. 97 2165

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 '

Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Part VI Act, 1946, or the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) —com. (Scotland) Act, 1947, as applied by this Act.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to Scotland.

110. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations Regulations

shall be exercisable by statutory instrument. and orders.

(2) Any order under Part IV, V or VI of this Act may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in the like manner and subject to the like provisions:

Provided that, without prejudice to the making of a new access order under Part V of this Act, an access order under the said Part V shall not be varied so as to comprise land not comprised in the original order.

(3) Any regulations made under this Act shall be subject to annulment by a resolution of either House of Parliament.

111. —(1) The Minister may, after consultation with the Coun- Application to cil of the Isles of Scilly, by order provide for the application lsles of Sc,11y-of this Act to the Isles of Scilly as if those Isles were a separate

county; and any such order may provide for the application of this Act to those Isles subject to such modifications, or to the exception of such Parts or provisions thereof, as may be specified in the order.

(2) The power to make orders conferred by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

112. —(1) The provisions of this Act mentioned in the next Epping Forest following subsection shall not apply to any of the lands under and Burnham the regulation and management of the Corporation of London Beeches-

as Conservators of Epping Forest, or acquired by, and vested in, that Corporation under the Corporation of London (Open Spaces) Act, 1878, in the area known as Burnham Beeches.

(2) The said provisions are Part II of this Act, Part V thereof, and sections eighty-seven to ninety-four thereof.

113. No power conferred by Part V or Part VI of this Act to National acquire land compulsorily shall be exercisable in respect of land Trust land belonging to the National Trust which is held by the Trust inalienably.

114. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the mean- interpretation, ings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say—

"Act of 1947" means the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947;

2166

Ch. 97

Part VI

—cont.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

" area of outstanding natural beauty " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section eighty-seven of this Act;

" drainage authority " has the same meaning as in the Land Drainage Act, 1930;

" interest ", in relation to land, includes any estate in land and any right over land, whether the right is exercisable by virtue of the ownership of an interest in land or by virtue of a licence or agreement, and in particular includes sporting rights;

" land " includes land covered by water and as respects Scotland includes salmon fishings;

" the Minister " as respects England and Wales means the Minister of Town and Country Planning, and as respects Scotland means the Secretary of State;

" National Park " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section five of this Act;

" open-air recreation " does not include organized games;

" owner ", in relation to any land, means, except in Part III of this Act, a person, other than a mortgagee not in possession, who, whether in his own right or as trustee or agent for any other person, is entitled to receive the rack rent of the land or, where the land is not let at a rack rent, would be so entitled if it were so let, and, in Part III of this Act, as respects England and Wales means any person being either entitled to the fee simple or being a mortgagee in possession of the land and as respects Scotland has the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-six of this Act;

" river board " has the same meaning as in the River Boards Act, 1948;

"vehicle" does not include a vessel, except any vessel adapted for use on land while it is being so used;

" waterway" means any lake, river, canal or other waters, being (in any case) waters suitable, or which can reasonably be rendered suitable, for sailing, boating, bathing or fishing;

and, except where the context otherwise requires, other expressions have the same meanings respectively as in the Act of 1947 or, in their application to Scotland, as in the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947.

(2) References in this Act to the preservation of the natural beauty of an area shall be construed as including references to the preservation of the characteristic natural features, flora and fauna thereof.

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97 2167

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(3) References in this Act to the planting of trees shall be Part VI construed as including references to the planting of bushes, the —corn. planting or sowing of flowers and the sowing of grass and the

laying of turf.

(4) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment including this Act.

115.—(1) This Act may be cited as the National Parks and Short title Access to the Countryside Act, 1949. and extent-

(2) This Act, except Part III thereof and so much of this Part thereof as relates to the said Part III, shall not extend to Scotland; and this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Provisions as to Making, Confirmation, Coming into Operation and Validity of certain Instruments

Part I

Orders designating National Parks, Public Path , Diversion Orders and Extinguishment , and Access Orders

1.—(1) Before—

(a) an order designating a National Park,

(i b) a public path order, diversion order or extinguishment order, or

(c) an access order,

is submitted to the Minister for confirmation, the authority by whom the order was made shall give notice in the prescribed form stating the effect of the order and that it has been made and is about to be submitted for confirmation, naming places in the locality to which the order relates where copies of the order and of the map referred to therein may be inspected, and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to the order may be made.

(2) Before the Minister makes an order varying an order designating a National Park, or makes a public path order, diversion order or extinguishment order or an access order, he shall prepare a draft of the order and shall give notice stating that he proposes to make the order and the effect thereof, naming places in the locality to which the draft relates where a copy of the draft and of the map referred to therein may be inspected, and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to the draft may be made.

2168

1st Sch. —cont.

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(3) The notice to be given under either of the two foregoing sub-paragraphs shall be given—

(a) in the case of an order designating a National Park or an order varying such an order, by publication in the London Gazette, in two newspapers circulating in the country generally and in at least one local newspaper circulating in the area of every local planning authority whose area includes any of the land to which the order relates;

(b) in the case of a public path order or an access order, by publication in the London Gazette and in at least one local newspaper circulating in the locality in which the land to which the order relates is situated, and by serving a like notice on every owner, lessee and occupier (except tenants for a month or any period less than a month) of any of that land, so however that—

(i) except in the case of an owner, lessee or occupier being a local authority or statutory undertakers, the Minister may in any particular case direct that it shall not be necessary to serve notice as aforesaid; but

(ii) if the Minister so directs in the case of any land, then in addition to publication the notice shall be addressed to " the owners and any occupiers " of the land (describing it) and a copy or copies of it shall be affixed to some conspicuous object or objects on the land;

(c) in the case of a diversion order or an extinguishment order, by publication and the service of notices as mentioned in head (b) of this sub-paragraph and also—

(i) by serving such a notice as is therein mentioned on the council of every county, county borough, county district or parish, and the parish meeting of every rural parish not having a separate parish council, being a county, borough, district or parish which includes any of the land to which the order relates; and

(ii) by causing a copy of the notice to be displayed in a prominent position at the ends of so much of any public path as is to be diverted or stopped up by virtue of the order.

(4) Where under this paragraph any notice is required to be served on an owner of land and the land belongs to an ecclesiastical benefice, a like notice shall be served on the Church Commissioners.

2.—(1) If no representations or objections are duly made, or if any so made are withdrawn, the Minister may, if he thinks fit, confirm or make the order, as the case may be, with or without modifications.

(2) If any representation or objection duly made is not withdrawn, the Minister shall, before confirming or making the order, as the case may be, if the objection is made by a local authority cause a local inquiry to be held and in any other case either—

(a) cause a local inquiry to be held, or

1949 National Parks and Ch. 97

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(b) afford to any person by whom any representation or objection has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose,

and, after considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry or to hear representations or objections, may confirm or make the order, as the case may be, with or without modifications:

Provided that in the case of a public path order or diversion order, if objection is made by statutory undertakers on the ground that the order provides for the creation of a public right of way over land covered by works used for the purposes of their undertaking or the curtilage of such land, and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Minister shall not confirm or make an order so as to affect land not affected by the order as submitted to him or the draft order prepared by him, as the case may be, except after—

(a) giving such notice as appears to him requisite of his proposal so to modify the order, specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which and manner in which representations or objections with respect to the proposal may be made;

(b) holding a local inquiry or affording to any person by whom any representation or objection has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose; and

(c) considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry or to hear representations or objections, as the case may be,

and, in the case of a public path order or diversion order, if objection is made by statutory undertakers on the ground that the order as modified would provide for the creation of a public right of way over land covered by works used for the purposes of their undertaking or the curtilage of such land, and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(4) Where, in the case of an access order, it is represented by the persons carrying on a statutory undertaking, being a water undertaking, that any land comprised in the order as submitted to the Minister or in the draft order prepared by him, as the case may be (or, where notice of a proposed modification has been given under head (a) of the last foregoing sub-paragraph, any land to which the proposed modification relates), should be excluded from the operation of the order on the ground that by reason of—

(a) the proximity of the land to any reservoir used for the purposes of the undertaking, or

(b) any other physical factor affecting the flow of water from the land into any. such reservoir,

the operation of section sixty of this Act as respects that land would be likely to involve danger to the purity of the water supply which could not be prevented by the taking of any reasonable measures.

* 2169

1st Sch. —cont.

2170

Ch. 97

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

1st Sch. sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, or head (c) of the last foregoing — cont. sub-paragraph, as the case may be, shall have effect in relation to that representation as if it provided for the consideration of the report therein referred to by tho Minister and the Minister of Health acting jointly.

(5) If, as the result of any representations or objections considered, or inquiry or other hearing held, in connection with the confirmation of an order designating a National Park or the making of an order varying such an order, the Minister is of opinion that the Commission, a local planning authority or any other person ought to be consulted before he decides whether to confirm or make the order either with or without modifications, he shall consult the Commission, authority or other person but, subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph, shall not be under any obligation to consult any other person, or to afford any opportunity for further representations or objections or to cause any further inquiry or other hearing to be held.

3. As soon as may be after any such order as is mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule has been confirmed or made by the Minister, the authority by whom the order was made, or, in the case of an order made by the Minister, the Minister, shall publish, in the manner required in relation to the class of order in question by sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, a notice in the prescribed form describing the effect of the order, stating that it has been confirmed or made, and naming a place where a copy thereof as confirmed or made may be inspected at all reasonable hours, and—

(a) where under the said sub-paragraph (3) notice was required to be served, shall serve a like notice and a copy of the order as confirmed or made on any persons on whom notices were required to be served under that sub-paragraph or under sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule; and

(b) where under the said sub-paragraph (3) a notice was required to be displayed, shall cause a like notice to be displayed in the like manner as the notice required to be displayed under that sub-paragraph:

Provided that no such notice or copy need be served on a person unless he has sent to the authority or Minister (according as the notice or copy would require to be served by an authority or by the Minister) a request in writing in that behalf specifying an address for service.

4. —(1) The Minister may, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, by regulations make such provision as to the procedure on the submission and confirmation of orders to which this Part of this Schedule applies as appears to him to be expedient.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations of the Minister for enabling proceedings preliminary to the confirmation of an extinguishment order to be taken concurrently with proceedings preliminary to the confirmation of a public path order or diversion order.

(3) In this Part of this Schedule the expression " prescribedM means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister.

1949

Ch. 97

2171

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

1st Sch. —cont.

(2) The notice to be given under the last foregoing sub-paragraph shall be given by publication in the London Gazette and in at least one local newspaper circulating in the locality in which the highway to which the order relates is situated.

(3) If no representations or objections are duly made under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, or if all representations or objections so made are withdrawn, the Minister of Transport may, if he thinks fit, confirm the order with or without modifications.

(4) If any representation or objection duly made is not withdrawn, the said Minister may, and if the objection or representation was made by the highway authority shall, cause a local inquiry to be held, and after considering the representation or objection and, if such an inquiry is held, the report of the person appointed to hold it, may confirm the order with or without modifications.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the said Minister shall not confirm an order under subsection (3) of section ninety-three of this Act with such modifications as to make the restrictions thereby imposed less stringent than those imposed by the order as. submitted except after consultation with the authority by whom the order was made; and the said Minister shall not confirm such an order with such modifications as to make the said restrictions more stringent than those imposed as aforesaid except after—

(a) giving such notice as appears to him requisite of his proposal so to modify the order;

(b) if he thinks fit, holding a local inquiry or affording to any person by whom any representation or objection has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose; and

(c) considering the report of any person appointed under this

sub-paragraph to hold an inquiry or to hear representations or objections, as the case may be.

(6) As soon as may be after any such order as aforesaid has been confirmed, the authority by whom the order was made shall publish, in such manner as may be prescribed, notice of the fact that the order has been confirmed and of its effect, and naming a place where a copy thereof as confirmed may be inspected at all reasonable hours.

6.—(1) Before the Minister of Transport makes an order under subsection (5) of section ninety-three of this Act he shall prepare a

Part II

Orders Restricting Traffic on certain Roads

5.—(1) Before an order under subsection (3) of section ninety-three, of this Act is submitted to the Minister of Transport for confirmation, the authority by whom the order was made shall give notice in the prescribed form stating the effect of the order and that it has been made and is about to be submitted for confirmation, naming places in the locality to which the order relates where copies of the order may be inspected, and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to the order may be made.

2172

1st Sch. —

Ch. 97 National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

draft of the order and shall give notice, in the manner specified in sub-paragraph (2) of the last foregoing paragraph, stating that he proposes to make the order and the effect thereof, naming places in the locality to which the order relates where copies of the draft order may be inspected, and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to the draft order may be made.

(2) Sub-paragraphs (3), (4) and (6) of the last foregoing paragraph shall apply in relation to the making of an order under subsection (5) of section ninety-three of this Act, but subject to the following modifications:—

(a) for references to the last foregoing paragraph and to the confirming of an order there shall be substituted respectively references to this paragraph and to the making of an order;

• (b) the reference in the said sub-paragraph (4) to the highway authority shall include a reference to the county or county borough council where that council is not the highway authority; and

(c) if any representation or objection duly made by the highway authority or the county or county borough council is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

7.—-(1) The Minister of Transport may, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, by regulations make such provision as to the procedure on the submission and confirmation of orders to which this Part of this Schedule applies as appears to him to be expedient.

(2) In this Part of this Schedule the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister of Transport.

Part III

Provisions as to validity of orders, and of certain maps and statements prepared under Part IV of this Act

8. If any person desires to question the validity of an order to which Part I or Part II of this Schedule applies on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act, or on the ground that any requirement of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder has not been complied with in relation to the making or confirmation of the order, he may, within six weeks after the date of publication of notice of the confirmation or making of the order in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Schedule in that behalf, make an application to the High Court; and on any such application the court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order, either generally or in so far as it affects the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(b) if satisfied that the order is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by a failure to comply with any such requirement as aforesaid, may quash the order either generally or in so far as it affects the applicant.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97

2173

9. —(1) If any person desires to question the validity of a definitive 1st Sch.

map prepared under Part IV of this Act on the ground that the map —cont.

is not within the powers of this Act, or on the ground that any requirement of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder has not been complied with in relation to the preparation of the map, or of any draft

or provisional map on which that map is based, he may, within six weeks after the date of publication of notice of the preparation of the map in accordance with the provisions of the said Part IV in that behalf, make an application to the High Court; and on any such application the court, if satisfied that the map is not within the powers of this Act, or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by a failure to comply with any such requirement as aforesaid, may make an order declaring that, notwithstanding anything contained in the said Part IV, the definitive map shall not be conclusive evidence of any such matter as may be specified in the order.

(2) References in this paragraph to a definitive map, or to a draft or provisional map, shall be construed as including references to a revised map prepared in definitive form, or to a revised map prepared in draft or provisional form, as the case may be; references therein to a map shall be construed as including references to any statement required by the provisions of Part IV of this Act to be annexed to the map; and for the purposes of this paragraph a map shall be deemed to be based on another map if the particulars contained in the former map are required by the said provisions to be the particulars contained in the latter map as modified in accordance with those provisions.

10. Subject to the provisions of the two last foregoing paragraphs, an order, map, or statement to which either of those paragraphs applies shall not, either before or after it has been confirmed, made or prepared, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever, and any such order map or statement shall become operative on the date on which notice of the confirmation, making or preparation thereof is published as mentioned in those paragraphs respectively.

11. Paragraphs 8 and 10 of this Schedule shall not apply to an order which is confirmed by Act of Parliament under section six of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, and shall have effect in relation to any other order which is subject to special parliamentary procedure by virtue of paragraph 2 or 6 of this Schedule as if for the reference in the said paragraph 10 to the date therein mentioned there were substituted a reference to the date on which the order becomes operative under the said Act.

General Restrictions to be observed by Persons

HAVING ACCESS TO OPEN COUNTRY OR WATERWAYS BY VIRTUE OF PART V OF ACT

1. Subsection (1) of section sixty of this Act shall not apply to -a person who, in or upon the land in question,—

(o) drives or rides any vehicle;

(i b) lights any fire or does any act which is likely to cause a fire;

SECOND SCHEDULE

Section 60.

2174

Ch. 97

2nd Sch. —corn.

National Parks and 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(c) takes, or allows to enter or remain, any dog not under proper control;

(d) wilfully kills, takes, molests or disturbs any animal, bird or fish or takes or injures any eggs or nests;

(e) bathes in any non-tidal water in contravention of a notice displayed near the water prohibiting bathing, being a notice displayed, and purporting to be displayed, with the approval of the local planning authority;

(/) engages in any operations of or connected with hunting, shooting, fishing, snaring, taking or destroying of animals, birds or fish, or brings or has any engine, instrument or apparatus used for hunting, shooting, fishing, snaring, taking or destroying animals, birds or fish;

(g) wilfully damages the land or anything thereon or therein;

(h) wilfully injures, removes or destroys any plant, shrub, tree or

root or- any part thereof;

(/) obstructs the flow of any drain or watercourse, opens, shuts or otherwise interferes with any sluice-gate or other apparatus, breaks through any hedge, fence or wall, or neglects to shut any gate or to fasten it if any means of so doing is provided;

(j) affixes or writes any advertisement, bill, placard or notice;

(k) deposits any rubbish or leaves any litter;

(l) engages in riotous, disorderly or indecent conduct;

(m) wantonly disturbs, annoys or obstructs any person engaged in any lawful occupation;

(n) holds any political meeting or delivers any political address; or

(o) hinders or obstructs any person interested in the land, or any

person acting under his authority, in the exercise of any right or power vested in him.

2. In the application of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to waterways,—

(a) for references to land there shall be substituted references to

a waterway;

(b) sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall not apply; and

(c) sub-paragraph (/) of the said paragraph 1 shall have effect as

if the words from "or brings" to the end of the sub-paragraph were omitted.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Highway Act, 1835 Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857 Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862 Highway Act, 1864 Public Health Act, 1875 Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50. 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. 20 & 21 Vict. c. cxlviii. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 97. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 101. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77.

1949

National Parks and

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949 Ch. 97, 98

2175

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Corporation of London (Open Spaces) Act, 1878 ...

Private Street Works Act, 1892

Ministry of Transport Act, 1919

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation)

41 & 42 Vict. c. cxxvii.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 57. 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 50. 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

Act, 1919

Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921

Law of Property Act, 1925

Criminal Justice Act, 1925

Road Traffic Act, 1930

Land Drainage Act, 1930

Rights of Way Act, 1932

Local Government Act, 1933

Access to Mountains Act, 1939

London Government Act, 1939

Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945 Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act,

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 58. 15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 20. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.C.86. 20 & 21 Geo. 5.C.43. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 44.

22 A 23 Geo. 5. c. 45.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 30. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 18. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

1946.

Forestry Act, 1947

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 ...

Local Government Act, 1948

River Boards Act, 1948

Lands Tribunal Act, 1949

10 & 11 Geo. 6.C.21. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c.42.

10 All Geo.6.C.43. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.26.

11 A12 Geo. 6. c. 32.

12 A13 Geo. 6. c.42.

CHAPTER 98

Adoption of Children Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Scope of power to make adoption orders.

2. Restrictions on making of adoption orders.

3. Consent to adoption.

4. Evidence of paternity.

5. Probationary period.

6. Arrangements made by adoption societies.

7. Local authorities.

8. Citizenship of adopted children.

9. Treatment of adopted persons as children of adopters for purposes

of . intestacies, wills and settlements.

10. Provisions supplementary to s. 9.

11. Other effects of adoption order.

12. Registration of adoption orders.

13. Definition of "relative".

14. Interpretation and construction.

15. Application to Scotland.

16. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedule.—Form of Entry to be made in Register.

2176

Scope of power to make adoption orders.

Restrictions on making of adoption orders.

Consent to adoption.

Ch. 98 Adoption of Children 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

An Act to amend the law relating to the adoption of children; and for related purposes.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1.—(1) It is hereby declared that the power to make adoption orders conferred by the Adoption of Children Act, 1926 (hereinafter referred to as " the principal Act "), includes and has always included power to make an adoption order authorising the adoption of an infant by the mother or father of the infant, either alone or jointly with her or his spouse.

(2) An adoption order may be made in respect of an infant resident in England or in Wales who is not a British subject; and accordingly paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of section two of the principal Act shall have effect as if the words "both a British subject and were omitted.

2.—(1) An adoption order shall not be made unless the applicant or, in the case of a joint application, one of the applicants—

(a) has attained the age of twenty-five and is at least twenty-one years older than the infant in respect of whom the application is made; or (b) has attained the age of twenty-one and is a relative of the infant; or

(c) is the mother or father of the infant.

(2) Subsection (1) of section two of the principal Act shall cease to have effect.

3.—(1) An adoption order shall not be made except with the consent of every person or body who is a parent or guardian of the infant, or who is liable by virtue of any order or agreement to contribute to the maintenance of the infant:

Provided that the court may dispense with any consent required by this subsection if it is satisfied—

(a) in the case of a parent or guardian of the infant, that he has abandoned, neglected or persistently ill-treated the infant;

(b) in the case of a person liable as aforesaid to contribute to the maintenance of the infant, that he has persistently neglected or refused so to contribute;

1949

Adoption of Children

Act, 1949

Ch. 98

2177

(c) in any case, that the person whose consent is required cannot be found, or is incapable of giving his consent or that his consent is unreasonably withheld.

(2) The consent of any person to the making of an adoption order in pursuance of an application may be given (either unconditionally or subject -to conditions with respect to the religious persuasion in which the infant is to be brought up) without knowing the identity of the applicant for the order; and where consent so given by any person is subsequently withdrawn on the ground only that he does not know the identity of the applicant, his consent shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be unreasonably withheld.

(3) Where any person whose consent to the making of an adoption order is required by this section does not attend in the proceedings for the purpose of .giving it, a document signifying his consent to the making of such an order shall, if the person in whose favour the order is to be made is named or otherwise described in the document, be admissible as evidence of that consent, whether the document is executed before or after the commencement of the proceedings; and where any such document is attested by a justice of the peace (or, if executed outside the United Kingdom, by a person of any such class as may be prescribed by rules made under the principal Act), the document shall be admissible as aforesaid without further proof of the signature of the person by whom it is executed:

Provided that a document signifying the consent of the mother of an infant shall not be admissible as aforesaid unless—

(a) the infant is at least six weeks old on the date of the

execution of the document; and

(b) the document is attested on that date by a justice of the

peace or, as the case may be, by a person of a class prescribed as aforesaid.

(4) While an application for an adoption order in respect of an infant is pending in any court, any parent or guardian of the infant who has signified his consent to the making of an adoption order in pursuance of the application shall not be entitled, except with the leave of the court, to remove the infant from the care and possession of the applicant; and in considering whether to grant or refuse such leave the court shall have regard to the welfare of the infant.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (3) of this section, a document purporting to be attested as mentioned in that subsection shall be deemed to be so attested, and to be executed and attested on the date and at the place specified therein, unless the contrary is proved.

(6) Subsection (3) of section two of the principal Act shall cease to have effect.

2178

Evidence of paternity.

Probationary

period.

Arrangements made by adoption societies.

Ch. 98 Adoption of Children 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

4. —(1) Where in connection with any application for an adoption order any question arises as to the paternity of an infant, and, in order to decide that question, it is relevant to determine whether marital intercourse took place between a husband and his wife during a particular period, evidence that such intercourse did not take place may be given in the proceedings on the application by either of the parties concerned.

(2) A person who has given such evidence as aforesaid in any proceedings by virtue of this section may give the like evidence in any subsequent proceedings of whatever nature in which that evidence is relevant.

5. —(1) After the expiration of three months from the commencement of this Act an adoption order shall not be made in the case of any infant unless—

(a) the infant has been continuously in the care and possession of the applicant for at least three consecutive months immediately preceding the date of the order; and '

(b) the applicant has, at least three months before the date of the order, notified the welfare authority for the area in which he is for the time being resident of his intention to apply for an adoption order in respect of the infant.

(2) An interim order under section six of the principal Act shall not be made in any case where the making of an adoption order would be unlawful by virtue of the last foregoing subsection.

(3) Where, under subsection (1) of this section, notice is given to the welfare authority in respect of an infant who is not over compulsory school age, subsections (5) to (7) and (10) of section seven of the Adoption of Children (Regulation) Act, 1939 (hereinafter referred to as " the Act of 1939 "), shall, notwithstanding anything in that section or in section thirty-seven of the Children Act, 1948, but subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of the said section seven, apply in relation to the infant and the person by whom the notice is given as they apply in relation to an adopted child and an adopter within the meaning of that section.

(4) Any notice under this section may be served by post.

6. —(1) In any case where, but for this section, a child would be required under section six of the Act of 1939 to be returned by an adopter to, and to be received by, an adoption society, it shall be sufficient compliance with those requirements if the child is delivered by the adopter to and received by a suitable person nominated for the purpose by the society.

1949

Adoption of Children

Act, 1949

Ch. 98

2179

(2) So much of subsection (2) of the said section six as prohibits the making of an application for an adoption order in respect of a child until the expiration of a period of three months from the date on which the child is delivered to the adopter pursuant to arrangements made by an adoption society shall cease to have effect.

(3) The period within which, under subsection (3) of the said section six, an adopter is required to apply for an adoption order or give notice to the adoption society of his intention not to apply for such an order shall be six months from the expiration of the period specified in subsection (2) of the said section six instead of three months from the expiration of that period.

7. —(1) For the purposes of the principal Act and the ActLocal.. of 1939, the expression " local authority " shall mean the council authorities. of any county or county borough; and accordingly the definition

of " local authority " in subsection (2) of section sixteen of the Act of 1939 shall cease to have effect.

(2) For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that every such local authority as aforesaid has power in connection with their functions under any enactment relating to children to make and participate in arrangements for the adoption of children.

(3) Where any such local authority has established a children’s committee, subsections (2) and (3) of section thirty-nine of the Children Act, 1948 (which provide for the discharge by local authorities of certain of their functions through children’s committees), shall apply in relation to any exercise of the power mentioned in the last foregoing subsection as they apply in relation to the discharge of the functions specified in subsection

(1) of the said section thirty-nine.

8. Where an adoption order is made in respect of an infant Citizenship of who is not a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies, then, aft??ted

if the adopter or, in the case of a joint adoption, the malec rcn* adopter, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies, the infant shall be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies as from the date of the order.

9. —(1) The provisions of this and the next following section Treatment shall have effect for securing that adopted persons are treated of adopted as children of the adopters for the purposes of the devolution

or disposal of real and personal property. adopters for

(2) Where, at any time after the making of an adoption order Su2s^Ss°f the adopter or the adopted person or any other person dies wuk and ’ intestate in respect of any real or personal property (other than settlements, property subject to an entailed interest under a disposition made before the date of the adoption order) that property shall

2180

Ch. 98

Provisions supplementary to s. 9.

Adoption of Children 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

devolve in all respects as if the adopted person were the child of the adopter bom in lawful wedlock and were not the child of any other person.

(3) In any disposition of real or personal property made, whether by instrument inter vivos or by will (including codicil), after the date of an adoption order—

(a) any reference (whether express or implied) to the child

or children of the adopter shall be construed as, or as including, a reference to the adopted person;

(b) any reference (whether express or implied) to the child

or children of the adopted person’s natural parents or either of them shall be construed as not being, or as not including, a reference to the adopted person; and

(c) any reference (whether express or implied) to a person related to the adopted person in any degree shall be construed as a reference to the person who would be related to him in that degree if he were the child of the adopter bom in lawful wedlock and were not the child of any other person,

unless the contrary intention appears.

(4) Where under any disposition any real or personal property or any interest in such property is limited (whether subject to any preceding limitation or charge or not) in such a way that it would, apart from this section, devolve (as nearly as the law permits) along with a dignity or title of honour, then, whether or not the disposition contains an express reference to the dignity or title of honour, and whether or not the property or some interest in the property may in some event become severed therefrom, nothing in this section shall operate to sever the property or any interest therein from the dignity, but the property or interest shall devolve in all respects as if this section had not been enacted.

(5) References in this section to an adoption order shall be construed as including references to an adoption order made before the date of the commencement of this Act; but nothing in this section shall affect the devolution of any property on the intestacy of a person who died before that date, or any disposition made before that date.

10.—(1) For the purposes of the application of the Administration of Estates Act, 1925, to the devolution of any property in accordance with the provisions of the last foregoing section, and for the purposes of the construction of any such disposition as is mentioned in that section, an adopted person shall be deemed to be related to any other person being the child or

1949

Adoption of Children

Act, 1949

Ch. 98

2181

adopted child of the adopter or (in the case of a joint adoption) of either of the adopters—

(a) where he or she was adopted by two spouses jointly,

and that other person is the child or adopted child of both of them, as brother or sister of the whole blood;

(b) in any other case, as brother or sister of the half-blood.

(2) Notwithstanding any rule of law, a disposition made by will or codicil executed before the date of an adoption order shall not be treated for the purposes of the last foregoing section as made after that date by reason only that the will or codicil is confirmed by a codicil executed after that date.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing section, trustees or personal representatives may convey or distribute any real or personal property to or among the persons entitled thereto, without having ascertained that no adoption order has been made by virtue of which any person is or may be entitled to any interest therein, and shall not be liable to any such person of whose claim they have not had notice at the time of the conveyance or distribution; but nothing in this subsection shall prejudice the right of any such person to follow the property, or any property representing it, into the hands of any person, other than a purchaser, who may have received it.

(4) Where an adoption order is made in respect of a person who has been previously adopted, the previous adoption shall be disregarded for the purposes of the last foregoing section in relation to the devolution of any property on the death of a person dying intestate after the date of the subsequent adoption order and in relation to any disposition of property made after that date.

(5) Subsection (2) of section five of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

11.—(1) For the purpose of the law relating to marriage, an Other effects of adopter and the person whom he has been authorised to adopt adoption under an adoption order, whether made before or after theordcr' commencement of this Act, shall be deemed to be within the prohibited degrees of consanguinity; and the provisions of this subsection shall continue to have effect notwithstanding that some person other than the adopter is authorised by a subsequent order to adopt the same infant:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall invalidate any marriage which has been solemnised before the commencement of this Act.

(2) Where an adoption order is made after the commencement of this Act in respect of an infant who is illegitimate, any affiliation order in force with respect to the infant, and any agreement whereby the father of the infant has undertaken to make

2182

Ch. 98

Registration of adoption orders.

Adoption of Children 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

payments specifically for the benefit of the infant, shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to the recovery of any arrears which are due under the affiliation order or the agreement at the date of the adoption order:

Provided that where the infant is adopted by his mother, and the mother is a single woman, the order or agreement shall not cease to have effect by virtue of this subsection upon the making of the adoption order, but shall cease to have effect if she subsequently marries.

(3) Where an adoption order is made after the commencement of this Act in respect of an infant committed to the care of a fit person by an order in force under the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, the last mentioned order shall cease to have effect.

(4) Where an adoption order is made after the commencement of this Act in respect of an infant in respect of whom a resolution is in force under section two of the Children Act, 1948 (which provides for the assumption by local authorities of parental rights in certain circumstances) the resolution shall cease to have effect.

12.—(1) Every adoption order made after the commencement of this Act shall contain a direction to the Registrar General to make in the Adopted Children Register an entry in the form set out in the Schedule to this Act, and (subject to the provisions of the next following subsection) shall specify the particulars to be entered under the headings in columns 2 to 6 of that Schedule.

(2) For the purposes of compliance with the requirements of the foregoing subsection—

(a) where the precise date of the infant’s birth is not proved

to the satisfaction of the court, the court shall determine the probable date of his birth and the date so determined shall be specified in the order as the date of his birth;

(b) where the name or surname which the infant is to bear after the adoption differs from his original name or surname, the new name or surname shall be specified in the order instead of the original;

and where the country of the birth of the infant is not proved to the satisfaction of the court, the particulars of that country may, notwithstanding anything in that subsection, be omitted from the order and from the entry in the Adopted Children Register.

(3) Where upon any application for an adoption order in respect of an infant (not being an infant who has previously been the subject of an adoption order) there is proved to the

1949

Adoption of Children

Act, 1949

Ch. 98

2183

satisfaction of the court the identity of the infant with a child to which an entry in the Registers of Births relates, any adoption order made in pursuance of the application shall contain a direction to the Registrar General to cause the entry in the Registers of Births to be marked with the word "adopted."

(4) Where an adoption order is made in respect of an infant who has previously been the subject of an adoption order, the order shall contain a direction to the Registrar General to cause' the previous entry in the Adopted Children Register to. be marked with the word "re-adopted."

(5) Where an adoption order is quashed, or an appeal against an adoption order allowed, the court which made the order shall-give directions to the Registrar General to cancel any marking of an entry in the Registers of Births and any entry in the Adopted Children Register which was effected in pursuance of the order.

(6) Where the Registrar General is notified by the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland that an adoption order has been made under the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, in respect of an infant to whom an entry in the Registers of Births or the Adopted Children Register relates, the Registrar General shall cause the entry to be marked " adopted (Scotland)," or, as the case may be, " re-adopted (Scotland) "; and where, after an entry has been marked in pursuance of this subsection, the Registrar General is notified as aforesaid that the adoption order has been quashed, or that an appeal against the adoption order has been allowed, he shall cause the marking to be cancelled.

(7) A copy of any entry in the Registers of Births or the Adopted Children Register the marking of which is cancelled under this section shall be deemed to be an accurate copy if and only if both the marking and the cancellation are omitted therefrom.

(8) The court by which an adoption order has been made (including, in the case of an order made by a court of summary jurisdiction, a court acting for the same petty sessional division or place) may, on the application of the adopter or of the adopted person, amend the order by the correction of any error in the particulars contained therein; and. where an adoption order is so amended the prescribed officer of the court shall cause the amendment to be communicated in the prescribed manner to the Registrar General and any necessary correction of or addition to the Adopted Children Register shall be made accordingly.

(9) In the case of an adoption order made before the commencement of this Act, the power of the court under the last foregoing subsection shall include power to amend the order—

(a) by the insertion of the country of the adopted person’s birth;

2184

Ch. 98

Definition of " relative

Interpretation

and

construction.

Adoption of Children 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(b) (where the order does not specify a precise date as the date of the adopted person’s birth) by the insertion of the date which appears to the court to be the date or probable date of his birth;

and the provisions of that subsection shall have effect accordingly.

(10) Subsections (2) and (3) of section eleven of the principal Act, and the Schedule to that Act, shall cease to have effect; and subsection (5) of the said section eleven (which relates to certified copies of entries in the Adopted Children Register) shall have effect as if after the words "the date of the birth " in both places where those words occur in paragraph (b) of the subsection, there were inserted the words "or the country of the birth

13. —(1) For the .purposes of this Act, the expression "relative ", in relation to an infant, means a grandparent, brother, sister, uncle or aunt, whether of the full blood, of the half-blood or by affinity, and includes—

(a) where an adoption order has been made in respect of the

infant or any other person, any person who would be a relative of the infant within the meaning of this definition if the adopted person were the child of the adopter born in lawful wedlock;

(b) where the infant is illegitimate, the father of the infant

and any person who would be a relative of the infant within the meaning of this definition if the infant were the legitimate child of its mother and father.

(2) The definition contained in the last foregoing subsection shall be substituted for the definition of "relative " in the following enactments, that is to say subsection (2) of section sixteen of the Act of 1939, section two hundred and twenty of the Public Health Act, 1936, subsection (3) of section two hundred and seventy-two of the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, subsection

(1) of section fifty-nine of the Children Act, 1948, and subsection

(2) of section thirteen of the Nurseries and Child-Minders Regulation Act, 1948, and for the definition of "relatives " in subsection (2) of section eleven of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937.

14. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

"adoption order" means an order under section one of the principal Act and includes, in sections eight, nine, ten, eleven and thirteen of this Act, an order authorising an adoption under the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, or the Adoption of

Dig ' ;d

1949 Adoption of Children Ch. 98 2185

Act, 1949

Children Act (Northern Ireland)* 1929* or any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the time being in force;

" adoption society " and " welfare authority " have the same meanings as in the Act of 1939;

" compulsory school age " has the same meaning as in the Education Act, 1944;

"father", in relation to an illegitimate infant, means the natural father.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment.

(3) Subsection (3) of section sixteen of the Act of 1939 (which makes special provision with respect to the application of section seven of that Act to London) shall have effect as if the reference therein to the said section seven included a reference to section five of this Act.

(4) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

15. This Act shall in its application to Scotland have effect Application subject to the following modifications: — to Scotland

(a) for any reference to the Adoption of Children Act, 1926,

there shall be substituted a reference to the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930; for any reference to the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, there shall be substituted a reference to the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937; for any reference to an infant there shall be substituted a reference to a child; for references to compulsory school age and to the Education Act, 1944, there shall be substituted references to school age and to the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946; and for any reference to an affiliation order there shall be substituted a reference to a decree of affiliation and aliment;

(b) for subsection (2) of section one of this Act there shall

be substituted the following subsection: —

" (2) An adoption order may be made in respect of a child resident in Scotland who is not a British subject, and accordingly subsection (5) of section two of the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, shall have effect as if for paragraph ( )there were substituted the following paragraph:—

* (6) in respect of any child who is not resident

in CAAt1an<) .

2186

Ch. 98

Adoption of Children 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(c) subsection (1) of section three of this Act shall have

effect as if after the words "maintenance of the infant " where these words first occur there were inserted " and except with the consent of the infant if a minor " and as if after the word "subsection " there were inserted " except the consent of an infant "; in subsection (2), after the word "person " where that word first occurs, there shall be inserted the words "other than the consent of an infant"; and in subsection (3), for the words "admissible as evidence " there shall be substituted the words "sufficient evidence", and for the words "admissible as aforesaid " the words "sufficient evidence as aforesaid ", for any reference to rules there shall be substituted a reference to an Act of Sederunt and any reference to a justice of the peace shall include a reference to the sheriff;

(d) for subsection (1) of section seven of this Act there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (1) For the purposes of the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, and the Act of 1939 the expression ‘ local authority means the council of a county or a large burgh within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, and any small burgh within the meaning of that Act shall be included in the county in which it is situate.";

(e) sections nine and ten of this Act shall not affect the law

of Scotland relating to the distribution'of the moveable estate of a person dying domiciled in Scotland or the devolution of heritable property situated in Scotland;

(/) for section twelve of this Act there shall be substituted the following section—

" (1) Every adoption order made after the commencement of this Act shall contain a direction to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Registrar General for Scotland ’) to include in the entry in the Adopted Children Register the country of the birth of the child; and accordingly column 2 of the Schedule to the principal Act shall have effect as if the heading to that column were omitted and there were inserted the words Date and Country of Birth.'

(2) For the purposes of compliance with the requirements of subsection (2) of section eleven of the principal Act where the precise date of the child's birth is not proved to the satisfaction of the court, the court shall determine the probable date of his birth and the date so determined shall be specified

1949

Adoption of Children

Act, 1949

Ch. 98

2187

in the order as the date of his birth; and where the country of the birth of the child is not proved to the satisfaction of the court, the particulars of that country may, notwithstanding anything in that subsection, be omitted from the order and from the entry in the Adopted Children Register.

(3) Where upon any application for an adoption order in respect of a child (not being a child who-has previously been the subject of an adoption order> there is proved to the satisfaction of the court the identity of the child with a child to which an entry in the Register of Births, Deaths and Marriages relates, any adoption order made in pursuance of the application shall contain a direction to the Registrar General for Scotland to cause the entry in the Register of Births, Deaths and Marriages to be marked with the word adopted/

(4) Where an adoption order is made in respect of a child who has previously been the subject of an adoption order, the order shall contain a direction to the Registrar General for Scotland to cause the previous entry in the Adopted Children Register to be marked with the word re-adopted \

(5) Where an adoption order is quashed, or an appeal against an adoption order allowed, the court which made the order shall give directions to the Registrar General for Scotland to cancel any marking of an entry in the Register of Births, Deaths and Marriages, and any entry in the Adopted Children Register which was effected in pursuance of the order.

(6) Where the Registrar General for Scotland is notified by the Registrar General that an adoption order has been made under the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, in respect of an infant to whom an entry in the Register of Births, Deaths and Marriages or the Adopted Children Register maintained by the Registrar General for Scotland relates, the Registrar General for Scotland shall cause the entry to be marked ‘adopted (England and Wales)* or, as the case may be 4 re-adopted (England and Wales) *; and where after an entry has been marked in pursuance of this subsection the Registrar General for Scotland is notified as aforesaid that the adoption order has been quashed, or that an appeal against the adoption order has been allowed, he shall cause the marking to be cancelled.

4 B 2

2188

Ch. 98

Adoption of Children 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

(7) An extract of an entry in the Register of Births, Deaths and Marriages or the Adopted Children Register maintained by the Registrar General for Scotland the marking of which is cancelled under this section shall be deemed to be an accurate extract if and only if both the marking and the cancellation are omitted therefrom.

(8) The court by which an adoption order has been made may, on the application of the adopter or of the adopted person amend die order by the correction of any error in the particulars contained therein; and where an adoption order is so amended the clerk of the court shall cause the amendment to be communicated in the prescribed manner to the Registrar General for Scotland and any necessary correction of or addition to the Adopted Children Register shall be made accordingly.

(9) In the case of an adoption order made before the commencement of this Act, the power of the court under the last foregoing subsection shall include power to amend the order—

(a) by the insertion of the country of the adopted person’s birth;

(b) (where the order does not specify a precise date as the date of the adopted person’s birth) by the insertion of the date which appears to the court to be the date or probable date of his birth;

and the provisions of that subsection shall have effect accordingly.

(10) Subsection (4) of section eleven of the principal Act shall cease to have effect; and subsection (6) of the said section eleven (which relates to extracts of entries in the Adopted Children Register) shall have effect as if after the words ‘ the date of the birth,* in both places where those words occur in paragraph (b) of the subsection, there were inserted die words 4 or the country of the birth ’ ";

(g) in section fourteen, for the definition of 44 adoption order " there shall be substituted the following definition: —

44 4 adoption order means an order under section one of the principal Act and includes in sections eight, eleven and thirteen of this Act, an order authorising an adoption under the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, or the Adoption of Children Act

1949

Adoption of Children

Act, 1949

Ch. 98

2189

(Northern Ireland), 1929, or any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the time being in force "

16.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Adoption of Children Act, 1949.

(2) This Act and the principal Act and the Act of 1939 may be cited together as the Adoption of Children Acts, 1926 to 1949; and this Act and the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, and the Act of 1939 may be cited together as the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Acts, 1930 to 1949.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty.

(4) This Act, except section eight, shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE

Form of Entry to be made in Register

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

No. of entry Date and country of birth of child Name and surname of child Sex of child Name and surname, address and occupation of adopter or adopters Date of adoption order and description of court by which made Date of entry Signature of officer deputed Registrar General to attest the entry

Short title, commencement and extent.

Section 12.

2190

Increase in amounts payable under Married Women (Maintenance) Acts, 1895 and 1920.

58 & 59 Vict, c. 39.

lO&llGeo. 5 c. 63.

Ch. 98,99 Adoption of Children 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Act, 1949

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Administration of Estates Act, 1925

Adoption of Children Act, 1926

Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930 Children and Young Persons Act, 1933 ... Public Health Act, 1936

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 23.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 29. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 37. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 12. 26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.

c. 49.

Public Health (London) Act, 1936 26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.

c. 50.

Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 37.

Adoption of Children (Regulation) Act, 1939 ...

Education Act, 1944

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Children Act, 1948

Nurseries and Child-Minders Regulation Act, 1948

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 27.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 73.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 53.

CHAPTER 99

An Act to amend the Married Women (Maintenance) Acts, 1895 and 1920; and for purposes connected therewith.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In paragraph (c) of section five and in section seven of the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895 (which empower a court of summary jurisdiction to order a husband to make weekly payments for the benefit of his wife and to vary such an order), for the words "two pounds" there shall be substituted the words "five pounds "; and in section one of the Married Women (Maintenance) Act, 1920 (which empowers a court of summary jurisdiction to order a husband to make weekly payments for the benefit of his children), for the words "ten shillings " there shall be substituted the words "thirty shillings ".

(2) Any order under section four of the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895, made before the passing of this Act may be varied, on the application of the married woman, so as to include from the date of the variation of the order

1949

Married Women

(Maintenance) Act, 1949 Ch. 99

2191

a provision for the payment of such increased sums as would have been lawful if the order had been made after the passing of this Act.

2. —(1) The power of the court to vary an order made by Continuance of virtue of section one of the Married Women (Maintenance) Act, SSSSenanaof 1920, shall, notwithstanding anything in that section, include children in power to vary the order in accordance with the following pro- certain cases, visions of this section.

(2) If, upon the application of the married woman, it appears to the court that a child for whose maintenance provision is made by the order is or will be engaged in a course of education or training after attaining the age of sixteen years and that it is expedient for that purpose that the payments required by the order should continue, the court may by order direct that those payments shall continue for such period after the child attains that age, not exceeding two years from the date of the order, as may be specified in the order.

(3) The period specified in an order made under the foregoing provisions of this section may from time to time be extended by a subsequent order made thereunder, but shall not be extended beyond the date when the child attains the age of twenty-one.

3. —(1) In relation to payments pursuant to any order made Extension of in accordance with paragraph (c) of section five of the Sum- Finance Act, mary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895, or section one I944* 8- 25-of the Married Women (Maintenance) Act, 1920, section twenty-

five of the Finance Act, 1944 (which requires that certain pay- 7 & 8 Geo. 6.

ments for the maintenance of a married woman or for the c. 23.

benefit, maintenance or education of a person under sixteen

years of age which do not exceed two pounds a week or one

pound a week respectively shall be made without deduction

of tax) shall have effect as if in subsection (1) of that section for

the words "sixteen years of age" there were substituted the

words " twenty-one years of age ", for the words "two pounds "

there were substituted the words "five pounds " and for the words

" one pound " there were substituted the words "thirty

shillings

(2) The references in the foregoing subsection to the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895, and the Married Women (Maintenance) Act, 1920, shall be construed as references to those Acts as amended by this Act.

4. —(1) Where an order made under the Summary Jurisdiction Duties of (Married Women) Act, 1895, or under section five of the collecting Licensing Act, 1902, requires that any weekly sum payable to

or on behalf of a married woman shall be paid through or to ^Jrcement of an officer of any court, and the payments are at any time in maintenance arrear to an amount equal to four times the said sum, that orders.

2 Edw. 7. c. 28.

2192

Access to children.

Extension of jurisdiction of court.

Short title and citation.

Ch.,99 Married Women 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Maintenance) Act, 1949

officer shall, unless it appears to him that by reason of special circumstances it is unnecessary or inexpedient so to do, give to the married woman notice in writing stating the particulars of the arrears.

(2) Where an order made under the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895, or under section five of the Licensing Act, 1902, requires that any weekly sum payable to or on behalf of a married woman shall be paid to or through an officer of any court, and any sums payable under the order are in arrear, that officer shall, if the married woman so requests and unless it appears to him that it is unreasonable in the circumstances so to do, proceed in his name for the recovery of those sums; but the married woman at whose request the proceedings are taken shall have the same liability for all costs properly incurred in or about the proceedings as if the proceedings had been taken by her.

(3) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall affect any right of a married woman to proceed in her own name for the recovery of sums payable under any such order as is mentioned in that subsection.

5. Where provision is made by an order under section five of the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895, or section five of the Licensing Act, 1902, for the custody of any children of the marriage, the order may make such provision as the court thinks fit for access to those children by the husband or the wife as the case may be.

6. In section four of the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895, after the words "or in which the cause of complaint shall have wholly or partially arisen " there shall be inserted the words "or in which the married woman or her husband ordinarily resides "

7. This Act may be cited as the Married Women (Maintenance) Act, -1949, and the Summary Jurisdiction (Separation and Maintenance) Acts, 1895 to 1925 and this Act may be cited together as the Summary Jurisdiction (Separation and Maintenance) Acts, 1895 to 1949.

1949 Law Reform Ch. 100 2193

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1949

CHAPTER 100

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Extension of jurisdiction of High Court in certain matrimonial

proceedings.

2. Extension of jurisdiction of Court of Session in certain consistorial

proceedings.

3. Addition to definition of "care and treatment" in relation to

insanity.

4. Legitimacy of children of voidable marriages.

5. Additional power of court to make order for maintenance.

6. Extension of power to discharge or amend orders for maintenance.

7. Evidence of access.

8. Amendment of s. 148 of 53 & 54 Vict. c. 5.

9. Wards of court.

10. Provisions as to Northern Ireland.

11. Short title and extent

An Act to amend the law relating to divorce and other matrimonial proceedings, the admissibility of evidence as to access, the charge and payment of percentage under the Lunacy Act, 1890, and to wards of court; and for purposes connected therewith.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the' King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The High Court in England shall have jurisdiction Extension of in proceedings by a wife for divorce, notwithstanding that the jurisdiction of husband is not domiciled in England, if— S^rtaS*11

(a) the wife is resident in England and has been ordinarily matrimonial resident there for a period of three years immediately proceedings, preceding the commencement of the proceedings; and

(b) the husband is not domiciled in any other part of the United Kingdom or in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man.

(2) Without prejudice to any jurisdiction exercisable by the court apart from this section, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to proceedings for nullity of marriage as they apply to proceedings for divorce.

(3) In proceedings under subsection (1) of section eight of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1937 (which enables the court to make a decree of presumption of death and dissolution of marriage) the court shall have jurisdiction in the following cases only, that is to say—

(a) in any proceedings, if the petitioner is domiciled in England;

4 B*

2194

Ch. 100

Law Reform 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1949

(b) in proceedings by the wife, if she is resident in England and has been ordinarily resident there for a period of three years immediately preceding the commencement of the proceedings;

and in determining for the purposes of this subsection whether a woman is domiciled in England, her husband shall be treated as having died immediately after the last occasion on which she knew or had reason to believe him to be living.

(4) In any proceedings in which the court has jurisdiction by virtue of this section, of section thirteen of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1937, or of section one of the Matrimonial Causes (War Marriages) Act, 1944, the issues shall be determined in accordance with the law which would be applicable thereto if both parties were domiciled in England at the time of the proceedings.

Extension of jurisdiction of Court of Session in certain consistorial proceedings.

2.—(1) The Court of Session shall have jurisdiction in proceedings by a wife for divorce notwithstanding that the husband is not domiciled in Scotland, if—

(a) the wife is resident in Scotland and has been ordinarily resident there for a period of three years immediately preceding the commencement of the proceedings; and

(b) the husband is not domiciled in any other part of the United Kingdom, or in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man.

(2) Without prejudice to any jurisdiction exercisable by the Court of Session apart from this section, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to proceedings for nullity of marriage as they apply to proceedings for divorce.

(3) In proceedings under subsection (1) of section five of the Divorce (Scotland) Act, 1938 (which enables the Court of Session to grant a decree of dissolution of marriage on the ground of presumed death of one party) the Court shall have jurisdiction in the following cases only, that is to say—

(a) in any proceedings, if the petitioner is domiciled in

Scotland;

(b) in proceedings by the wife, if she is resident in Scotland

and has been ordinarily resident there for a period of three years immediately preceding the commencement of the proceedings;

and in determining for the purposes of this subsection whether a woman is domiciled in Scotland, her husband shall be treated as having died immediately after the last occasion on which she knew or had reason to believe him to be living.

(4) In any proceedings in which the Court of Session has jurisdiction by virtue of this section or of section two of the

1949

Law Reform

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1949 Ch. 100

2195

Matrimonial Causes (War Marriages) Act, 1944, the issues shall be determined in accordance with the law which would be applicable thereto if both parties were domiciled in Scotland at the time of the proceedings.

3. Notwithstanding anything in section three of the Matri- Addition to

monial Causes Act, 1937, a person shall be deemed for the definition of purposes of section one hundred and seventy-six of the Supreme ,

Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, to be under care [n relation and treatment— to insanity.

(a) while detained in pursuance of any order or warrant for

his detention or custody as a lunatic under the Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1919;

(b) while detained in pursuance of any order for his deten-

tion or treatment as a person of unsound mind or a person suffering from mental illness made under any law for the time being in force in Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or any of the Channel Islands (including any such law relating to criminal lunatics); or

(c) while receiving mental treatment as a voluntary patient

under the Mental Treatment Act, 1930, or under any such law as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of this section, being treatment which follows without any interval a period during which he was detained as mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph ( ) of this section.

4. —(1) Where a decree of nullity is granted in respect of a Legitimacy of voidable marriage, any child who would have been the legitimate chi[fr^P of child of the parties to the marriage if it had been dissolved, marriages, instead of being annulled, on the date of the decree shall be

deemed to be their legitimate child notwithstanding the annulment.

(2) Subsection (2) of section seven of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1937, is hereby repealed.

5. —(1) Where a husband has been guilty of wilful neglect to Additional provide reasonable maintenance for his wife or the infant children power of

of the marriage, the High Court in England, if it would have |Prmake jurisdiction to entertain proceedings by the wife for judicial maintenance, separation, may, on the application of the wife, order the husband to make to her such periodical payments as may be just; and the order may be enforced in the same manner as an order for alimony in proceedings for judicial separation.

(2) Where the court makes an order under this section for periodical payments it may, if it thinks fit, order that the husband shall, to the satisfaction of the court, secure to the wife the

4 B* 2

2196

Extension of power to discharge or amend orders for maintenance.

Evidence of access.

Amendment of s. 148 of 53 & 54 Vict, c. 5.

Ch. 100 Law Reform 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1949

periodical payments, and for that purpose may direct that a proper deed or instrument to be executed by all necessary parties shall be settled and approved by one of the conveyancing counsel of the court.

6. —(1) The power of the court under section fourteen of the Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1938 (which provides for the discharge, variation or suspension of certain orders) shall be exercisable—

(a) in relation to any order made under section five of

this Act; and

(b) in relation to any order for the securing of a gross or

annual sum made under subsection (1) of section one hundred and ninety of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925,

in like manner as it is exercisable in relation to the orders mentioned in the said section fourteen:

Provided that in relation to an order made before the commencement of this Act under subsection (1) of the said section one hundred and ninety, the powers conferred by this section shall not be exercised unless the court is satisfied that the case is one of exceptional hardship which cannot be met by the discharge, variation or suspension of any order made under subsection (2) of that section.

(2) The powers exercisable by the court under the said section fourteen as amended by this section in relation to any order shall be exercisable also in relation to any deed or other instrument executed in pursuance of the order.

(3) References in this section to an order made under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section one hundred and ninety of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, shall be construed as including references to any order which has effect as if it were so made.

7. —(1) Notwithstanding any rule of law, the evidence of a husband or wife shall be admissible in any proceedings to prove that marital intercourse did or did not take place between them during any period.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in this section or any rule of law, a husband or wife shall not be compellable in any proceedings to give evidence of the matters aforesaid.

(3) Section four of the Adoption of Children Act, 1949, shall cease to have effect.

8. The following proviso shall be inserted at the end of subsection (3) of section one hundred and forty-eight of the Lunacy Act, 1890 (which provides that the percentage payable in pro-

1949

Law Reform

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1949 Ch. 100

2197

ceedings relating to a patient and his estate shall be charged upon his estate and be payable thereout), that is to say—

"Provided that neither the charge created by this subsection nor any payment made by virtue thereof shall cause any interest of the patient in any property to fail or determine or to be prevented from recommencing."

9. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no infant shall Wards of be made a ward of court except by virtue of an order to that court-effect made by the court.

(2) Where application is made for such an order in respect of an infant, the infant shall become a ward of court on the making of the application, but shall cease to be a ward of court at the expiration of such period as may be prescribed by rules of court unless within that period an order has been made in accordance with the application.

(3) The court may, either upon an application in that behalf or without such an application, order that any infant who is for the time being a ward of court shall cease to be a ward of court.

10. It is hereby declared that the Parliament of Northern Provisions as Ireland has and always has had power to make laws correspond- to Northern ing with the provisions of sections one and two of this Act and Ireland-section thirteen of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1937.

11. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Law Reform (Miscel-Short title

laneous Provisions) Act, 1949. and extent-

(2) This Act (except section ten) shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Lunacy Act, 1890 Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 Mental Treatment Act, 1930 Matrimonial Causes Act, 1937 Divorce (Scotland) Act, 1938 Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1938 Matrimonial Causes (War Marriages) Act, 1944 Adoption of Children Act, 1949 53 & 54 Vict. c. 5. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 23. 1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 57. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 50. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 63. 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 43. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 98.

Ch. 101

2198

Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

CHAPTER 101

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Provisions as to Individual Justices

Section

1. Residence qualification of justices.

2. The mayor as a justice.

3. Disqualification in certain cases of justices who are members of

local authorities.

4. Supplemental list

5. Saving for acts and appointments.

6. Amendment of Fisheries Acts.

7. Restriction on right to practise as solicitor.

8. Travelling and lodging allowances.

9. Application of Part I to Scotland.

Part II

Commission of the Peace, Constitution of Courts and Rules of Procedure

10. Area of commission.

11. Justices and courts in London.

12. Licensing authorities for non-county boroughs.

13. Size and chairmanship of bench.

14. Age of bench in juvenile courts.

15. Rule committee and rules of procedure.

Part III

Magistrates’ Courts Committees and Justices’ Clerks

16. Establishment of magistrates’ courts committees.

17. Provision of courses of instruction.

18. Powers and duties of committee as to petty sessional divisions.

19. Appointment and conditions of service of justices’ clerks.

20. Qualification of justices* clerk.

21. Functions of justices’ clerk as collecting officer.

22. Superannuation of justices’ clerks and their staff.

23. Existing and former justices’ clerks, etc.

24. Clerk in proceedings for rates in London.

Part IV

Administrative and Financial Arrangements

25. Duties of county and borough councils.

26. Supplementary provisions as to powers and duties of councils.

27. Application of fines and fees, and payment of expenses of courts.

28. Making good defaults of justices’ clerks.

Part V Stipendiary Magistrates

29. Appointments outside London.

30. Local Act stipendiaries.

31. Appointments under previous Acts.

32. Salary of stipendiary magistrates.

33. Compulsory retirement and superannuation.

34. Sittings of stipendiary magistrates.

35. Remuneration of deputies.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2199

Part VI Miscellaneous and General

Section

36. Travelling and lodging allowances of members of probation com-

mittees and case committees.

37. Incorporation of probation committees.

38. Place for holding county quarter sessions.

39. Transfer to Lord Chancellor of certain functions of Secretary of

State.

40. Appointment of interim clerk of the peace in Scotland.

41. Authentication of certain licences.

42. Compensation for loss of office.

43. Expenses and payments into Exchequer.

44. Interpretation.

45. Commencement.

46. Citation, repeal and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Justices Exempt from Residence Qualification.

Second Schedule.—Provisions consequential on Changes in Commission of the Peace.

Third Schedule.—Non-County Boroughs retaining Commissions of Peace.

Fourth Schedule.—Constitution, etc., of Magistrates' Courts Committees.

Fifth Schedule.—Modifications of Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, in relation to Justices’ Clerks and their Staff.

Sixth Schedule.—Consequential Provisions as to Local Act Stipendiaries.

Seventh Schedule.—Repeals.

An Act to amend the law relating to justices of the peace (including stipendiary magistrates), justices* clerks and the administrative and financial arrangements for magistrates’ courts, to provide for paying travelling and lodging allowances to members of probation committees and case committees and for enabling probation committees to hold land, to authorise the appointment of interim clerks of the peace in Scotland, and for purposes connected therewith.

[16th December 1949.]

BE. it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Provisions as to Individual Justices

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person Residence shall not be appointed justice of the peace by the commission qr^Sces°D of the peace for any area, nor act as justice of the peace by virtue of J of any such appointment, unless he resides in or within fifteen miles of that area.

2200

Part I —cont.

The mayor as a justice.

Disqualification in certain cases of justices who are members of local authorities.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

(2) If the Lord Chancellor is of opinion that it is in the public interest for a person to act as justice of the peace for a particular area though not qualified so to do under the foregoing subsection, he may direct that so long as any conditions specified in the direction are satisfied the foregoing subsection shall not apply in relation to that person’s appointment as justice by the commission of the peace for the area so specified.

(3) Subject to the next following subsection, where a person appointed justice of the peace by the commission of the peace for any area (whether so appointed before or after the coming into force of this section) is not qualified under the foregoing provisions of this section to act by virtue of the appointment, his name shall be removed from the commission if the Lord Chancellor is of opinion that the appointment ought not to continue having regard to the probable duration and other circumstances of the want of qualification.

(4) Nothing in this section shall apply in relation to the appointment of a person, as holding or having been appointed to any office mentioned in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act, to be a justice of the peace for an area specified in relation to that office in the second column of that Schedule.

(5) In the application of this section to the county palatine of Lancaster, references to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster shall be substituted for references to the Lord Chancellor.

2. Subsections (7) and (8) of section eighteen of the Local Government Act, 1933, shall be amended as follows: —

(a) the mayor of a borough shall not under subsection (7)

be a justice of the peace for the borough during the year next after he ceases to be mayor;

(b) subsection (7) shall not apply to the mayor of a borough

not having a separate commission of the peace, and he shall accordingly be a justice for the county under subsection (8) but not for the borough;

(c) subsection (8) shall not apply to the mayor of a borough

having a separate commission of the peace, and he shall accordingly be a justice for the borough under subsection (7) but not for the county.

3. —(1) A justice of the peace who is a member of a local authority within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933, the London Government Act, 1939, or the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall not act as a member of a court of quarter sessions or of a magistrates’ court in any proceedings brought by or against, or by way of appeal from a decision of, the authority or any committee or officer of the authority.

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection—

(a) any reference to a committee of a local authority in-

cludes a joint committee, joint board, joint authority or other combined body of which that authority is a member or on which it is represented; and

(b) any reference to an officer of a local authority refers to

a person employed or appointed by the authority or a committee thereof in the capacity in which he is employed or appointed to act.

(3) A justice of the peace who is a member of the common council of the City of London shall not act as a member of a court of quarter sessions or of a magistrates* court in any pro-, ceedings brought by or against, or by way of appeal from a decision of, the corporation of that City or the common council or any committee or officer of the corporation or common council; and the last foregoing subsection shall apply for the purposes of this subsection, with the substitution for references to a local authority of references to the corporation or common council.

(4) Nothing in this section shall prevent a justice acting in any proceedings for an offence by reason only of their being brought by a police officer.

(5) This section shall in its application to Scotland have effect as if in subsection (1) after the words "magistrates’ court " there were inserted the words "or of a small debt court ".

4.—(1) The Lord Chancellor may by statutory instrument Supplemental make rules directing that in connection with any commission 11st-of the peace issued by His Majesty there shall be kept a list for the purposes of this section (in this Act called "the supplemental list"), and those rules shall make provision for the entry in the supplemental list kept in connection with any commission of the name of any such person appointed a justice by the commission as is hereinafter mentioned, and for the removal of names from the list.

(2) A person who is appointed justice of the peace by the commission of the peace for any area, but whose name is for the time being entered in the supplemental list kept in connection with the commission, shall not by virtue of that appointment be qualified as a justice to do any act, except as mentioned in the next following subsection, nor by virtue of that appointment be qualified as a justice to be a member of any committee or other body.

(3) The last foregoing subsection shall not preclude a justice from doing all or any of the following acts as a justice, that is to say,—

(a) signing any document for the purpose of authenticating another person’s signature;

2201

Part I —cont.

2202

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part I

—cent.

(b) taking and authenticating by his signature any written declaration not made on oath; and

(c) giving a certificate of facts within his knowledge or of his opinion as to any matter.

(4) Subject to the two next following subsections any rules made under this section shall provide for entering in the supple-mental list the names of persons—

(a) who are of the age of seventy-five years or over and

neither hold nor have held high judicial office within the meaning of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876; or

(b) who apply to have their names entered therein;

and the Lord Chancellor may direct that the name of any person appointed a justice of the peace by the commission of the ppice for any area shall be entered in the supplemental list kept in connection with that commission if the Lord Chancellor is satisfied either—

(i) that by reason of that person’s age or infirmity or other

like cause it is expedient he should cease to exercise judicial functions as a justice for the area; or

(ii) that that person declines or neglects to take a proper

part in the exercise of those functions.

(5) The said rules may provide that in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the rules a person’s name shall not be entered in a supplemental list on his own application except with the approval of the Lord Chancellor.

(6) Until the expiration of five years from the coming into force of this section, the said rules may also provide for exceptions from the provisions relating to justices of the age of seventy-five years or over in any area where it appears to the Lord Chancellor necessary in order to have enough experienced justices.

(7) The said rules may provide that if, with respect to any commission of the peace, it appears to the Lord Chancellor that those of the persons appointed justices thereby who are to be subject to the disqualifications specified in subsection (2) of this section can be more conveniently designated in some manner other than the entry of their names in the supplemental list, they may be designated in such other manner as may be prescribed by the rules, and, where such provision is made, the rules shall provide for the application of this section, with the necessary adaptations, to the designation of such persons, and to persons so designated, in like manner in all respects as it applies to the entry of the names of persons in supplemental lists, and to persons whose names are entered in such lists, and references in any other provision of this Act to the supplemental list shall have effect accordingly.

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

(8) This section shall apply to a person who under the Local Government Act, 1933, the London Government Act, 1939, or the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, is a justice of the peace for any area by virtue of his office as mayor, lord provost or provost or chairman of a local authority as if his appointment as justice by that Act were an appointment by the commission of the peace for the area.

(9) In the application of this section to the county palatine of Lancaster, references to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster shall be substituted for references to the Lord Chancellor.

(10) Any rules made or other thing done under or for the purposes of the Justices (Supplemental List) Act, 1941, shall have effect as if made or done under or for the purposes of this section.

5. No act or appointment shall be invalidated by reason only Saving for

of the disqualification or want of qualification under any of the acts and foregoing sections of the person acting or appointed. appointments.

6. In section seventy-six of the Salmon and Freshwater Amendment Fisheries Act, 1923 (which relates to the disqualification of ^isherics justices who are members of a fishery board or subscribers to a Acts* society for the protection of fish), the words "a member of a

fishery board or " shall cease to have effect, and section thirty-four of the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1868, in so far as it directs that a justice shall not be disqualified from hearing any case arising under the said Act by reason of his being a member of a district board shall cease to have effect.

7. —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect in place Restriction on of section fifty-four of the Solicitors Act, 1932 (which limits the right to right of county justices and their partners to practise as jj£u2toras solicitors).

(2) Subject to the following subsections, it shall not be lawful for any solicitor who is one of the justices of the peace for any area, nor for any partner of his, to act in connection with proceedings before any of those justices as solicitor or agent for the solicitor of any person concerned in those proceedings.

(3) Where a solicitor is a justice of the peace for any area, but either—

(a) his name is entered in the supplemental list for that

area; or

(b) he is for the time being excluded from the exercise of • his functions as a justice for that area under section

four of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1906 (which relates to ex officio justices); his being a justice for the area shall not subject him or any partner of his to any disqualification under this section.

2203

Part I

—cont.

2204

Part I —cont.

Travelling and lodging allowances.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

(4) Where a solicitor is a justice of the peace for the county of London, but is so by virtue only of his office as mayor of a metropolitan .borough, his being a justice for the county shall not subject any partner of his to any disqualification under this section.

8.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a justice of the peace shall be entitled to receive payments at the prescribed rates by way of travelling allowance or lodging allowance where expenditure on travelling or, as the case may be, on accommodation for the night is necessarily incurred by him for the purpose of enabling him to perform any of his duties as a justice.

(2) For the purposes of this section, a justice following a course of instruction under a scheme made in accordance with arrangements approved by the Lord Chancellor shall be deemed to be acting in the performance of his duties as a justice.

(3) A justice shall not be entitled to any payment under this section in respect of any duties—

(a) if the duties are performed not more than three miles

from his usual place of residence; or

(b) if in respect of those duties a travelling or lodging

allowance may be paid to him under arrangements made apart from this section or regulations provide that this section shall not apply.

(4) A stipendiary magistrate or recorder shall not be entitled to any payment under this section in respect of his duties as such, and a paid chairman or paid deputy chairman of quarter sessions shall also not be entitled as aforesaid except in so far as may be agreed between the court of quarter sessions and the authority paying his salary at the time his salary is determined.

(5) Allowances under this section shall be paid as follows;—

(a) any allowance to a justice for the City of London in

respect of his duties as such shall be paid by the corporation of the City;

(b) any allowance to a county justice or a borough justice

in respect of his duties as such shall be paid by the county council or borough council, as the case may be.

(6) Regulations may make provision as to the manner in which this section is to be administered, and in particular—

(a) for prescribing the rates of allowances, and the forms to

be used and the particulars to be provided for the purpose of claiming payment thereof; and

(b) for avoiding duplication between payments uqder this

section and under other arrangements where expenditure is incurred for more than one purpose, and otherwise for preventing abuses.

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

(7) Regulations for the purposes of this section shall be made by the Secretary of State by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

(8) This section shall in its application to Scotland have effect subject to the following modifications: —

(a) references to recorders and paid chairmen or paid

deputy chairmen of quarter sessions shall be omitted;

(b) for subsection (5) there shall be substituted the follow-

ing subsection:—

" (5) Section one hundred and eighty-seven of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which relates to expenses of justices of the peace), shall apply to the allowances payable to justices under this section in like manner as it applies to the sums mentioned in the said section one hundred and eighty-seven ";

(c) the provisions of this section shall not apply in relation

to the duties of a justice as a member of a licensing

court or court of appeal under the Licensing (Scotland)

Acts, 1903 to 1934.

9. In the application of this Part of this Act to Scotland—

(i) the words "not made on oath " in paragraph (b) of

subsection (3) of section four shall be omitted; and

(ii) for section seven there shall be substituted the following

section: —

"7. Section four of the Justices (Scotland) Act, 1856, and section three of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1906, in so far as they prohibit solicitors being justices or their partners from practising shall not apply in relation to a solicitor as justice for any county or county of a city if his name is entered in the supplemental list for that county or county of a city."

Part II

Commission of the Peace, Constitution of Courts and Rules of Procedure

10.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, there shall be a separate commission of the peace for every county, for every county borough and for such non-county boroughs as satisfy one of the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that at the end of December nineteen hundred and forty-eight the borough had a separate commission of the peace and a population of thirty-five thousand or over;

2205

Part I

—cont.

Application of Parti to Scotland.

Area of commission.

2206

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part II —cont.

(b) that at the end of that month the borough had a separate

commission of the peace and court of quarter sessions and a population of twenty thousand or over;

(c) that at the end of that month the borough had a

separate commission of the peace and court of quarter sessions, and the Lord Chancellor makes an order under subsection (5) of this section saving the grant to the borough of its commission and quarter sessions;

(d) that after the passing of this Act His Majesty grants a separate commission of the peace to the borough under section one hundred and fifty-six of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, on a petition made by the council at a time when the borough has a population of sixty-five thousand or over,

and there shall not be a commission of the peace or justices of the peace for any other area.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the county shall be the administrative county except that, in the case of London, the county shall be the county of London as constituted under sub-sectiop (2) of section forty of the Local Government Act, 1888, unless the City of London is made subject to the jurisdiction of the county justices and court of quarter sessions under subsection

(3) of that section.

(3) For the purposes of this section, an administrative county shall be deemed to include any area in a county borough not having a separate court of quarter sessions which forms part of the county for the purpose of the appointment of a coroner, but this shall not affect the commission of the peace or justices of the peace for the borough and the jurisdiction of the borough justices as respects matters within their commission shall be exclusive of that of the justices for the county to the same extent as if the area did not form part of the county.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the administrative county of Cornwall shall be deemed to include the Stilly Isles.

(5) The Lord Chancellor may make an order saving for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section the grant to a borough of its commission and quarter sessions if—

(a) the borough council applies for the order not later than two months after the date of the passing of this Act or within such further time as the Lord Chancellor may allow; and

(b) the Lord Chancellor is satisfied that it is desirable to save the grant to the borough of its commission and quarter sessions on account—

(i) of the assistance the borough court of quarter sessions has given or is likely to be able to give in

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

the administration of justice in the county which includes the borough; and

(ii) of historical or geographical reasons;

and it shall be the duty of the recorder for the time being of any borough named in an order under this section, before he fixes the date for holding any quarter sessions for the borough, to consult the chairman of the court of quarter sessions of the county or quarter sessions division of a county in which the borough is situated or (failing the chairman) the deputy chairman or one of the deputy chairmen of that court.

(6) The power of the Lord Chancellor to make an order under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(7) The Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the

preservation and adaptation of existing commissions of the peace and other purposes consequential on the changes effected by the foregoing subsections.

(8) Except as provided by that Schedule, any existing commission of the peace which is not in accordance with subsection

(1) of this section, and any appointment in connection therewith of a recorder, deputy recorder, clerk or deputy clerk of the peace, justices’ clerk, crier, or other officer shall become inoperative on the coming into force of this section.

(9) For the purposes of this section, the population at any time of a borough shall be ascertained according to the estimates of the registrar-general and the population at the end of December nineteen hundred and forty-eight shall be ascertained to the nearest thousand.

(10) The boroughs retaining their existing commissions of the peace by virtue of paragraphs (a) and of subsection (1) of this section are those named in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(11) For the purposes of this section, the expression " existing" means existing immediately before the coming into force of this section.

11.—(1) Subsection (1) of the last foregoing section shall not affect the justices of the peace for the City of London or any power of His Majesty in relation to justices for the City.

(2) At either of the justice rooms of the City of London the place of the Lord Mayor or alderman may, for the purposes of the exercise of any powers of a magistrates’ court, be taken by the assistant judge of the Mayor’s and City of London Court appointed under the Borough and Local Courts of Record Act, 1872, or any additional judge of that court appointed under the Mayor’s and City of London Court Act, 1920.

(3) At quarter sessions for the City of London the court may, for the purpose of hearing and determining any appeal from a court of summary jurisdiction or dealing with costs, recognisances

2207

Part n —conti

Justices and courts in London.

2208

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part n and other matters preliminary to or arising out of any such

—cont, appeal, consist of the recorder of the City of London (if

appointed by His Majesty to exercise judicial functions) or the common serjeant of the City of London.

(4) A court constituted in accordance with subsection (2) or (3) of this section shall have the same jurisdiction and powers as if constituted in the ordinary way.

(5) The justices of the peace for the City of London shall not exercise any jurisdiction which is required to be exercised by a juvenile court, or any jurisdiction to hear and determine domestic proceedings; and metropolitan stipendiary magistrates and other justices for the county of London may exercise in relation to the City of London—

(a) any jurisdiction which may be exercised by a juvenile

court; and

(b) any jurisdiction under the Guardianship of Infants Acts,

1886 and 1925, the Summary Jurisdiction (Separation and Maintenance) Acts, 1895 to 1949, or subsection (3) of section four of the Family Allowances Act, 1945; as if the City were included in the county of London.

(6) So much of Part in of the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, and the Summary Procedure (Domestic Proceedings) Act, 1937, as relates specifically to courts of summary jurisdiction for the City of London shall cease to have effect, and references in the said Part III and the said Act of 1937 to the metropolitan stipendiary court area shall include the City.

(7) In subsection (5) of this section the expression " domestic proceedings" means domestic proceedings within the meaning of the Summary Procedure (Domestic Proceedings) Act, 1937, and references to the City of London include any area forming part of the administrative county of London but not forming part of the county within the meaning of the last foregoing section.

(8) Subsection (5) of this section shall not affect any jurisdiction of the justices of the peace for the City of London in relation to orders made by those justices before the coming into force of that subsection.

(9) Section forty-two of the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839 (which limits the cases in which fees may be taken in proceedings before justices in the metropolitan stipendiary court area), shall cease to have effect, but justices acting for any petty sessional division of the county of London (not being metropolitan stipendiary magistrates) shall comply with any order of the Secretary of State as to the classes of case which should or should not be taken by them.

(10) Nothing done by any such justices shall be invalidated by reason of any non-compliance with an order under the last foregoing subsection.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2209

(11)"Any such order shall be made by statutory instrument Part II and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order. —com.

12.—(1) For the purposes of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, as respects licensing districts being non-county boroughs—

(a) the licensing justices shall be for all purposes the borough

licensing committee;

(b) the confirming authority shall be a committee of the

borough justices; and

(c) the compensation authority shall be the county confirming and compensation committee of the county in which the borough is situated.

(2) Section forty of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, as set out in the Second Schedule to the Licensing Act, 1949 (which relates to the disqualification of justices), and section twelve of the Licensing Act, 1949 (which relates to the constitution and procedure of licensing authorities in county boroughs), shall apply in relation to a non-county borough having a separate commission of the peace and to the confirming authority in such a borough as they apply in relation to a county borough and the confirming and compensation committee in a county borough.

(3) The justices of any non-county borough shall be entitled

to appoint one of their number to act on the county confirming and compensation committee when the committee is discharging functions as compensation authority (whether for the county or for any borough situated therein), and for the purpose of those functions any justice so appointed shall be deemed to be an additional member of the committee.

Licensing authorities for non-county boroughs.

(4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section the confirming authority in any borough mentioned in Part III of the Third Schedule to this Act or in an order of the Lord Chancellor under section ten thereof shall be a joint committee of the borough justices and justices for the county in which the borough is situated (constituted in accordance with section four of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910), if and so long as it appears to the borough justices expedient having regard to the small number of the borough justices available to act as members of a confirming authority constituted as provided by subsection (2) of this section.

13.—(1) The number of county or borough justices sitting to Size and deal with a case as a court of quarter sessions or as a magis- c5?2Sfship dates* court shall not be greater than the number prescribed in of that behalf by rules made under this section.

(2) In any petty sessions area there shall be a chairman and .. one or more deputy chairmen of the justices chosen from amongst themselves by the magistrates for the area by secret ballot.

2210

Part II

—cont.

Age of bench in juvenile courts.

Rule

committee and rules of procedure.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 GfiO. 6

the Peace A, 1949

(3) Subject to the next following subsection, at any meeting of justices for a petty sessions area the chairman or a deputy chairman of the justices shall preside, if present, and the mayor of a borough shall not as such have any right to preside at meetings of justices.

(4) The last foregoing subsection shall not confer on the chairman and deputy chairmen of the justices as such any right to preside at quarter sessions or in a juvenile court, or at meetings of a committee or other body of justices having its own chairman, or at meetings when any stipendiary magistrate is engaged as such in administering justice.

(5) Rules made under this section may make provision as to the manner in which this section is to be administered and in particular—

(a) as to the arrangements to be made for securing the presence on the bench of enough, but not more than enough, justices; and

(b) as to the term of office and the procedure at an election

of the chairman and deputy chairmen of the justices in a petty sessions area, and the number of deputy chairmen to be elected in any such area.

(6) Rules for the purposes of this section shall be made by the Lord Chancellor by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

14. —(1) The rules with respect to the formation and revision of juvenile court panels made under paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, or section fifty-one of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, may include provision for securing that a justice shall not be a member of a panel after he has attained the retiring age prescribed by the rules.

(2) Those rules may also include provision for securing that a justice is not appointed a member of a panel after he has attained such age as may be so prescribed.

15. —(1) The Lord Chancellor may appoint a rule committee for magistrates* courts, and may on the advice of or after consultation with the rule committee make rules for. regulating and prescribing the procedure and practice to be followed in magistrates* courts and by justices* clerks.

(2) The rule committee shall consist of the Lord Chief Justice, the President of the Probate, Divorce and Admiralty Division of the High Court, the chief magistrate of the metropolitan stipendiary court at Bow Street and such number of other persons appointed by the Lord Chancellor as he may determine.

(3) Among the members of the committee appointed by the Lord Chancellor there shall be at least one justices* clerk, one

Ch. 101

2211

1949 Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

practising barrister and one practising solicitor of the Supreme Part U Court. —com.

(4) The power to make rules conferred by this section shall (without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) thereof) include power to make provision as to—

(a) the practice and procedure of justices in exercising functions preliminary or incidental to proceedings before a magistrates' court;

(b) the service and execution of process issued by or for the purposes of a magistrates' court, including the service and execution in England and Wales of process issued in other parts of the United Kingdom;

(c) the keeping of records of proceedings before magistrates'

courts and the manner in which things done in the course of or as preliminary or incidental to, any such proceedings may be proved in any legal proceedings;

(d) the extent to which a justices’ clerk may engage in practice as a solicitor or barrister;

(e) any other matters as to which immediately before the coming into force of this section provision is or can be made by virtue of the enactments and parts of enactments repealed by Part II of the Seventh Schedule to this Act.

(5) After the establishment of the rule committee, no rules shall be made by the Lord Chancellor under section thirteen of this Act except on the advice of or after consultation with the committee and the reference in the last foregoing section to paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, shall be taken as a reference to this section.

(6) Any Act passed before this Act, in so far as that Act relates to matters about which rules may be made under this section, shall have effect subject to any rules so made and may be amended or repealed by the rules accordingly:

Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise the rules to reduce the number of justices required for any purpose by any Act.

(7) In subsection (4) of section thirty-three of the Criminal Justice Act, 1925, for the reference to section seventeen of that Act there shall be substituted a reference to this section, and in subsection (2) of section five of the Dogs Act, 1906, and in section thirteen of the Money Payments (Justices Procedure) Act,

1935, the reference to rules shall be taken as a reference to rules under this section.

(8) Any rules, directions, forms or other instrument having effect under the enactments repealed by Part II of the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect as if contained in rules made under this section.

2212

Part II —cont.

Establishment of magistrates' courts committees.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

(9) The power to make rules conferred by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

(10) In this section the expression " justices’ clerk " includes a clerk to a stipendiary magistrate, a clerk to a metropolitan stipendiary court and a clerk at either of the justice rooms of the City of London.

Part III

Magistrates’ Courts Committees and Justices’ Clerks

16.—(1) Committees (to be called magistrates' courts committees) shall be set up in accordance with the following provisions of this section with such functions in relation to justices’ clerks, to the division of counties into petty sessional divisions, to the provision of courses of instruction for justices and to other matters of an administrative character as are or may be provided by or under this Act or as they may be authorised to undertake by the Secretary of State.

(2) There shall be a magistrates’ courts committee for each county and for each county borough:

Provided that—

(a) there may be a single magistrates' courts committee for an area (in this Act referred to as " a joint committee area ") consisting of two or more counties, or of two or more county boroughs, or of one or more counties and one or more county boroughs; and

(b) a quarter sessions division of a county may be treated for the purposes of this section as a separate county; and

(c) there may be a separate magistrates' courts committee for a non-county borough having a separate commission of the peace, if at the time of the establishment of the committee the borough has a population of sixty-five thousand or over.

(3) Where a non-county borough has for the time being a separate magistrates' courts committee, the jurisdiction of the borough justices as respects matters within their commission shall be exclusive of that of the justices for the county to the same extent as if the borough did not form part of the county.

(4) The Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the procedure for establishing magistrates' courts committees and with respect to the constitution and procedure of and other matters relating to those committees.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2213

(5) For the purpose of the provisions of this Act relating to magistrates* courts committees, the expression "county" in the case of London has the same meaning as it has for the purposes of section ten of this Act, and in any other case means the administrative county exclusive of any area in a county borough included in the county for the purposes of that section, and the administrative county of Cornwall shall be deemed to include the Scilly Isles, so, however, that references to a county, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, shall include a quarter sessions division of a county which is for the time being to be treated for the purposes of this section as a separate county.

(6) For the purposes of this section,—

(a) the expression " quarter sessions division means part

of a county, being a part for which (with or without the whole or part of one or more county boroughs) quarter sessions are ordinarily held separately by adjournment or otherwise; and

(b) the population at any time of a borough shall be deter-

mined according to the estimates of the registrar-general.

17. It shall be the duty of every magistrates* courts committee, in accordance with arrangements approved by the Lord Chancellor, to make and administer schemes providing for courses of instruction for justices of their area.

18. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a magistrates* courts committee acting /or a county may at any time submit to the Secretary of State a draft order making such provision about the division of the county or any part thereof into petty sessional divisions as the committee think fit.

(2) It shall be the duty of such a committee, if directed to do so by the Secretary of State, to review the division of the county or any part thereof into petty sessional divisions and on completion of the review to submit to the Secretary of State either a draft order under the foregoing subsection or a report giving reasons for making no change.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) where such a committee submit a draft order to the

Secretary of State under this section, he may by statutory instrument make the order either in the terms of the draft or with such modifications as he thinks fit; and

(b) where such a committee fail to comply within six

months with a direction of the Secretary of State under the last foregoing subsection, or the Secretary of State is dissatisfied with the draft order or report

Parted

—cont.

Provision of courses of instruction.

Powers and duties of committee as to petty sessional divisions.

2214

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part III

—com.

submitted in pursuance of such a direction, he may by statutory instrument make such order as he thinks fit about the division into petty sessional divisions of the area to which the direction related.

(4) Any order under this section—

(a) may contain transitional and other consequential provisions; and

(b) may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order thereunder.

(5) Before submitting to the Secretary of State a draft order or a report under this section about any area, a magistrates* courts committee—

(a) shall consult the county council and the magistrates

for any existing petty sessional division in die area; and

(b) in the case of a draft order, after complying with the foregoing paragraph shall send a copy of their proposals to every interested authority and take into consideration any objections made in the prescribed manner and within the prescribed time.

(6) A magistrates* courts committee submitting to the Secretary of State a draft order or a report under this section shall comply with such requirements (if any) as to notice as may be prescribed, and the Secretary of State before making an order under this section about any area otherwise than in accordance with a draft submitted to him by the magistrates’ courts committee shall send a copy of his proposals to the committee, to the county council, to the magistrates for any existing petty sessional division in the area and to every interested authority.

(7) Before making any order under this section the Secretary of State shall take into consideration any objections made in the prescribed manner and within the prescribed time and may cause a local inquiry to be held.

(8) An order under this section may provide for a county ceasing to be divided into petty sessional divisions, and a direction under subsection (2) thereof may be given with respect to the division of a county which is not for the time being so divided.

(9) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression " interested authority means, in rela-

tion to any order or draft order, the council of any borough, metropolitan borough or urban or rural district which includes the whole or any part of the area to which the order relates; and

(b) an order shall be deemed to be made in accordance

with a draft order if it is made in terms of the draft

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

order or the departures from the draft order do not, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, effect important alterations in the draft order.

(10) The powers conferred by this section shall be in substitution for any other power to create or alter petty sessional divisions in a county, except powers conferred by any other provision of this Act or by section one hundred and forty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1933.

19.—(1) Justices’ clerks shall be appointed by the magistrates' courts committee and shall hold office during the pleasure of the committee, and the committee may appoint more than one justices’ clerk for any area.

(2) A justices' clerk shall be paid a salary for his personal remuneration, and the salary shall be deemed to be remuneration for all business which he may by reason of his office as justices' clerk be called upon to perform, other than any duties as secretary to a licensing planning committee under the Licensing Planning (Temporary Provisions) Acts, 1945 and 1946.

(3) A justices' clerk may be paid a single salary in respect of two or more clerkships.

(4) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, a justices’ clerk shall be provided with <he accommodation and staff, and the furniture, books and other things, proper to enable him to carry out his duties.

(5) A justices' clerk shall, in addition to his salary, be paid the amount of any expenses of a description specified when his salary is determined, being expenses incurred by him with the general or special authority of the magistrates’ courts committee.

(6) Where a justices' clerk devotes part of his time to work other than the duties appertaining to his clerkship or clerkships, he may by arrangement with the magistrates' courts committee make use for the purpose of those duties of any accommodation, staff or equipment which he has for other purposes, and the sums payable to him under the last foregoing subsection may include payments for accommodation, staff or equipment so provided by him, whether or not he thereby incurs additional expense.

(7) Any staff provided for a justices’ clerk shall be employed by the magistrates’ courts committee but shall work under the direction of the clerk, and subject to this Act the committee may make any arrangements they think fit for staff to be engaged and dismissed, and the terms of their employment fixed, on behalf of the committee.

2215

Part m

—cont.

Appointment and conditions of service of justices' clerks.

2216 Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

Part m Before any such staff are engaged or dismissed (otherwise —cont. than by the clerk himself on behalf of the committee), the clerk shall be consulted.

(8) The approval of the Secretary of State shall be required— (a) for any decision to increase the number of justices*

clerks in a petty sessions area or to have more than one justices* clerk in a new petty sessions area;

(b) for any appointment of a justices* clerk;

(c) for the removal of the justices’ clerk for a petty sessional

division of a county where the magistrates for the division do not consent to the removal.

(9) A magistrates’ courts committee shall consult the magistrates for any petty sessional division of a county on the appointment or removal of a justices’ clerk for the division, and the Secretary of State before approving the appointment or removal of a justices’ clerk for such a division shall consider any representations made to him by the magistrates for the division, and before approving the removal of any such clerk shall consider any representations made to him by the clerk.

(10) The two last foregoing subsections shall apply to a noncounty borough having a separate commission of the peace but not a separate magistrates' courts committee, and to a county borough or county not divided into petty sessional divisions which is included in a joint committee area, as if it were a petty sessional division of a county. 0

(11) The magistrates’ courts committee shall inform the Secretary of State of the age, qualification and experience of any person proposed to be appointed a justices* clerk and, if the Secretary of State so requires, of any other person offering himself for the appointment.

(12) Section forty-eight of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879 (which provides that in a petty sessional division the duties of the clerk of a court of summary jurisdiction shall belong to the justices’ clerk), shall apply in relation to any petty sessions area as it applies in relation to a petty sessional division, and references in that section to the Justices Clerks Act, 1877, or section five thereof shall be taken as including references to this section.

(13) Subsection (1) of section forty-nine of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910 (which prohibits clerks to licensing justices from acting professionally in connection with proceedings at licensing sessions), shall apply to a clerk appointed after the coming into force of this section in relation to the general annual licensing meeting, transfer sessions and petty sessions held for any district as it applies in relation to those held for the clerk's district, and the words excepting the preparation of notices and forms from the operation of the subsection shall not have effect in the application of the subsection to a clerk appointed after the coming into force of this section.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2217

20.—(1) Except as provided by this section, no person shall be Part m

appointed a justices’ clerk unless either at the time of appoint- —cont.

ment he is a barrister of not less than five years’ standing or Qualification . solicitor of the Supreme Court of the like standing and is within of justices* any limit of age prescribed for appointments to a clerkship of dcrk* that class or description, or he then is or has previously been a justices’ clerk.

(2) A lower as well as an upper limit of age may be prescribed under the foregoing subsection for appointments to any class or description of clerkship.

(3) A person who has not been bound by and served under articles as required by paragraph (a) of section fourteen of the Solicitors Act. 1932, but has served as assistant to a justices* clerk, may be admitted a solicitor of the Supreme Court, subject to the following provisions—

(a) the person to be admitted shall have had not less than

ten years’ service as such an assistant and, out of that service, not less than five years shall have been before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and sixty, and not less than the required number of years shall have been approved service;

(b) for the purpose of the foregoing paragraph " approved

service" means service either—

(i) as an articled clerk; or

(ii) with respect to which the person to be admitted has obtained from the Law Society a certificate under this section on an application made after he has had

I five years’ service as such an assistant and before the said first day of January, and the required number of years of approved service is the number which that person would, apart from this subsection, be required by the said Act to serve under articles entered into at the date of that application;

(c) the Law Society may grant a person a certificate with

respect to service in any employment as assistant to a justices* clerk if they are satisfied that at the time of granting the certificate it is not practicable for him to serve as an articled clerk in that employment, and the certificate shall relate to any service by him in that employment after that time;

(d) subject to the foregoing paragraphs, the Solicitors Acts,

1932 to 1941, shall apply, with any necessary modifications, in relation to a person’s certificate under this section and a person applying for or obtaining such a certificate as if die certificate were articles of clerkship and the service to which it relates were service under those articles.

4 C

2218

Part HI

—cont.

Functions of justices’ clerk as collecting officer.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

(4) A person not having the qualification as barrister or solicitor which is required by subsection (1) of this section may be appointed a justices* clerk—

(a) if at the time of appointment he is a solicitor of the Supreme Court and has served for not less than five years in one or more of the following capacities, that is to say, clerk to a stipendiary magistrate, clerk to a metropolitan stipendiary court, clerk at one of the justice rooms of the City of London, assistant to any such clerk as aforesaid and assistant to a justices’ clerk; or

(b) if before the time of appointment or the first day

of January, nineteen hundred and sixty, whichever is the earlier, he has served for not less than ten years in one or more of the said capacities and, in the opinion of the magistrates* courts committee and of the Secretary of State, there are special circumstances making the appointment a proper one.

(5) A person may be appointed a justices* clerk notwithstanding that he is over the upper limit of age mentioned in subsection

(1) of this section if he has served in one or more of the capacities mentioned in the last foregoing subsection continuously from a time when he was below that limit to the time of appointment

(6) A person shall not be justices* clerk for any area wholly or partly comprised in an area in which he or a partner of his holds any of the following offices, namely, clerk of the peace, town clerk, clerk to the urban district council and deputy of any such clerk:

Provided that a person shall not be disqualified under this subsection for holding any justices* clerkship by reason of his or his partner’s holding any of the said offices where neither appointment is made after the coming into force of this subsection.

(7) Subsection (2) of section one hundred and fifty-nine of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882 (which relates to the qualification for being clerk to borough justices), shall cease to have effect.

21.—(1) As from the date when section nineteen of this Act comes into force, a justices* clerk shall by virtue of his office be collecting officer of any court of summary jurisdiction of which he is the clerk, and as such—

(a) shall discharge all such functions as are conferred by any enactment on a collecting officer appointed by the justices for a petty sessional division or a borough under the Affiliation Orders Act, 1914;

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2219

\b) shall act under any order directing the payment of money to him made by any court under section thirty of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914 (which provides for periodical payments under court orders to be made through an officer of the court or other third person);

and section four of the Married Women (Maintenance) Act, 1949, shall apply to orders under any enactment directing payment to a justices* clerk as collecting officer on behalf of any person as it applies in relation to orders under the enactments mentioned in that section directing payment to him on behalf of a married woman.

(2) Any order of a court of summary jurisdiction under subsection (1) or (2) of the said section thirty shall direct payment to be made to the collecting officer of that or some other court.

(3) Where a court of summary jurisdiction makes an order for the periodical payment of money under the Summary Jurisdiction (Separation and Maintenance) Acts, 1895 to 1949, or the Guardianship of Infants Acts, 1886 and 1925, the court shall, unless upon representations expressly made in that behalf by the applicant for the order they are satisfied that it is undesirable so to do, exercise their power to direct payment to the collecting officer of that or some other court:

Provided that, in relation to an order made under section five of the Licensing Act, 1902, on the application of the husband, there shall be substituted for the reference in this subsection to the applicant for the order a reference to his wife.

(4) Any order made before the coming into force of this section in pursuance of the powers exercisable under the said section thirty or under section one of the Affiliation Orders Act, 1914—

(a) if it directs payments to be made to any officer of a

court of summary jurisdiction shall have effect as if it directed them to be made to the clerk of that court in his capacity as collecting officer; and

(b) if it directs payments to be made to a person who is

not an officer of a court of summary jurisdiction shall have effect as if it directed them to be made to the clerk of the court making the order in his capacity as collecting officer.

(5) The last foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to payments due at the coming into force of this section as well as to those becoming due thereafter, but until the person liable to make payments under an order to which that subsection applies has been given in the prescribed manner the prescribed

4 C 2

Part in

—corn.

2220

Part III

—corn.

Superannuation of justices* i clerks and their staff.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

notice of the effect of that subsection, he shall be deemed to have complied with the order if he makes payments in accordance with the terms thereof.

(6) This section shall apply in relation to an order made under paragraph (c) of section five of the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895, and not directing payment to the applicant personally and in relation to an order made under paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section five of the Licensing Act, 1902, and not directing payment to the applicant's wife personally as it applies in relation to an order made under subsection (1) of section thirty of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914.

(7) In this section the expression "justices’ clerk" includes a clerk to a stipendiary magistrate, a clerk to a metropolitan stipendiary court and a clerk at either of the justice rooms of the City of London.

(8) Subsection (4) of section thirty of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914 (which provides for the payment of remuneration to a person through whom money is paid under that section), shall cease to have effect

22.—(1) Subject to this Act, a justices' clerk appointed by a magistrates* courts committee, or person employed by a magistrates’ courts committee to assist a justices' clerk, shall be superannuate in accordance with this section; and section twenty of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937 (in this and the next following section referred to as " the 1937 Act ") shall cease to have effect.

(2) The 1937 Act shall have effect in relation to any such clerk or person as if magistrates' courts committees were local authorities mentioned in Part I of the First Schedule to the 1937 Act and, in the case of a clerk, as if he were employed by the committee appointing him.

(3) For the purposes of the 1937 Act a magistrates’ courts committee shall be deemed to be a local Act authority in relation to any such clerk or person if the council paying his remuneration is a local Act authority.

(4) Without prejudice to subsection (3) of section forty of the 1937 Act (which treats employments under one authority as distinct where one can be given up without the other), a person who holds two or more clerkships under a magistrates' courts committee, or is employed by a magistrates* courts committee to assist a justices' clerk or clerks in two or more clerkships, shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be in separate employments under separate authorities as respects any clerkships for which the remuneration is paid by different councils.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2221

(5) Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect Part m for the purpose of adapting the 1937 Act in relation to any

such clerk or person as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(6) A magistrates* courts committee shall not be deemed to be a local Act authority for the purposes of section twenty-six of the 1937 Act (which relates to the modification or replacement of local Act superannuation schemes) but the Minister of Health shall by order modify any local Act scheme within the meaning of the 1937 Act in such manner as he thinks appropriate to secure that the scheme shall operate in relation to any such clerk or person as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section whose remuneration or any part thereof is paid by the local Act authority as it operates in relation to employees of the local Act authority, subject however to such adaptations (including any increase in the age of compulsory retirement) as may be provided by the order.

(7) Where by a local Act or otherwise provision is made for a county or borough council to make, outside the 1937 Act or any local Act scheme, payments to or in respect of their employees in the event of injury, disease or death, then, in relation to any person who is by virtue of this section a contributory employee or local Act contributor in respect of an employment for which his remuneration is paid by the council, that provision shall apply as if in that employment he were an employee of the council, subject however to such adaptations as may be provided by order of the Minister of Health.

(8) Any order under this section or under Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act—

(a) shall be made by statutory instrument;

(b) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order there-

under;

(c) in so far as it varies or revokes a previous order, may

have retrospective effect.

(9) For the purposes of this section, any reference to a person employed by a magistrates* courts committee shall apply whether the employment is permanent or temporary, but not where it is of a'casual nature.

23.—(1) A justices* clerk holding office immediately before Existing and the date of the coming into force of section nineteen of this Act fonner justices* shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have beencler s*c c* appointed by the magistrates* courts committee and, subject to the provisions of this section, any persons then employed by him to assist him in the performance of the duties appertaining

2222

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part nr to that clerkship shall be transferred to the employment of the —com. committee on the said date.

(2) The salary payable under the said section nineteen to a justices* clerk to whom the foregoing subsection applies shall be fixed with due regard to any additional duties imposed on him as justices* clerk by section twenty-one of this Act and to any remuneration formerly payable in respect of the duties so imposed on him.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not transfer to the employment of the magistrates* courts committee from that of a justices* clerk a person who immediately before the said date is employed by the clerk for purposes not connected with any clerkship to justices held by bum, and a person employed by a justices* clerk shall not be transferred by that subsection to the employment of the committee as respects his employment by the clerk in connection with a clerkship to justices outside the area of the committee.

(4) Where immediately before the said date a person is justices* clerk and collecting officer at the same court, subsections

(1) and (3) of this section shall apply in relation to persons then employed by him as if his duties as collecting officer of that court had been duties appertaining to the clerkship.

(5) Where immediately before the said date a person to whom subsection (1) of this section does not apply is collecting officer of any court and devotes substantially the whole of his time to his duties as collecting officer of that court, he shall be transferred on the said date to the employment of the magistrates* courts committee as a member of the staff provided for the clerk of that court.

(6) Where the collecting officer of any court is transferred as mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, any person who immediately before the said date is employed by him to assist him in the performance of his duties as collecting officer of that court, and who devotes substantially the whole of his time to that employment, shall also be so transferred.

(7) Where a person who immediately before the said date is employed by a justices’ clerk or collecting officer is transferred by this section to the employment of a magistrates* courts committee, the terms and conditions on which he is then employed by the justices’ clerk or collecting officer, so far as they remain applicable, shall apply to his employment by the committee; and the terms and conditions on which a person is transferred to the employment of a magistrates* courts committee by subsection

(5) of this section shall be such as in the opinion of the magistrates’ courts committee are on the whole not less beneficial to him than those on which he held office as collecting officer.

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace A, 1949

(8) In relation to any person to whom the 1937 Act applies by virtue of the last foregoing section, being either—

(a) a person who before the said date has been a justices* clerk or employed by such a clerk in connection with the clerkship; or

(b) a person who on the said date is transferred to the employment of a magistrates’ courts committee by subsection (5) or (6) of this section;

the provisions set out in Part II of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect as well as those set out in Part I thereof.

(9) Paragraph (g) of Part III of the Second Schedule to the 1937 Act shall continue, notwithstanding the repeal of section twenty of that Act, to apply to a person who has been a contributory employee by virtue of the said section twenty; and in the case of such a person any rules made under section one of the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948 (which relates to national service), so far as they refer to an employment in which, immediately before he left it, he was a contributory employee by virtue of the said section twenty, shall have effect as if that section had continued in force and the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act had not been passed.

(10) Provision corresponding to subsections (8) and (9) of this section may, in relation to any local Act scheme, be made by any order modifying the scheme under the last foregoing section.

(11) For the purposes of this section, a person’s employment by any justices or by the Middlesex standing joint committee to assist a justices* clerk shall be deemed employment by that clerk; and in relation to a person who has been a contributory employee by virtue of section four hundred and eighteen of the Middlesex County Council Act, 1944, subsection (9) of this section shall apply with the substitution of references to that section for references to section twenty of the 1937 Act and of a reference to paragraph (/) of the Fifth Schedule to the said Act of 1944 for the reference to paragraph of Part III of the Second Schedule to the 1937 Act.

(12) For the purposes of this section, the expression " collecting officer" means collecting officer of a court of summary jurisdiction appointed under the Affiliation Orders Act, 1914.

24. The provisions of section seven of the Vestries Act, 1850, relating to the recovery of rates shall not require or authorise the town clerk of a metropolitan borough to attend on or advise any justices as their clerk.

2223

Part m —com.

Clerk in proceedings for rates in London.

2224

Duties of county and borough councils.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

Part IV

Administrative and Financial Arrangements

25.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the council of each county and of each borough having a separate commission of the peace shall provide the petty sessional court houses and other accommodation, and the furniture, books and other things, proper for the due transaction of the business, and convenient keeping of the records and documents, of the county or borough justices out of sessions or any committee of such justices, or for enabling the justices’ clerk for the county or borough or any part thereof to carry out his duties.

(2) The council of each county and of each borough having a separate commission of the peace shall pay—

(a) any expenses of the magistrates* courts committee, or in

the case of a committee acting for the area of more than one such council the proper proportion of those expenses; and

(b) the sums payable under Part III of this Act on account of a person’s salary or expenses as justices’ clerk for the county or borough or any part thereof and the remuneration of any staff employed by the magistrates’ courts committee to assist him, together with any contributions for which the committee may be liable under the National Insurance Acts, 1946, as employer of the clerk or staff; and

(c) so far as they are not otherwise provided for, all other

costs incurred with the general or special authority of the magistrates* courts committee by the county or borough justices out of sessions or by any of the county or borough justices in defending any legal proceedings taken against him in respect of any order made or act done out of sessions in the execution of his duty as such a justice; and

(d) any costs or damages awarded against any of the county

or borough justices in such proceedings as aforesaid in so far as the magistrates’ courts committee determine that they ought not to be borne by the justice personally.

(3) Any accommodation provided under this section for any justices or justices’ clerk may be outside the area for which the justices act and, in the case of a petty sessional court house, shall be deemed to be in that area for the purpose of the jurisdiction of the justices when acting in the court house.

t

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

(4) Two or more councils may arrange for accommodation, furniture, books or other things provided for the purposes of this section by one of them to be used also as if provided for those purposes by the other or each of the others.

(5) Section sixty-six of the Local Government Act, 1888 (which directs certain costs to be paid out of the county fund subject to the sanction of the standing joint committee of the county council and quarter sessions), shall cease to apply to costs incurred by justices out of sessions or by a justice in defending legal proceedings in respect of an ordqj made or act done out of sessions.

(6) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the power to appoint an occasional court house conferred by section twenty of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, or the power to appoint a petty sessional court house in the university of Oxford conferred by the Oxford University (Justices) Act, 1886.

26.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,—

(a) the petty sessional court houses and other accommoda-

tion, furniture, books and other things to be provided by a council under the last foregoing section; and

(b) the salary to be paid to a justices' clerk and the staff

to be provided for him; and

(c) the nature and amount of the expenses which a

magistrates' courts committee may incur in the discharge of any functions or may authorise to be incurred (including the sums payable to a justices' clerk in respect of accommodation, staff or equipment provided by him);

shall be such as may from time to time be determined by the magistrates’ courts committee after consultation with the council or councils concerned.

(2) Where the expenses of a magistrates’ courts committee, or the sums payable to or in respect of a justices' clerk holding more than one clerkship or to or in respect of staff provided for any such clerk, fall to be borne by more than one council, any question as to the manner in which they are to be borne by the councils concerned shall be determined by agreement between those councils.

(3) Any council concerned which is aggrieved by a determination of a magistrates’ courts committee under subsection (1) of this section, or under paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section, may within one month from the receipt by the council of written notice of such determination appeal to the Secretary of State whose decision shall be binding upon

4 C*

2225

Part IV —cont.

Supplementary provisions as to powers and duties of councils.

2226

Part IV

—cont.

Application of fines and fees, and payment of expenses of courts.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace A, 1949

the magistrates' courts committee and any council concerned; and any question which by the last foregoing subsection is directed to be determined by agreement shall in default of agreement be determined by the Secretary of State; and the approval of the Secretary of State shall be required for any determination under subsection (1) of this section reducing the salary of a justices' clerk, unless the clerk consents to the reduction.

27.—(1) Subject to paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of subsection (1) of section five of the Criminal Justice Administration Act. 1914 (which relate to the payment or repayment of court and police fees), there shall be paid to the Secretary of State—

(a) all fines imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction, and all sums which become payable by virtue of an order of such a court and are by any enactment made applicable as fines so imposed or any class or description of such fines; and

(b) all other sums received by a justices’ clerk by reason of his office except sums to which a person other than the Secretary of State is by law entitled and which are paid to that person;

and any enactment directing a justices' clerk to pay any sums received by him to the responsible authority or their treasurer shall cease to have effect:

Provided that—

(i) paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not apply to any

such sums as are referred to in subsection (7) of this section; and

(ii) paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not apply to sums

received by a justices' clerk on account of his salary or expenses as such, and any sums paid to the Secretary of State by virtue of the said paragraph ( ) shall be paid to him subject to their being repaid to any person establishing his title thereto.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, the Secretary of State shall repay to the responsible authorities the net cost to them in any year of their functions under Parts III and IV of this Act (or, in the case of responsible authorities other than county and borough councils, their corresponding functions) and of making payments under section eight of this Act otherwise than in respect of duties as chairman, deputy chairman or member of a court of quarter sessions:

Provided that a responsible authority shall not be entitled to any repayment in respect of expenditure not properly incurred.

(3) The last foregoing subsection shall not require the Secretary of State to pay in respect of the aggregate cost to responsible

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2227

authorities in any year an amount exceeding the balance of the sums received by him in respect of that year under subsection (1) of this section after deducting from those sums any Exchequer moneys included therein.

(4) Where in any year the balance referred to in the last foregoing subsection is less than the aggregate cost so referred to, the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury pay to the responsible authorities an additional amount not exceeding two-thirds of the deficiency, and the aggregate amount payable by him under this section shall be divided between the responsible authorities in proportion to their shares of that aggregate cost.

(5) The Secretary of State, with the concurrence of the Treasury, may by statutory instrument make regulations as to the manner in which income and expenditure of responsible authorities are to be taken into account in determining the net cost to them in any year of the matters mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, and for the purposes of this section any question as to that cost shall (subject to any such regulations) be determined by the Secretary of State and any question whether expenditure was properly incurred shall also be so determined.

(6) The sums payable by the Secretary of State under this section shall be paid at such times, in such manner and subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

(7) The sums payable to the Secretary of State by virtue of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall not include—

(a) any sums which by or in pursuance of any provision in

the enactments relating to those sums are directed to be paid to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise or to any officer of theirs or person appointed by them; or

(b) any sums which by or in pursuance of any such pro-- vision are directed to be paid to or for the benefit of

the party aggrieved, party injured or a person described in similar terms or to or for the benefit of the family or relatives of a person described in any such terms or of a person dying in consequence of an act or event which constituted or was the occasion of an offence; or

(c) any sums which by or in pursuance of any such pro-

vision are directed to be applied in making good any default or repairing any damage or paying or reimbursing any expenses (other than those of the prosecution); or

4 C* 2

Part IV —cont.

2228

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part IV

—con/.

(d) any sums which are directed to be paid to any person by or in pursuance of any such provision referring in terms to awarding or re-imbursing a loss, or to damages, compensation or satisfaction for loss, damage, injury or wrong.

(8) The sums payable to the Secretary of State by virtue of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section (notwithstanding proviso (ii) to that subsection) shall include any sums paid to a justices' clerk, not being a clerk to county justices, out of the compensation fund under the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, in respect of work done by him as clerk to the compensation authority under that Act.

(9) The Secretary of State, with the concurrence of the Treasury, may by statutory instrument make regulations as to the times at which and manner in which justices' clerks shall account for and pay the sums payable to him under subsection (1) of this section, and as to the keeping, inspection and audit of accounts of justices' clerks whether for the purposes of this section or otherwise.

(10) In this section the following expressions have the following meanings respectively: —

(a) "Exchequer moneys'' means moneys which, if this section had not been passed, would be paid into the Exchequer or to any Government department or person on behalf of His Majesty by virtue of a specific provision to that effect made by or under any Act or would be so paid but for any local or other special right or privilege of whatever origin;

(b) " fine" has the same meaning as in the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, but any reference to a fine imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction includes also any non-pecuniary forfeiture on conviction by, or under an order of, such a court so far as the forfeiture is converted into or consists of money;

(c) " justices' clerk " includes a clerk to a stipendiary

magistrate, a clerk to a metropolitan stipendiary court, a clerk at either of the justice rooms of the City of London and a clerk of special sessions;

(d) " responsible authority" means any of the following

authorities, namely, the corporation of the City of London, the council of any county or any borough having a separate commission of the peace, the receiver of the metropolitan police district and the commissioners under any of the Staffordshire Stipendiary Acts;

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2229

(e) "the Staffordshire Stipendiary Acts" means the Part IV Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts, 1839 —con/, to 1895, and the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act, 1899.

(11) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that sums paid to a county court registrar which section one hundred and seventy of the County Courts Act, 1934, directs to be dealt with as directed by the Lord Chancellor are to be treated for the purposes of this section as paid to the registrar on behalf of His Majesty.

(12) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, anything done by a court of quarter sessions on appeal from a court of summary jurisdiction shall be treated as done by the court of summary jurisdiction.

28.—(1) Where a justices* clerk does not duly pay to the Secre- Making good tary of State or other person entitled thereto any sums received rjjg"? Slerks. by him by reason of his office (other than sums received onJU account of his salary or expenses as justices* clerk), or a person employed to assist a justices* clerk does not duly pay to the clerk or some person on his behalf any sums received in the course of that employment, the responsible authority shall pay the amount of those sums to the Secretary of State or other person entitled to receive them from the clerk.

(2) A county or borough council shall have the same power under subsection (2) of section one hundred and nineteen of the Local Government Act, 1933 (or in the case of the London County Council subsection (2) of section eighty-six of the London Government Act, 1939), to take security with respect to the sums referred to in the foregoing subsection as they have with respect to money belonging to the council which is entrusted to the custody or control of a person not employed by them.

(3) The reference in subsection (2) of the last foregoing section to the functions of county and borough councils under this Part of this Act shall include the taking of security by virtue of the last foregoing subsection, but not the making of payments under subsection (1) of this section.

(4) In this section the expression " justices’ clerk *’ has the same meaning as in the last foregoing section, and references to the responsible authority shall, in relation to sums payable to a clerk by reason of any office, be taken as references to the responsible authority within the meaning of that section who pay his salary in that office or (if he receives a single salary for that and some other office) who bear the part of his salary attributable to that office.

2230

Appointments

outside

London.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

Part V

Stipendiary Magistrates

29.—(1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a barrister of not less than seven years’ standing or a solicitor of the Supreme Court of the like standing to be a stipendiary magistrate for any of the following areas—

(a) any borough having a separate commission of the peace;

(b) the whole or part of any county exclusive of any such

borough as aforesaid;

(c) a district (in this section referred to as a "joint dis-

trict ") comprising two or more areas for which separate appointments might be made under the foregoing paragraphs.

(2) A stipendiary magistrate appointed under this section shall hold office during His Majesty’s pleasure and shall by virtue of his office be a justice of the peace for any county, and for any borough having a separate commission of the peace, which includes his area or any part of it.

(3) Any appointment of a stipendiary magistrate under this section shall be of a person recommended to His Majesty by the Lord Chancellor, and a stipendiary magistrate appointed under this section shall not be removed from office except on the Lord Chancellor’s recommendation.

(4) No appointment (whether original or on a vacancy) of a stipendiary magistrate under this section—

(a) shall be made for a borough having a separate commission of the peace except on a petition presented to the Secretary of State by the borough council; or

(b) shall be made for the whole or part of a county exclusive of any such borough except on a petition so presented by the county council; or

(c) shall be made for a joint district except on a joint petition so presented by the borough and county councils who might present separate petitions under the foregoing paragraphs for the several parts of the joint district.

(5) The salary of a stipendiary magistrate appointed under this section shall be paid by the council or councils on whose petition he was appointed; and, where he was appointed on a

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

joint petition, each of the councils shall be liable to him for the whole salary but it shall be borne by them in the shares from time to time agreed, and the joint petition shall specify the shares agreed at the time of its presentation.

(6) Before presenting a petition under this section a council shall consult the magistrates* courts committee acting for their area, and the Secretary of State before submitting the petition to His Majesty shall take into account any representations made to him by the committee.

(7) Where a stipendiary magistrate is appointed under this section on a petition presented by a county council (whether alone or jointly with other councils), the Secretary of State shall (where necessary) by statutory instrument make an order constituting the area for which he is appointed, or that part in which the county justices have jurisdiction, a petty sessional division or divisions of the county and making consequential provisions as to the remainder of the county, and subsections (4),

(6) and (7) of section eighteen of this Act shall apply as if the order were an order under that section.

(8) A stipendiary magistrate appointed under this section for an area consisting of or including the whole or part of a county shall not act as a member of any court of quarter sessions for the county, nor act for any petty sessional division of the county other than the division or divisions in his area.

(9) The grant of a commission of the peace to a borough forming part of an area for which a stipendiary magistrate has been appointed under this section shall not affect the appointment of the magistrate or the liability for his salary of the council of the county which includes that borough.

(10) More than one magistrate may be appointed under this section for the same area.

(11) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to the City of London or the county of London.

(12) Section one hundred and sixty-one of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall cease to have effect and this section shall apply to any magistrate appointed on a petition under that section who is in office at the coming into force of this section as if the petition had been a petition under this section.

30.—(1) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Act shall affect the continuance in office or a new appointment of a stipendiary magistrate under any of the following enactments, namely,—

(a) the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts,

1839 to 1895;

(b) the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act, 1899;

2231

Part V —cont.

Local Act stipendiaries.

2232 Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

Part V (c) the Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justice Acts, 1843 to 1907;

~~contm (d) the Pontypridd Stipendiary Magistrate Act, 1920;

(e) Part II (which relates to the county borough of Salford) of the Manchester Division and Borough of Salford (Stipendiary Justices) Act, 1878;

but no new appointment of a stipendiary magistrate shall be made under the Chatham and Sheerness Stipendiary Magistrate Act. 1867.

(2) The consequential and other provisions set out in the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the enactments referred to in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the foregoing ' subsection and stipendiary magistrates thereunder.

Appointments 31.—(1) A solicitor of the Supreme Court of not less than

under previous seven years’ standing may be appointed stipendiary magistrate Acts. under any Act passed before this Act.

(2) A barrister of not less than seven years’ standing may be appointed a metropolitan stipendiary magistrate notwithstanding that he has not practised as a barrister during the seven years immediately preceding his appointment as required by section three of the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839.

(3) A person may be appointed a magistrate’s deputy under section two of the Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1869, if he has the qualification required by law for appointment to the magistrate’s office, notwithstanding that he is not a person who has practised as a barrister for at least seven years.

(4) Any appointment of a stipendiary magistrate under any Act passed before this Act except the Manchester Division and Borough of Salford (Stipendiary Justices) Act, 1878, shall be of a person recommended to His Majesty by the Lord Chancellor and a stipendiary magistrate appointed under any Act so passed shall hold office during His Majesty’s pleasure but shall not be removed from office except on the recommendation of the Lord Chancellor or, in the case of a magistrate appointed under the said Act of 1878, the recommendation of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.

Salary of 32.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section,

stipendiary a stipendiary magistrate other than a metropolitan stipendiary

magistrates. magistrate shall be paid a salary of such amount as the Secre-

tary of State may from time to time direct after consultation with the authority or authorities liable to pay the salary.

(2) The amount of the salary shall not be greater than that of the salary for the time being payable to a metropolitan stipendiary magistrate other than the chief magistrate.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2233

(3) The amount of the salary shall not at any time be reduced part V

without the consent of the stipendiary magistrate. —cont.

(4) A stipendiary magistrate in office at the coming into force of this section shall, until the Secretary of State otherwise directs under subsection (1) of this section, continue to receive the salary to which he is then entitled.

33.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a stipendiary Compulsory magistrate— retirement and

(a) shall vacate his office at the end of the completed year of *"P£raimua’ service in the course of which he attains the age of seventy-two; but

(b) shall, from the date on which he ceases to serve as a stipendiary magistrate, be entitled to be paid an annual sum by way of pension by the authority paying his salary in the office or last office in which he so served.

(2) Where the Secretary of State considers it desirable in the public interest to retain a stipendiary magistrate in office after the time for the magistrate's office to be vacated under the foregoing subsection, he may from time to time authorise the magistrate to continue in office up to such age (not exceeding seventy-five years) as the Secretary of State thinks fit.

(3) A person shall not be entitled to a pension under this section on ceasing to serve as a stipendiary magistrate unless—

(a) his office is vacated under this section; or

(b) he retires from the office after five years' service as a

stipendiary magistrate, whether in that or any other office, and either—

(i) at the time of retirement he has attained the age of sixty-five years; or

(ii) the authority liable for his pension are satisfied by means of a medical certificate that, by reason of infirmity of mind or body, he is incapable of discharging the duties of the office, and that the incapacity is likely to be permanent.

(4) The pension payable to any person under this section on ceasing to serve in any office shall be of an amount equal to fifteen-sixtieths of his salary in that office, together with an addition for each complete year of his service as a stipendiary magistrate (as well in any other office as in that office) after the first five years equal to one-sixtieth or, in the case of any year of service after the first ten years, two-sixtieths of that salary; but the pension shall in no case exceed two-thirds of that salary.

(5) The pension payable to any person under this section shall be calculated on the salary he was receiving in the office in question immediately before ceasing to serve therein, except that

2234

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part V where he had been in receipt of that salary for less than three —cont. years it shall be calculated on the average rate of the salary

received by him in that office during the three years immediately preceding that date or during the part of those three years for which he served therein.

(6) Where the amount of a person’s pension under this section is calculated by reference to his service in more than one office, the authority liable for the pension shall be entitled to such contributions as may be just in respect of the service in any office other than his last office, and the contribution in respect of service in any office shall be paid by the same authority as his salary in that office.

(7) The pension payable to any person under this section shall cease on his resuming service as a stipendiary magistrate; and a person who becomes entitled to such a pension on his retirement on a medical certificate shall until he attains the age of sixty-five years be liable to be called on to serve as a stipendiary magistrate at a salary not less than that on which his pension is calculated, and if when called on he declines so to do, or declines or neglects to execute the duties of a stipendiary magistrate satisfactorily, being in a competent state of health, he shall forfeit any right to pension in respect of service as a stipendiary magistrate.

(8) Any question whether a pension is payable under this section, or as to the amount of any such pension or any contribution in respect thereof, shall be determined by the Secretary of State.

(9) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to a stipendiary magistrate who held office before the coming into force of this section unless he is serving at the coming into force thereof and within six months thereafter gives notice in writing to the authority paying his salary of his desire that the subsection should apply to him.

(10) Where subsection (1) of this section applies to a stipendiary magistrate by virtue of a notice given under the last foregoing subsection, half only of his service before the coming into force of this section shall be taken into account for the purpose of calculating the amount of any pension under this section, and if he has attained the age of seventy-two before giving the notice the said subsection (1) shall apply to him with the substitution of a reference to the year of service in the course of which he gives the notice for the reference to that in the course of which he attains the said age:

Provided that this subsection so far as it relates to the extent to which any service is to be taken into account shall have effect subject to any determination under the next following subsection that the whole of the service or a part of it larger than a half shall be taken into account.

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

(11) A determination for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection with respect to the stipendiary magistrate serving in any office at the date when this section comes into force may be given—

(a) at any time on or after the said date and before he

ceases to serve in that office, by the authority paying his salary in that office; or

(b) on his ceasing to serve as a stipendiary magistrate,

by the authority liable for any pension payable to him under this section;

and a determination under paragraph (a) of this subsection may be varied by a subsequent determination (whether under that paragraph or under paragraph (b) of this subsection) so as to increase, but not so as to reduce, the extent to which any service is to be taken into account.

(12) Where a stipendiary magistrate has held office in a joint district within the meaning of section twenty-nine of this Act, then—

(a) each of the authorities paying his salary in that office

shall be liable for any pension payable to him on his retirement therefrom or for any contributions in respect of his service therein to a pension payable to him on his retirement from any other office as a stipendiary magistrate; and

(b) where they are liable for his pension,—

(i) they shall together determine anything which under this section is a matter for the decision of the authority so liable;

(ii) they, or the one paying the pension, shall be entitled to contributions thereto under subsection (6) of this section in respect of his service in any previous office; and

(c) they shall share among themselves the net liability for the

pension (after allowing for any contributions received under the said subsection (6)), or the liability for contributions payable under that subsection, as the case may be, in such manner as they may agree or as in default of agreement may be determined by the Secretary of State.

(13) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to a metropolitan stipendiary magistrate, but for the purposes of the Police Magistrates (Superannuation) Acts, 1915 and 1929, in their application to any such magistrate retiring after the coming into force of this section any service as a stipendiary magistrate shall be taken into account as if it were service as a metropolitan stipendiary magistrate, and contributions to his superannuation

2235

Part V —cont.

2236

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part V

—cont.

Sittings of stipendiary magistrates.

Remuneration of deputies.

allowance under those Acts shall be payable in respect of that service under subsection (6) of this section as in the case of a pension under this section:

Provided that half only of any service before the coming into force of this section shall be taken into account by virtue of this subsection and, in the case of a metropolitan stipendiary magistrate appointed before the coming into force thereof, no contributions shall be payable in respect of that service.

(14) A stipendiary magistrate to whom subsection (1) of this section applies shall not be entitled to any payment under any other enactment providing for the superannuation of stipendiary magistrates or be a contributory employee under the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, as applied by any local Act or other instrument; and, where a stipendiary magistrate holding office at the coming into force of this section gives notice of his desire that subsection (1) thereof should apply to him, any contributions previously paid by him as stipendiary magistrate under the said Act of 1937 as so applied shall be returned to him.

34. —(1) A stipendiary magistrate shall sit at such petty sessional court houses, on such days and at such times as may be determined by or in accordance with directions given by the Secretary of State from time to time:

Provided that the number of days in a week on which a stipendiary magistrate may be required to attend shall not, without the consent of the magistrate, be increased beyond that determined by the directions given on his appointment.

(2) In the case of a stipendiary magistrate appointed under a local Act, the foregoing subsection shall be subject to any provision in any such Act limiting the number of days in a week on which he may be required to attend.

(3) This section shall not apply to a stipendiary magistrate appointed before the coming into force thereof or to any metropolitan stipendiary magistrate.

35. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) of section one of the Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace Act, 1906 (which relates to deputies continuing to act after the death of the office holder), any deputy appointed by a magistrate under the Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1869, shall be paid such remuneration as the Secretary of State may assign in approving the appointment.

(2) Any remuneration of a magistrate’s deputy, whether appointed as aforesaid or by the Secretary of State instead of the magistrate under subsection (1) of section one of the said Act of 1906, shall be paid by the authority paying the magistrate’s

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

salary and not by the magistrate or out of his salary; and accordingly in subsection (1) of section one of the said Act of 1906, the words "out of his salary or stipend " shall not apply in the case of a magistrate’s deputy.

(3) Where a stipendiary magistrate has been appointed for a joint district within the meaning of section twenty-nine of this Act, each of the authorities paying his salary in that office shall be liable under the last foregoing subsection for the remuneration of the magistrates’ deputy, but it shall be borne by them in the shares agreed or last agreed for the magistrate’s salary.

Part VI

Miscellaneous and General

36.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a member of a probation committee or case committee constituted under the Criminal Justice Act, 1948, shall be entitled to receive payments at the prescribed rates by way of travelling allowance or lodging allowance where expenditure on travelling or, as the case may be, on accommodation for the night is necessarily incurred by him for the purpose of enabling him to perform any of his duties as a member of the committee.

(2) A member of a committee shall not be entitled to any payment under this section in respect of any duties if the duties are performed not more than three miles from his usual place of residence.

(3) Allowances under this section to a member of a committee shall be defrayed as part of the expenses of the committee.

(4) Rules made under the Fifth Schedule to the Criminal Justice Act, 1948. may make provision as to the manner in which this section is to be administered, and in particular—

(a) for prescribing the rates of allowances and the forms to be used and the particulars to be provided for the purpose of claiming payment thereof; and

(b) for avoiding duplication between payments under this section and under other arrangements where expenditure is incurred for more than one purpose, and otherwise for preventing abuses.

(5) This section shall apply to committees constituted for the metropolitan stipendiary court area or any part thereof under paragraph 7 of the said Fifth Schedule as it applies to probation committees and case committees.

2237

Part V

—com.

Travelling and lodging allowances of members of probation committees and case committees.

2238

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part VI

—cont.

Incorporation of probation committees.

37.—0) A probation committee constituted under the Criminal Justice Act, 1948, shall be a body corporate and shall have power to hold land without licence in mortmain.

(2) Any contract made or other thing done by or on behalf of a probation committee before the coming into force of this section shall have effect as if made or done by or on behalf of the body corporate constituted by this section.

(3) Notwithstanding this section any provision applying to employees of justices shall, unless the contrary intention appears, apply to employees of a probation committee.

Place for holding county quarter sessions.

38. Courts of quarter sessions for a county may be held in any borough forming part of, surrounded by or adjoining the county, notwithstanding that the borough is not part of the area for which the courts are held.

Transfer to Lord

Chancellor of certain functions of Secretary of State.

39.—(1) Any appointment of a recorder under section one hundred and sixty-three of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and any appointment of a paid chairman or deputy chairman of the quarter sessions for the county of London under section forty-two of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall be made by His Majesty on the recommendation of the Lord Chancellor.

(2) The Lord Chancellor, instead of the Secretary of State, shall give the approval required by subsection (6) of section one hundred and sixty-eight of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, in the case of a barrister to be appointed assistant recorder under that section, but any such approval given by the Secretary of State before the coming into force of this subsection shall have effect as if given by the Lord Chancellor.

(3) The Lord Chancellor shall take the place of the Secretary of State—

(a) as the authority to approve a resolution increasing a

recorder’s salary under section one hundred and sixty-three of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, to give any direction under section one hundred and sixty-five of that Act for holding borough quarter sessions oftener than once a quarter, and to sanction a resolution increasing the number of days for Which an assistant recorder may receive remuneration under the Fourth Schedule to that Act; and

(b) as the authority having power to appoint to the office of

recorder within the meaning of the Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates and Clerks of the Peace Act, 1906 (which provides for the appointment and removal of a deputy when it cannot be done by the recorder).

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2239

(4) In section two of the Quarter Sessions (London) Act, 1896 (which relates to the appointment of persons to act temporarily in the office of paid chairman or deputy chairman of the quarter sessions for the county of London), references to the Lord Chancellor shall be substituted for the references to the Secretary of State.

40. In the event of the clerk of the peace for any county or county of a city in Scotland being by reason of ill-health or other cause temporarily unable to discharge the duties of his office or in the event of a vacancy in the office of any such clerk of the peace, it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State on the recommendation of the Lord Advocate to appoint a person to act ad interim in the place of such clerk during his incapacity or until such vacancy be filled.

41. —(1) A billiard licence or music and dancing licence granted at the general annual licensing meeting, transfer sessions or other special sessions for any area may, instead of being signed or signed and sealed by the majority of the justices, be authenticated in accordance with the next following subsection by means of any seal or stamp used in that area to authenticate justices’ licences under the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910.

t (2) The seal or stamp shall be affixed under the authority, given at the meeting or sessions at which the licence is granted, of the justices attending that meeting or sessions and shall be verified by the signature of their clerk, and any seal or stamp purporting to be so affixed and verified shall be received in evidence without further proof.

(3) Where a billiard licence is authenticated by means of a seal or stamp, the necessary adaptations shall be made in the form of licence as set out in the Third Schedule to the Gaming Act, 1845.

(4) In this section, the expression " billiard licence" means a licence under section ten of the Gaming Act, 1845, and the expression " music and dancing licence" means a licence under subsection (2) of section fifty-one of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890, or any similar provision in a local Act.

(5) It is hereby declared—

(a) that licences granted by justices at petty sessions under subsection (11) of section fifty-one of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890 (which relates to fourteen-day licences for music, dancing, etc.) do not require to be authenticated in the way directed by subsection (2) of that section for licences granted under the said subsection (2); and

Part VI

—cont.

Appointment of interim clerk of the peace in Scotland.

Authentication of certain licences.

2240

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Part VI

—com.

Compensation for loss of office.

Expenses and payments into Exchequer.

(b) that licences granted by justices at petty sessions under section five of the Theatres Act, 1843, by virtue of powers delegated to them by a county council under section twenty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1888, do not require to be authenticated or publicly read as originally provided by the said section five for licences granted at a special sessions held thereunder.

42. —(1) The Secretary of State shall by statutory instrument make regulations providing, subject to any exceptions or conditions provided for by the regulations, for the payment of compensation to persons suffering any loss of office or employment, or loss or diminution of emoluments, which is attributable to the coming into force of any of the provisions of Parts II and III of this Act or to anything done under any of those provisions.

(2) The regulations shall not apply to any person unless at the date of the passing of this Act—

(a) he is the holder of an office or employment in respect

of which he is paid a salary by a county or borough council; or

(b) he is employed by the holder of such an office or

employment to assist him in the performance of the duties of that office or employment; or

(c) he would be within one of the foregoing paragraphs but

for any national service (as defined by the regulations) in which he has been engaged.

(3) The compensation payable under the regulations shall be paid by such county or borough council as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(4) The regulations may include provision as to the manner in which, and the persons to whom, any claim for compensation thereunder is to be made and for the determination of questions arising thereunder.

(5) In relation to any such person as is referred to in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of this section, any reference in this section to loss of office or employment shall include loss of the prospect of re-appointment or re-employment.

43. —(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any expenses of the Lord Chancellor or the Secretary of State under this Act and any increase resulting from the provisions of this Act in the sums, which under Part I or Part II of the Local Government Act, 1948, or under section seventy-seven of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948, fall to be paid out of moneys so provided.

1949 Justices of Ch. 101 2241

the Peace Act, 1949

(2) There shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the Part VI

growing produce thereof— —corn.

(a) any increase resulting from the provisions of this Act in any superannuation allowance payable under the Police Magistrates (Superannuation) Acts, 1915 and 1929;

(b) any contributions towards the pension under this Act of a stipendiary magistrate which are payable in respect of any service as a metropolitan stipendiary magistrate.

(3) There shall be paid into the Exchequer—

(a) all sums received by the Secretary of State under sub-

section (1) of section twenty-seven of this Act; and

(b) any contributions under this Act towards the pension of a

metropolitan stipendiary magistrate.

44.—(1) In this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise Interpretation, requires, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively: —

"county" has the meaning assigned to it by section ten of this Act or that assigned to it by section sixteen thereof according to the context;

" county justice " does not include a justice for the City of London or, in relation to the county of London, a metropolitan stipendiary magistrate;

"court of quarter sessions" includes any committee by which the powers and duties of such a court are exercisable by virtue of any Act;

" justices* clerk means a clerk to the justices for a petty sessions area and in relation to a time before the coming into force of section ten of this Act includes a clerk to any of the justices for a riding or division of a county, for the Isle of Ely or for the Soke of Peterborough;

" magistrate" means in relation to a county or a borough having a separate commission of the peace a justice of the peace for the county or borough, but does not include a justice whose name is entered in the supplemental list kept in connection with the county or borough commission, and in relation to a part of a county (other than a borough having a separate commission of the peace) means a magistrate for the county who ordinarily acts in and for that part;

2242

Part VI

—cont.

Commence-

ment.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

" magistrates’ court" means a court of summary jurisdiction or examining justices, and includes a single examining justice;

"metropolitan stipendiary magistrate" means a metropolitan police magistrate;

" metropolitan stipendiary court" means a metropolitan police court;

" metropolitan stipendiary court area" means the metropolitan police court area;

" petty sessions area" means any of the following areas, that is to say, a borough having a separate commission of the peace, a county not divided into petty sessional divisions and a petty sessional division of a county;

" prescribed " in Part III of this Act means prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State by statutory instrument;

"stipendiary magistrate" includes a metropolitan stipendiary magistrate.

(2) Any Order in Council under this Act may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council thereunder.

(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, include a reference to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by any other enactment, including this Act.

(4) Save as expressly provided by this Act, it shall have effect notwithstanding any local or other special right or privilege of whatever origin.

(5) The inclusion in this Act of any express saving or amendment shall not be taken as prejudicing the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

45.—(1) This Act shall come into force on such day as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint.

(2) Except in so far as this Act provides to the contrary, different days may be appointed under this section for the purpose of different provisions of this Act and for different purposes of the same provision.

(3) Any Order in Council under this section may make such transitional provision as appears to His Majesty to be necessary or expedient in connection with the provisions thereby brought

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

into force, including such adaptations of those provisions or of any provisions of this Act then in force as appear to His Majesty necessary or expedient in consequence of the partial operation of this Act (whether before or after the day appointed by the Order).

(4) Provision shall be made by Order in Council under this section for securing that so far as practicable questions as to the salaries under section nineteen of this Act of justices’ clerks holding office immediately before the date when that section comes into force, and other questions arising under that section on its coming into force, shall be determined before it comes into force and, so far as it is not practicable for any such clerk’s salary to be determined as aforesaid, for securing either that the subsequent determination thereof shall have effect from the coming into force of section nineteen of this Act or that pending the determination thereof subsections (2) to (6) of section nineteen and subsection (8) of section twenty-one of this Act shall apply to him only to such extent and subject to such modifications as may be determined by or in accordance with the Order.

46.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Seventh Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that the repeal by this subsection of any enactment relating to petty sessional divisions shall not affect the division of a county into petty sessional divisions as it exists at the coming into force of the repeal.

(3) This Act extends to England and Wales only except that the following provisions shall extend to Scotland, videlicet: —

(a) sections one, three to six, eight, nine, fourteen, forty,

forty-three to forty-five, antj subsection (1) of this section;

(b) the First Schedule;

(c) subsection (2) of this section and Part I of the Seventh

Schedule, so far as relating to the Justices of the Peace Act, 1906, and the Justices (Supplemental List) Act, 1941; and

(d) any other provision so far as it affects section thirty-

eight of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937 (which relates to reciprocal arrangements between England and Scotland).

2243

Part VI

—cont.

Citation, repeal and extent.

2244

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Section 1

Section 10

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Justices Exempt from Residence Qualification

Office Area

Lord Chancellor, Lord President or a Any area, member of the Privy Council, Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal, Judge of the Supreme Court, Lord Justice General, Lord Justice Clerk, Judge of the Court of Session, Attorney General, Lord Advocate, Solicitor General, Solicitor General for Scotland.

Custos rotulorum The area for which he is

custos.

Judge of a county court The area in which the court

is held.

Sheriff or sheriff substitute in Scotland Any area comprised in the

sheriffdom of which he is sheriff or sheriff substitute.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Provisions Consequential on Changes in Commission of the Peace

Interpretation

1.—(1) In this Schedule in relation to a time before the coming into

force of section ten of this Act—

(a) the expression " county " includes a riding or division of a county having a separate commission of the peace, the

• liberty of the Isle of Ely and the Soke of Peterborough, but does not include county of a city or a town;

(b) references to the county in which a borough is situated, in the

case of a borough which is a county of a city or a town, refer to the county by which it is surrounded or which it adjoins.

(2) In this Schedule the expression " Hampshire" means the administrative county of Southampton and the expression " county of Southampton " (except in this sub-paragraph) means the entire county of Southampton inclusive of the Isle of Wight.

(3) In this Schedule the expression " borough losing its commission" means any non-county borough which has an existing commission of the peace but is not mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act or in any order of the Lord Chancellor under section ten of this Act.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2245

Continuance of existing commissions, .

2. —(1) The existing commission of the peace for any county and the supplemental list kept in connection therewith shall have effect for the county within the meaning of subsection (1) of section ten of this Act, and any existing appointment made in connection with the commission (including that of custos rotulorum and of any justice appointed otherwise than by the commission) and any existing appointment made by or in connection with any court of quarter sessions for the county or any division thereof shall have effect accordingly.

(2) The schedule to any existing commission of the peace for a borough losing its commission, or for the liberty of Ripon, and the supplemental list kept in connection with any such commission shall be treated for the purposes of the foregoing sub-paragraph as having formed part respectively of the schedule to the existing commission of the peace for the county in which the borough or liberty is situated and of the supplemental list kept in connection with that commission.

(3) The foregoing sub-paragraphs shall apply in relation to East and West Suffolk, to East and West Sussex and to Hampshire and the Isle of Wight as if they had been separate counties for the purposes of justices before the coming into force of section ten of this Act, and as if the existing commissions of the peace for the counties of Suffolk, Sussex and Southampton respectively had been issued separately for each of the two divisions thereof referred to in this sub-paragraph and the supplemental list kept in connection with any of those commissions had been a list for each of the two divisions.

(4) With respect to any such appointments in the counties of Suffolk, Sussex and Southampton as are referred to in sub-paragraph

(1) of this paragraph the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) the appointment of a custos rotulorum shall have effect as if made for each division of the county;

(b) any other appointments relating to the whole county shall have effect in Suffolk and Sussex as if made for each division thereof, and in the county of Southampton (subject to the following provisions of this Schedule) as if made for Hampshire;

(c) appointments made by the court of quarter sessions for the

coimty of Southampton shall have effect as if made by a court of quarter sessions for the division to which they relate or, if they relate to the whole county, by a court of quarter sessions for Hampshire.

3. —(1) The existing commission of the peace for any of the cinque ports, other than a borough losing its commission, shall have effect for the borough only exclusive of any part of the members and liberties of the cinque port outside the limits of the borough; and any supplemental list kept in connection therewith, the existing grant of quarter sessions to the borough and any appointment in connection with the •commission or grant shall have effect accordingly.

(2) This paragraph shall apply in relation to the ancient town of Rye as if it were one of the cinque ports.

2nd Sch. —coni.

2246

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

2nd Sch. 4. A person who has taken the oaths required by law as justice of —cont. the peace for any area shall not be required to take any oath on

becoming by virtue of any of the foregoing paragraphs a justice of the peace for a different area.

Petty sessional divisions

5. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph the existing petty sessional divisions of any county shall form petty sessional divisions of the county within the meaning of subsection (1) of section ten of this Act.

(2) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph the existing petty sessional divisions of Suffolk, and the existing petty sessional divisions of Sussex, shall respectively form petty sessional divisions of East Suffolk or West Suffolk and of East Sussex or West Sussex according to their situation and the existing petty sessional divisions of the county of Southampton, except the Isle of Wight division, shall form petty sessional divisions of Hampshire.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to an existing petty sessional division consisting of, or wholly comprised in, a county borough or a borough losing its commission; and, where any existing petty sessional division of a county includes the whole or part of any such borough in addition to an area not situated in any such borough, the said provisions shall apply to that area as if it were an existing petty sessional division in itself.

6. —(1) Where by virtue of paragraph 2 of this Schedule the existing justices for a borough become justices for a county, the borough shall become a petty sessional division of that county.

(2) Each of the existing petty sessional divisions of the liberty of Ripon, exclusive of any part of the borough of Ripon included therein, shall become a petty sessional division of the West Riding of Yorkshire.

(3) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall apply to the boroughs of Ryde and Newport in the Isle of Wight, notwithstanding that the Island is not otherwise divided into petty sessional divisions, and the remainder of the Island shall become a separate petty sessional division thereof.

7. Where in a county divided into petty sessional divisions any area not included in a borough having a separate commission of the peace does not form part of an existing petty sessional division of the county, and neither of the two last foregoing paragraphs applies to it, it shall, as the Secretary of State may by order direct, become either a petty sessional division of the county or a part of such petty sessional division thereof as may be so directed.

Existing clerks to justices

8.—(1) The justices* clerk for any existing petty sessional division of a county shall become justices* clerk for any petty sessional division formed out of the first mentioned division or any part thereof under paragraph S or sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 6 of this Schedule.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2247

(2) Where by virtue of paragraph 2 of this Schedule the existing 2nd Sch. justices for a borough become justices for a county, the existing clerk

to those justices shall become justices' clerk for the petty sessional division consisting of the borough.

(3) The justices* clerk for each of the existing petty sessional divisions of the liberty of Ripon shall become justices' clerk for the corresponding petty sessional division of the West Riding of Yorkshire.

(4) Subject to this Act, a person who becomes justices* clerk for a petty sessional division by virtue of this paragraph shall continue to receive remuneration equal to his existing remuneration until otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions applicable to clerks to county justices.

(5) Where by virtue of this paragraph a person (whether a justices' clerk or employed by a justices' clerk) becomes a contributory employee under a county council instead of a borough council, he shall be entitled to the benefit of subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937 (which provides for reckoning previous service under a different authority), without giving the information required by the proviso to that subsection.

(6) In the case of a person who before the coming into force of section ten of this Act has been a contributory employee by virtue of section twenty of the said Act of 1937, or any corresponding provision of a local Act scheme, any rules made under section one of the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948 (which relates to national service), so far as they refer to an employment in which he was a contributory employee as aforesaid and which he left before the coming into force of the said section ten, shall have effect as if the said section ten had not been passed.

Coroners

9.—(1) Any existing coroner appointed under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, for a borough losing its commission shall become a coroner for the county in which the borough is situated, and any existing appointment of a person as his deputy or assistant deputy shall have effect accordingly.

(2) A person who becomes a county coroner by virtue of this paragraph shall continue to receive a salary equal to his existing salary, until otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions applicable to county coroners.

(3) Where a person becomes a county coroner by virtue of this paragraph, his service as coroner of the borough shall count as service as coroner of the county for the purpose of section six of the Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926 (which relates to superannuation); and if he held office as coroner of the borough at the commencement of that Act that section shall apply to him as county coroner if, but only if, it applied to him as borough coroner.

(4) The abolition by this Act of the court of quarter sessions of Faversham shall not extend to Faversham the jurisdiction, powers or authority of the coroner of Dover.

2248

Ch: 101

Justices of

the Peace , 1949.

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

2nd Soh. 10.—(1) Where by virtue of the last foregoing paragraph the coroner

—corn. of a borough becomes coroner of a county, the borough shall become

a coroner’s district of the county and the district shall be deemed to have been assigned to him.

(2) The foregoing sub-paragraph shall apply notwithstanding that there are no existing coroners' districts in the county, and in that case the area for which the existing county coroner acted shall also be deemed to be a coroner's district and to have been assigned to him.

(3) Sections five, nineteen and twenty of the Coroners Act, 1844 (which relate to the assignment of districts to county coroners and to the residence and jurisdiction of the county coroners within districts assigned to them), shall apply to districts formed by virtue of this paragraph and the coroners deemed to have been assigned thereto as they apply in other cases:

Provided that this sub-paragraph shall not require a former borough coroner to change his existing residence.

, (4) The Secretary of State shall not make an order under section

twelve of the Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926 (which relates to the alteration of coroners’ districts), so as to affect any district formed by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph so long as the former borough coroner holds office for that district and objects to the order.

Sheriffs

11.—(1) In the application of the Sheriffs Act, 1887, to any sheriff or under sheriff for a county which includes two counties within the meaning of section ten of this Act, references to a justice of the peace for the county in the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) section seven and subsection (3) of section twenty-three (which relate to the making of a declaration of office before a justice); and

(b) section seventeen (which precludes the sheriff from acting as a justice);

shall be taken as references to a justice for either of the said two counties, and the reference in subsection (1) of section thirty (which provides for filing the declaration of office) to the clerk of the peace for the county shall be taken as a reference to the clerk of the peace having the custody of the records which include the declarations made before the coming into force of section ten of this Act.

(2) In the application of the said Act to any sheriff or under sheriff of any borough which is a borough losing its commission, but is a county of a city or a town, the said references shall be taken as references to a justice of the peace or the clerk of the peace, as the case may be, of the county within the meaning of section ten of this Act in which the borough is situated, and in the case of any such borough any jurisdiction conferred by the said Act on the recorder or court of quarter sessions of the borough may be exercised by the court of quarter sessions for the said county.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2249

Jurors 2nd Sch.

12. Any provision of this Act extending or limiting the area in which conL

a court of quarter sessions has jurisdiction shall have effect also for the purpose of jurors to serve at that court.

Special provisions for Hampshire and Isle of Wight

13.—(1) The court of quarter sessions for the Isle of Wight shall not have jurisdiction to deal—

(a) with any person committed for trial or sentence before the

date of the coming into force of section ten of this Act; or

(b) with any appeal brought (whether before that date or not) from a conviction, sentence, order or decision before that date, except an appeal against conviction brought by a person who is sentenced or committed for sentence in pursuance of the conviction after that date;

and the court of quarter sessions for Hampshire shall have the same jurisdiction to deal with any such person as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this sub-paragraph and any such appeal as is mentioned in paragraph (b) thereof as if it were a court of quarter sessions for the county of Southampton.

(2) The justices for the Isle of Wight shall as soon as practicable after the coming into force of the said section ten hold a special sessions at which—

(a) they shall appoint a chairman of the court of quarter sessions for the Island, unless they determine to apply to the Lord Chancellor for the appointment of a legally qualified chairman under section one of the Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1938;

(b) they shall appoint a clerk of the peace for the Island;

(c) they shall fix the times for holding quarter sessions for the

Island in accordance with section twenty-two of the Criminal Justice Act, 1925;

(d) they shall make such other appointments and transact such other business (being appointments or business which a court of quarter sessions for a county has power to make or transact) as appear to them to be required before the first meeting of the court of quarter sessions for the Island.

(3) The justices for the Isle of Wight shall not be required to hold a court of quarter sessions before the expiration of three months from the coming into force of the said section ten or have power by virtue of anything in paragraph (d) of the last foregoing sub-paragraph to deal at the special sessions required by that sub-paragraph with any person committed for trial or sentence or with any appeal.

(4) Notwithstanding the general provision of this Schedule limiting to Hampshire any appointments made for the whole county of Southampton by the court of quarter sessions thereof, any committee appointed by that court to act for the purposes of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, as compensation or confirming authority for the county of Southampton shall, until the expiration of one year

4 D

2250

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

2nd Sch. from the beginning of the last Epiphany sessions for the county of —cont. Southampton, continue to act as aforesaid as if the county of Southampton remained one county for purposes of justices and as if the justices for Hampshire and the justices for the Isle of Wight were justices for the county of Southampton:

Provided that casual vacancies on any such committee shall be filled by the court of quarter sessions for Hampshire.

(5) Notwithstanding the general provision referred to in the last foregoing sub-paragraph, the following provisions shall have effect with respect to appointments made under the Lunacy Act, 1890, by the court of quarter sessions for the county of Southampton, namely—

(a) any appointment under section ten of that Act of a justice to

make reception orders, if at the coming into force of section ten of this Act the justice is resident in the Isle of Wight, shall have effect for the Island as if made by a court of quarter sessions for the Island, and shall not have effect for Hampshire unless the justice is then resident in Hampshire too; and

(b) until the expiration of one year from the beginning of the last Michaelmas quarter sessions for the county of Southampton, the visitors of licensed houses appointed under section one hundred and seventy-seven of that Act shall continue to act as such for the whole county of Southampton as if it remained one county for purposes of justices and as if the justices for Hampshire and the justices for the Isle of Wight were justices for the county of Southampton, so, however, that any power or duty of quarter sessions in relation to the visitors shall belong to the court of quarter sessions for Hampshire and any reference to the clerk of the peace in relation to the visitors shall be construed as a reference to the clerk of the peace for Hampshire.

(6) As at the date when the committee referred to in sub-paragraph

(4) of this paragraph ceases to act as compensation authority for the county of Southampton, the assets standing to the credit of the accounts of Hampshire and of the Isle of Wight in the compensation fund of the said authority shall respectively become assets of the compensation funds of the compensation authority for Hampshire and of the compensation authority for the Isle of Wight, and any rights or liabilities of the authority for the county of Southampton in respect of their fund shall vest in the authority for Hampshire or the authority for the Isle of Wight accordingly.

(7) Any buildings which at the coming into force of section, ten of this Act are vested in or held in trust for the Hampshire and Isle of Wight county councils jointly and are used in connection with assizes or with quarter sessions shall pass to, vest in and be held in trust for the Hampshire county council alone, and there shall cease to have effect any special provision made in relation to quarter sessions by the order constituting the Isle of Wight a separate county and confirmed by the Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2) Act, 1889.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2251

(8) In determining the costs of assizes for the purposes of the said 2nd Sch. order, the expenses of the Hampshire county council in respect of any —cont. buildings which besides being used in connection with assizes are used

in connection with the Hampshire quarter sessions or for administrative purposes of that council shall be treated as costs of assizes so far only as may be determined by agreement between the Hampshire and Isle of Wight county councils or, in default of agreement, by arbitration.

(9) There shall also be determined as aforesaid any other question arising between those councils with respect to their property and liabilities in consequence of the coming into force of section ten of this Act.

Property and liabilities

14. —(1) Where by virtue of paragraph 2 of this Schedule the existing justices for a borough become justices for a county, the borough council shall continue to provide, on such terms as may be agreed between them and the county council or, in default of agreement, may be determined by the Secretary of State, the accommodation and other things required for the due transaction of the business, and convenient keeping of the records and documents, of the justices for the petty sessional division consisting of the borough.

(2) This paragraph shall apply until the coming into force of section twenty-five of this Act and, unless otherwise agreed between the county and borough councils with the approval of the magistrates' courts committee acting for the county, until the expiration of one year thereafter.

15. —(1) Where by virtue of paragraph 9 of this Schedule, the existing coroner for a borough becomes coroner for a county, the borough council shall continue, on such terms as may be agreed between them and the county council or, in default of agreement, may be determined by the Secretaty of State, to allow the coroner the use of any accommodation of which they allowed him the use as borough coroner.

(2) Unless otherwise agreed between the county and borough councils, this paragraph shall apply until the expiration of one year from its coming into force.

16. Subject to the three last foregoing paragraphs His Majesty may by Order in Council make such provision with respect to the apportionment and transfer of property and liabilities, and with respect to the making or revision of any equitable adjustment between county and borough councils, as appears to Him to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the abolition by this Act of any commission of the peace or grant of quarter sessions, or of any change made by this Act in the area in which any court of quarter sessions or justices have jurisdiction.

Power to make supplementary provisions

17.—(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council make such provision as appears to Him necessary or expedient to avoid interruption or inconvenience in the administration of justice or the discharge of other functions of justices (including recorders) in consequence of the establishment or abolition by this Act of any commission of the peace

4 D 2

2252

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

2nd Sch. or court of quarter sessions, or of any change made by this Act in the —cont. area in which any court of quarter sessions or justices have jurisdiction.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing sub-paragraph, any Order in Council made thereunder may include provision—

(a) as to the exercise of any jurisdiction conferred on any justices in or out of quarter sessions (including a recorder) by any Act or other instrument;

(b) as to the effect of process issued, orders made, appeals brought,

cases stated, licences granted and other things done before the establishment, abolition or change;

(c) as to the preservation and custody of writs, process, records

and documents;

(d) where a borough ceases to have a recorder, as to the person who is to take his place as judge of any court for the trial of civil actions.

(3) Where it appears to His Majesty that any court with respect to which He has power to make provision as mentioned in paragraph (</) of the last foregoing sub-paragraph is disused, the Order in Council may provide for the abolition of the court instead of for the appointment of a judge thereto.

(4) An Order in Council under this paragraph may provide for enabling any recorder or justices to continue for such period as may be specified in the Order to act, either generally or in the exercise of a particular jurisdiction or to such other extent as may be so specified, as if this Act had not been passed, and may make incidental and supplementary provision for that purpose, including provision for continuing the appointment, powers and duties of any officer and for adapting enactments relating to the payment of expenses (including the remuneration of a recorder or of any officer) or to the filling of casual vacancies on any committee or body consisting of or including justices.

Savings on separation of counties and county boroughs

18. —(1) Where any existing enactment contains, in relation to justices of the peace, a reference to a particular county which at the passing of this Act is treated for purposes of justices as including any county borough, His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that the enactment shall apply in relation to the county borough as it applies in relation to the county, if it appears to Him expedient so to do for the purpose of giving effect to the intention of that enactment

(2) An Order in Council made under the foregoing sub-paragraph with respect to any enactment may direct, that notwithstanding paragraph 2 of this Schedule, any existing appointment for the county made under or for the purposes of the enactment shall have effect for the county borough as well as for the county.

19. For the purpose of the jurisdiction of the chancellor, vice-chancellor and deputy vice-chancellor of the University of Oxford as justices of the peace for the county of Oxford, and of that of any other justices for that county sitting with them or any of them at a

courthouse appointed under the Oxford University (Justices) Act, 1886, the county borough of Oxford shall continue to be treated as forming part of the county of Oxford.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2253

Saving for Soke of Peterborough

20. The justices for the Soke of Peterborough shall, by virtue of the commission of the peace and without any further commission, have within the county the same jurisdiction as before the coming into force of section ten of this Act the justices for the liberty had within the liberty by virtue of the commissions of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery customarily issued to those justices, but as respects any matters within their competence as justices of the peace shall act as such and not as justices of oyer and terminer or justices of gaol delivery.

Saving for Romney Marsh

21. Nothing in this Act shall affect the election, appointment or functions of any member or officer of the reputed corporation of the bailiff, jurats and commonalty of Romney Marsh, or of the reputed corporation of the lords, bailiff and jurats of Romney Marsh, except that no person shall by virtue of any such election or appointment be a justice of the peace for Romney Marsh or exercise any functions attached by charter or otherwise to the office of such a justice and for the purpose of any such functions the liberty of Romney Marsh shall merge in the county of Kent and for the purpose of coroners become part of the Hythe coroner’s district.

THIRD SCHEDULE Non-County Boroughs Retaining Commissions of Peace

Part I

Boroughs with a population of 65,000 or over

Luton Stockton-on-Tees

Newcastle-under-Lyme Swindon

Poole

Cambridge

Chesterfield

Hove

Part II

Boroughs with a population between 35,000 and 65,000

Accrington

Ashton-under-Lyne

Batley

Bedford

Chepping Wycombe

Colchester

Crewe

Eccles

Folkestone

Gravesend

Guildford

Harrogate

Keighley

Kidderminster

Kingston-upon-Thames

Lancaster

Leamington

Leigh

Lowestoft

Macclesfield

Maidstone

Mansfield

Margate

Morecambe and Heysham

Morley

Nelson

Port Talbot

Ramsgate

Part III

Reigate

Richmond (Surrey)

Rochester

St. Alban

Scarborough

Shrewsbury

Stafford

Sutton Coldfield Torquay Tunbridge Wells Wallsend Wednesbury Weymouth and Melcombe Regis

Quarter sessions boroughs with a population between 20,000 and 35,000 Bridgwater Hereford Pontefract

Deal King’s Lynn Salisbury

Dover Newark Winchester

Grantham Penzance Windsor

2nd Sch. —cont.

Sections 10,12.

2254

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Section 16.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

CONSTITUTION BTC., OF MaGICTRATB* COUKTS Committees

Constitution, establishment etc. of committees

1.—(1) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, a magistrates’ courts committee shall be composed of magistrates for the county or borough for which the committee acts or, in the case of a committee for a joint committee area, each such county or borough.

(2) The custos rotulorum of a county shall by virtue of his office be a member of any magistrates' courts committee acting for the county or any division thereof.

(3) The chairman of the court of quarter sessions for a county or a quarter sessions division of a county shall by virtue of his office be a member of the magistrates' courts committee acting for the county or division:

Provided that, if the chairman is unwilling to be a member, the deputy chairman or, if there are two or more deputy chairmen, one of them nominated by the chairman shall, if willing, be a member in the place of the chairman.

(4) The magistrates' courts committee for a county divided into petty sessional divisions, or for a joint committee area including such a county, shall consist (in addition to the ex officio members and, in the case of a joint committee area, to the members from other parts of the area) of one magistrate chosen from amongst themselves by the magistrates for each of the petty sessional divisions of the county and one magistrate chosen from amongst themselves by the magistrates for each of the non-county boroughs (if any) in the county which have a separate commission of the peace but no separate magistrates' courts committee.

(5) The magistrates’ courts committee for a county not divided into petty sessional divisions or for a borough shall consist (in addition, in the case of a county, to the ex officio members) of such number of magistrates chosen by the magistrates of the county or borough as they may determine.

(6) The magistrates* courts committee for a joint committee area which includes a county not divided into petty sessional divisions or a county borough shall consist (in addition to the ex officio members from any such county included in the area and to the members from other parts of the area) of such number of magistrates chosen from amongst themselves by the magistrates for the county or borough as may for the time being be determined by or in accordance with the order directing that the area shall be a joint committee area.

(7) The Secretary of State may by statutory instrument make general regulations (subject, except as hereinafter mentioned, to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph) about the constitution and quorum of magistrates’ courts committees.

(8) The regulations may—

(a) lay down upper and lower limits for the number of members of which the committee for a county not divided into petty sessional divisions or for a borough may be composed; and

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

(b) direct that where, in a county divided into petty sessional divisions, the total number of the divisions and of the boroughs referred to in sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph is less than that specified in the regulations, there shall from each division or borough be such number of members on any magistrates' courts committee acting for the county as may be so specified (the number being the same for all the divisions and boroughs).

(9) The Secretary of State may give general or special directions with respect to summoning the first meetings of magistrates* courts committees.

2. —(1) There shall be a single magistrates' courts committee for a joint committee area if, but only if, the area is for the time being directed by an order of the Secretary of State to be a joint committee area.

(2) No order directing that an area shall be a joint committee area shall be made except on the application of the magistrates for each county or county borough included in the area.

3. —(1) There shall be a separate magistrates' courts committee for a non-county borough having a separate commission of the peace and a population at the time of the establishment of the committee of sixty-five thousand or over, if, but only if, it is for the time being so directed by an order of the Secretary of State.

(2) No order directing that there shall be, or shall cease to be, a separate magistrates' courts committee for such a borough shall be made except on the application of the magistrates for the borough.

4. —(1) A quarter sessions division of a county shall be treated for the purpose of the establishment and functions of a magistrates' courts committee as a separate county if, but only if, it is for the time being directed to be so treated by an order of the Secretary of State.

(2) No order directing that a quarter sessions division of a county shall be, or shall cease to be, treated as a separate county shall be made except on the application of the magistrates for each division of the county.

5. —(1) Subject to the following sub-paragraphs, the magistrates for a county or a quarter sessions division of a county shall act for the purpose of any of the foregoing paragraphs at quarter sessions.

(2) Where a county is divided into quarter sessions divisions and those divisions are not for the time being directed to be treated as separate counties, the magistrates for the county shall act for the purposes of paragraph 2 of this Schedule at a joint sessions for the whole county held for the purpose.

(3) The Secretary of State may give such directions as he thinks fit for removing any difficulties as to the summoning of a sessions required by the last foregoing sub-paragraph, and a sessions summoned in accordance with his directions shall be deemed to have been duly summoned.

6. Any order of the Secretary of State under paragraph 2, 3 or 4 of this Schedule may, if it relates to an area for which a magistrates'

2255

4th Sch. —com.

2256

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

4ih Sch. courts committee is already acting, contain such consequential and

—cont. transitional provisions for the preservation of rights and liabilities

of that committee or otherwise as appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient.

Proceedings etc., of Committees

7. A magistrates' courts committee shall be a body corporate.

8. The proceedings of a magistrates' courts committee shall not be invalidated by reason of any vacancy therein or of any defect in the appointment of a member.

9. —(1) A magistrates* courts committee shall appoint one of the members to be chairman of the committee and, subject to the following sub-paragraph, shall also appoint a clerk to the committee and may appoint such other officers (if any) as the Secretary of State may approve.

(2) Where there is a separate magistrates* courts committee for a borough or for a county not divided into petty sessional divisions, the clerk to the borough or county justices shall by virtue of his office be the clerk to the committee.

10. A magistrates' courts committee may act through subcommittees appointed by them.

11. Subject to the provisions of this Act a magistrates' courts committee shall have power to regulate its own procedure including quorum.

Section 22. FIFTH SCHEDULE

Modifications of Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937,

IN RELATION TO JUSTICES' CLERKS AND THEIR STAFF

Part I General Modifications

1. —(1) Paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section three of the 1937 Act (which relates to the servants and part time officers who are to be contributory employees) shall not apply, but a justices' clerk who is a part time officer shall be a contributory employee if—

(a) he is a justices' clerk of any such class or description as may be specified for the purposes of this paragraph by order of the Secretary of State; or

(b) the magistrates' courts committee appointing him determine, with the prior approval of the council, that he shall be a contributory employee.

(2) A statutory instrument containing an order made for the purposes of this paragraph shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

2. The appropriate superannuation fund in relation to any employment shall be that in the benefits of which contributory employees of the council are entitled to participate, and subsections (1) and (2) of section four of the 1937 Act shall not apply.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2257

3. —(1) There shall be paid by the council—

(a) the equivalent contributions of the employing authority under subsection (2) of section six of the 1937 Act and any payment required from the employing authority under that subsection by virtue of any scheme under section twenty-two of that Act;

(b) the sums required by subsection (4) of section eight of the 1937 Act to be repaid to the appropriate superannuation fund in respect of any resolution of the magistrates' courts committee under subsection (2) of that section increasing a person's superannuation allowance;

(c) any gratuity granted by the magistrates' courts committee under section eleven of the 1937 Act;

and references to the employing authority in those sections and in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section twenty-one of the 1937 Act shall be construed accordingly.

(2) The council may make the same deductions (if any) under subsection (3) of section six of the 1937 Act from a person's remuneration for any employment as if they were the employing authority.

(3) Subsection (4) of section six of the 1937 Act (which requires an employee to deliver a statement of remuneration received from outside sources) shall not apply.

(4) Any regulations under subsection (6) of section thirty-six of the 1937 Act with respect to the administrative action to be taken by local authorities may provide for anything to be done by or to the council where apart from this provision they could provide for it to be done by or to the magistrates' courts committee.

4. —(1) Where a justices' clerk on attaining the age of sixty-five years has not completed forty years' service, then (in relation to his employment as justices' clerk) for any reference to that age in the 1937 Act, except in subsection (1) of section eight (which relates to eligibility for pension whether on voluntary or compulsory retirement), there shall be substituted a reference to the age of seventy or the age at which he completes forty years' service, whichever is the earlier.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph, one half only of any noncontributing service shall be taken into account

5. No gratuity shall be granted by a magistrates' courts committee under subsection (1) of section eleven of the 1937 Act to an employee on his ceasing to be employed by them in an employment in respect of which he was not immediately before he ceased to be employed therein a contributory employee.

6. A person's remuneration for any employment where he has more than one and does not receive separate remuneration for that employment, shall be taken to be that part of his entire remuneration which is paid by the council or, where the remuneration for more than one employment is paid by the same council, such part of that remuneration as may be agreed between him and the council or as, in default of agreement, may be determined by the Secretary of State.

7. —(1) Any action taken by a magistrates’ courts committee in increasing a person's superannuation allowance under the proviso to

4 D*

5th Sgh. —cont.

2258

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

5th Sgh. paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section eight of the 1937 Act, or in —cont. directing any sum to be paid out of the appropriate superannuation fund in respect of a person’s contributions thereto under subsection (4) of section ten of the 1937 Act, or in granting a gratuity under section eleven of the 1937 Act, shall forthwith be reported by them to the council.

(2) If the council is dissatisfied with the action they may appeal against it to the Secretary of State whose decision shall be final.

8. Any provisions of a local Act which amend the 1937 Act may be adapted by order of the Minister of Health.

9. In this Part of this Schedule the expression " the council " in relation to any employment means the council paying a person’s remuneration for that employment.

Part II

Transitional Provisions

10. Where under the proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty of the 1937 Act notice was given by a justices’ clerk excluding the application of that Act in relation to his clerkship, the notice shall have the same effect to exclude the 1937 Act as applied by this Act.

11. An existing clerk or employee shall be entitled to the benefit of subsection (1) of section thirteen of the 1937 Act on becoming by virtue of subsection (1) of section twenty-three of this Act a contributory employee of a magistrates* courts committee without giving the' information required by the proviso to that subsection.

12. —(1) In relation to an existing clerk or employee, subsections (2) and (3) of section seven of the 1937 Act (which relate to extensions of service after the retiring age) shall have effect with the substitution for any reference to the appointed day in subsection (2) of a reference to the date of the coining into force of section nineteen of this Act and with the omission of any such reference in subsection (3):

Provided that if, in the case of a justices* clerk who is a part time officer, it is not possible to determine on the said date whether he then becomes a contributory employee of the magistrates’ courts committee by virtue of any order of the Secretary of State under paragraph 1 of this Schedule (whether because his salary under section nineteen of this Act has not then been fixed or because the order gives him an option exercisable after that date or for similar reasons), the reference to be substituted in the said subsection (2) shall be a reference to the date on which it becomes possible to determine that question.

(2) In relation to an existing clerk or employee who immediately before the coming into force of section nineteen of this Act has attained the age of sixty-five years and is not a contributory employee by virtue of section twenty of the 1937 Act, subsection (5) of section eight of that Act (which relates to the remuneration to be taken into account in fixing the rate of pension) shall have effect with the following modifications:—

(a) the expression " service " in that subsection shall include any service rendered after attaining the said age which it would have included if rendered before attaining it; and

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2259

(b) for any reference to the appointed day in proviso (a) to that subsection there shall be substituted a reference to the date of the coming into force of section nineteen of this Act.

13. —<1) In relation to an existing or former clerk or employee, the expression 44 service '* shall include, in addition to any service within the meaning assigned to that expression by Part III of the 1937 Act or which he is otherwise entitled to reckon apart from this paragraph, any service rendered after attaining the age of eighteen years and before attaining the age of sixty-five years, being either—

(a) service as a justices' clerk; or

(b) service in the employment of a justices' clerk or clerks during

which he devoted substantially the whole of his time to assisting the justices’ clerk or clerks in the performance of the duties appertaining to his or their clerkship or clerkships or partly to that and partly to duties under a local authority; or

(c) service as collecting officer or in the employment of a collecting officer or officers during which he devoted substantially the whole of his time to performing or assisting in the performance of the duties of collecting officer or partly to that and partly to duties under a local authority :

Provided that—

(i) paragraph 4 of this Schedule shall apply to the reference in this sub-paragraph to the age of sixty-five years as it applies to references to that age in the 1937 Act (except subsection (1) of section eight); and

(ii) paragraph (c) of this sub-paragraph shall apply only in the case of an existing clerk or employee.

(2) Where this paragraph has applied to a person, and he is at any time a contributory employee otherwise than in the capacity in which it applied to him, the expression 44 service '* shall include any service which it included in relation to him in that capacity.

(3) Where a person is entitled to reckon any period as service by virtue only of proviso (i) to sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, he shall be entitled to reckon that period as contributing service if—

(a) he would have been required to pay contributions in respect of that period had he not attained the age of sixty-five years; and

(b) within three months after the date of the coming into force of section nineteen of this Act he pays to the council to whom he pays contributions immediately after that date a sum equal to the contributions which he would have been required to pay as aforesaid;

and, where he does so, the sum shall be deemed to be contributions in respect of that period.

(4) In this and the two next following paragraphs, references to a justices' clerk include a clerk to the justices of a liberty.

14. Where an existing or former clerk or employee has been collecting officer of any court, or employed by the collecting officer of any court to assist him in the performance of his duties as such

4 D* 2

5th Sch.

—cont.

2260

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

5th Sch. the time devoted by him thereto and his remuneration in respect

—cont. thereof during any period when he was clerk of that court, or was

employed by that clerk to assist him in the duties appertaining to his clerkship, shall be treated in reckoning his service under the last foregoing paragraph and the remuneration in respect of that service as time devoted to and remuneration in respect of the duties of the clerkship or the employment by the clerk in connection with those duties, as the case may be.

15. A person’s remuneration as justices’ clerk for any period for which he is not or was not paid a salary determined in accordance with section twenty-six of this Act, and a person’s remuneration as collecting officer for any period, shall be taken to be or have been the salary and other payments paid or made to him as such and retained by him for his own use, after deducting the amount of any salaries or other sums paid by him to persons employed by him in connection with his duties as clerk or collecting officer, and after deducting the amount of his office expenses (if any).

16. In relation to an existing clerk or employee, paragraph ( ) of Part III of the Second Schedule to the 1937 Act (which confers special rights on persons superannuate before that Act) shall continue to apply if it applied in relation to him immediately before he ceased to be a contributory employee by virtue of section twenty of that Act.

17. —(1) Every administering authority maintaining a superannuation fund to which employees of any relevant council contribute shall obtain from an actuary a certificate as to the amount necessary to be paid by the council into the fund annually during a period not exceeding twenty years on account of the burden imposed on the fund by this Act in respect of existing clerks or employees who become by virtue of subsection (1), (5) or (6) of section twenty-three thereof contributory employees of the magistrates' courts committee set up to act for the area of the council.

(2) The certificate shall be obtained as soon as may be after the date on which section nineteen of this Act comes into force and the period of twenty years shall run from that date.

(3) In certifying the said amount the actuary shall take into account any transfer values payable in respect of any of the existing clerks or employees who were previously liable to contribute to some other fund and make a corresponding allowance in respect of those who were previously liable to contribute to the same fund.

(4) The amount certified shall be paid to the fund by the council.

(5) The relevant councils for the purposes of this paragraph are the councils of any county, any county borough and any borough named in the Third Schedule to this Act.

18. In this Part of this Schedule the expression " existing or former clerk or employee" means any such person as is mentioned in subsection (8) of section twenty-three of this Act and the expression "existing clerk or employee" means any such person as aforesaid who by virtue of subsection (1), (5) or (6) of that section becomes a contributory employee of a magistrates’ courts committee.

1949 Justices of Ch. 101

the Peace Act, 1949

SIXTH SCHEDULE Consequential Provisions as to Local Act Stipendiaries

Part I

Staffordshire stipendiaries

1. —(1) A magistrate appointed under the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts, 1839 to 1895, shall be by virtue of his office a justice of the peace for the county borough of Stoke-upon-Trent and for any non-county borough having for the time being a separate commission of the peace and magistrates’ courts committee which is situated wholly or partly within the area for which he acts.

(2) The place of the magistrate as a justice for any such borough shall not be supplied by another justice for the county of Stafford (as provided by section twenty of the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Act, 1871) but may when requisite be supplied by another justice for the borough.

2. The place of a magistrate appointed under the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act, 1899, when acting as a justice for the county borough of West Bromwich or for any non-county borough having for the time being a separate commission of the peace and magistrates' courts committee shall not be supplied by justices for the county of Stafford (as provided by section one hundred and one of the Wolverhampton Corporation Act, 1936) but, subject to section thirteen of this Act, may when requisite be supplied by two or more (but not exceeding five) justices for the borough.

3. —(1) A magistrate appointed under the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts, 1839 to 1895, or under the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act, 1899, may exercise his jurisdiction as a county justice though sitting in a county borough or a borough having a separate commission of the peace and magistrates’ courts committee, and may exercise his jurisdiction as justice for any such borough though not sitting in that borough.

(2) The foregoing sub-paragraph shall apply to a county or borough justice taking the place of either of the said magistrates as it applies to the magistrate.

4. —(1) Any provision of the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts, 1839 to 1895, or of the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act, 1899, as to a clerk of accounts appointed by the commissioners thereunder shall cease to have effect, and any functions which would apart from this provision be discharged by such a clerk shall be discharged instead by the clerk to the stipendiary magistrate.

(2) The amount of the salary to be paid to the clerk to the stipendiary magistrate under any of the said Acts shall, notwithstanding anything in those Acts, be such as may from time to time be determined by the commissioners with the approval of the Secretary of State:

Provided that, until otherwise determined under this sub-paragraph, a clerk in office at the coming into force thereof shall continue to receive the salary to which he is then entitled.

2261 Section 30.

2262

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

6th Sch. (3) The clerk to the stipendiary magistrate under any of the said

—con/. Acts shall be deemed, for the purposes of the Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1937, to be employed in that office by the commissioners paying his salary, and in the case of a clerk in office at the coming into force of this sub-paragraph to have been so employed since his appointment to that office, and paragraph 4 of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall apply to the clerk to any such magistrate as it applies to a justices' clerk.

5. —(1) If at any time the area in which the stipendiary magistrate under the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts, 1839 to 1895, or the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act, 1899, has jurisdiction (so far as not included in a county borough or borough having a separate commission of the peace and magistrates’ courts committee) consists of one or more petty sessional divisions of the county of Stafford, and the commissioners agree to the making of an order under this sub-paragraph, the Secretary of State may by statutory instrument make an order directing that the provisions of the said Acts or Act, as the case may be, so far as they relate to a clerk to the stipendiary magistrate shall cease to have effect, and the order may include provision for the payment to any person of compensation for loss of office or employment or loss or diminution of emoluments in consequence of the order and for any other consequential or transitional matters and any such provision may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in the same manner.

(2) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the area within which either of the magistrates referred to in the foregoing sub-paragraph has jurisdiction can conveniently be adjusted so as to enable an order to be made under that sub-paragraph, and the commissioners agree to the making of an order under this sub-paragraph, the Secretary of State may by statutory instrument make an order adjusting the boundaries of that area accordingly.

(3) If after the making of an order under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph with respect to the clerk to either of the said magistrates any alteration is made under the Acts referred to in that sub-paragraph in the area in which the magistrate has jurisdiction, and as the result of the alteration that area (so far as not included in a county borough or borough having a separate commission of the peace and magistrates' courts committee) does not consist of one or more petty sessional divisions of the county of Stafford, the Secretary of State shall by statutory instrument make an order constituting the area (so far as not included as aforesaid) a petty sessional division or divisions of that county and making consequential provisions as to the remainder of the county, and subsections (4), (6) and (7) of section eighteen of this Act shall apply as if the order were an order under that section.

6. —(1) If the commissioners under the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act, 1899, pass a statutory resolution under the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, specifying as a contributory employee a person holding at the coming into force of this paragraph any of the posts designated or purporting to have been designated by or under the admission agreement with Wolverhampton, then with the consent of that person and of the Wolverhampton borough council the resolution may direct that as respects that person

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2263

it shall be deemed to have had effect at all times since the appointed day within the meaning of the said Act of 1937 at which he held any such post

(2) The reference in the foregoing sub-paragraph to the admission agreement with Wolverhampton refers to the admission agreement between the said commissioners and the said council dated the seventh day of July, nineteen hundred and -thirty-seven (being an agreement which was entered into under the Local Government and other Officers* Superannuation Act 1922, and became inoperative under the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937).

7. Nothing in this Act shall be taken as imposing on any county or borough council any duties in relation to the provision of accommodation or other things for magistrates appointed under the Acts mentioned in this Part of this Schedule, or as affecting any power or duty in that behalf of the respective commissioners under those Acts.

Part II South Wales stipendiaries

8. —(1) The Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justice Acts, 1843 to 1907, so far as they relate to clerks shall cease to have effect, and any clerk previously appointed thereunder shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as clerk to the justices for the petty sessional divisions of Caerphilly Higher and Miskin Higher of the county of Glamorgan and as clerk to the justices of the county borough of Merthyr Tydfil and any assistant or deputy clerk so appointed shall be treated for those purposes as a person employed by the clerk to assist him in the duties appertaining to his clerkships.

(2) The Glamorgan county council and the Merthyr Tydfil county borough council shall provide any accommodation and other things required for the stipendiary magistrate under the said Acts and for the said clerk under the powers of this Act and any provision in that behalf of the said Acts shall cease to have effect.

(3) The stipendiary magistrate under the said Acts shall be by virtue of his office a justice of the peace for any non-county borough having for the time being a separate commission of the peace and magistrates* courts committee which is situated wholly or partly within the area for which he acts.

(4) If under section three of the Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justice Act, 1907, any alteration is made in the area for which the stipendiary magistrate acts, and as the result of the alteration that area (exclusive of any county borough and any such non-county borough as aforesaid) does not consist of one or more petty sessional divisions of the county of Glamorgan, the Secretary of State shall by statutory instrument make an order constituting the area (exclusive of any such borough) a petty sessional division or divisions of that county and making consequential provisions as to the remainder of the county, and subsections (4), (6) and (7) of section eighteen of this Act shall apply as if the order were an order under that section.

9. —(1) The provisions of the Pontypridd Stipendiary Magistrate Act, 1920, so far as they relate to clerks shall cease to have effect, and any clerk previously appointed thereunder shall be treated for the

6th Sch.

—cont.

2264

6th Sch.

—cont.

Sections 15,46.

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

purposes of this Act as clerk to the justices for the Lower Miskin petty sessional division of the county of Glamorgan, and any assistant clerk so appointed shall be treated for this purpose as a person employed by the clerk to assist him in the duties appertaining to his clerkship.

(2) The Glamorgan county council shall provide any accommodation and other things required for the magistrate under the said Act of 1920 or for the said clerk under the powers of this Act, and any provision in that behalf of the said Act of 1920 shall cease to have effect.

Part III

Salford stipendiary 10. Part II of the Manchester Division and Borough of Salford (Stipendiary Justices) Act, 1878, so far as it relates to the clerk for borough business shall cease to have effect, and any such clerk previously appointed shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as clerk to the justices for the county borough of Salford, notwithstanding that in that Act he is described as clerk to the stipendiary magistrate.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE Repeals Part I

Repeals Consequential on Part I of Act

Session and Short Title or

Chapter Subject

Extent of Repeal

2 Hen. 5. st. 2.

c. 1.

Justices of the peace shall be appointed from the residents.

The whole Act.

25 & 26 Vict.

c. 61.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 55.

The Highways Act, 1862

The Public Health Act, 1875.

45 & 46 Vict.

c. 50.

6 Edw. 7. c. 16

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

The Justices of the Peace Act, 1906.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 16.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 37.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

The Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923.

The Solicitors Act, 1932

The Local Government Act, 1933.

Section thirty-eight.

In section two hundred and fifty-eight the words "by reason of his being a member of any local authority or'*.

Subsection (3) of section one hundred and fifty-seven.

Sections two and five and paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section six.

In section seventy-six, the words "a member of a fishery board or’*.

Section fifty-four.

In section eighteen, in subsection (7) the words from the first "and" to "ceases to be mayor" and in subsection (8) the words "in addition ".

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2265

Session and Chapter Short Title or Subject Extent of Repeal

26 Geo. 5 & The Public Health In subsection (1) of section two

1 Edw. 8. c. 50. (London) Act, 1936. hundred and eighty-three the words "by reason of his being a member of a sanitary authority or " as respects justices of the peace being members of an authority referred to in section three of this Act.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 27. The Justices (Supplemental List) Act, 1941. The whole Act.

7th Sea.

—cont.

Part II

Repeals of Procedural Provisions

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Vict c. 71.

32 & 33 Vict.

c. 62.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 9.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 90.

The Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839.

The Debtors Act 1869...

The Bastardy Laws

Amendment Act, 1873. The Employers and

Workmen Act 1875.

Section sixteen.

Section ten as respects courts of summary jurisdiction.

Section six.

The concluding paragraph of section eight as respects courts of summary jurisdiction; and the concluding paragraph of section nine.

42 & 43 Vict.

c. 49.

47 & 48 Vict.

c. 43.

7 Edw. 7. c. 32

The Summary Jurisdiction Act 1879.

The Summary Jurisdiction Act 1884.

The Dogs Act, 1906

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 28.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 6.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 58.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 33.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 45.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 86.

The Mental Deficiency Act, 1913.

The Affiliation Orders Act 1914.

The Criminal Justice Administration Act 1914.

The Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement) Act 1920.

The Guardianship of Infants Act 1925.

The Criminal Justice Act, 1925.

Section twenty-nine.

Section twelve.

In subsection (1), of section five, the words "in England by rules made by the Lord Chancellor and".

Subsection (5) of section forty-four.

Section six.

Subsection (2) of section three; subsection (1) of section forty.

Section seven from " and " onwards.

Subsection (2) of section seven.

In subsections (4) and (7) of section twelve, the words "made under this Act"; section seventeen.

2266

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

7th Sch.

—com.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

16 & 17 Geo. 5. The Adoption of Children c. 29. Act, 1926.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 12.

The Moneylenders Act, 1927.

The Children and Young Persons Act, 1933.

Subsection (2) of section eight as respects courts of summary jurisdiction.

Subsection (5) of section two.

Subsection (3) of section thirty-four; subsection (3) of section forty-six; subsection (3) of section forty-seven; in section one hundred and one subsection (1) from "and the, power" onwards and subsection (2); sub-paragraph

(4) of paragraph 1 of the

Second Schedule.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. The Service of Process c. 42. (Justices) Act, 1933.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 46.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 50.

1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 58.

The Money Payments (Justices Procedure) Act, 1935.

The Public Health (London) Act, 1936.

The Summary Procedure (Domestic Proceedings) Act, 1937.

In subsection (2) of section three the definition of "prescribed".

Section fourteen.

Section two hundred and seventy from " and the power " onwards.

In subsection (1) of section four the words "by rules made by the Lord Chancellor under this section ".

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 29.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 43.

11 &12 Geo. 6. c. 58.

The National Assistance Act, 1948.

The Children Act, 1948

The Criminal Justice Act, 1948

Subsection (9) of section forty-four.

Subsection (7) of section twenty-six.

Subsection (6) of section nineteen.

Part HI Miscellaneous Repeals .

Session and Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal

27 Hen. 8.C.24 The Jurisdiction in Liberties Act, 1535. Sections two, four, five and, so far as they relate to justices of the peace, fourteen and fifteen.

34 & 35 Hen. 8. The Laws in Wales Act, In section twenty-one the words

c. 26. 1542. "There shall be justices of peace and also one custos rotulorum in every of the said twelve shires " and the word "said ".

14 Eliz. c. 13. An Act for the annexing of Hexam and Hexam-shire to the county of Northumberland. 1 The words " justices of peace ".

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2267

Session and Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 Car. 1. c. 1 The Sunday Observance The words "the same to be

Act, 1625. employed and converted to

the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed *.

3 Car. 1. c. 2 The Sunday Observance The words from "All which

Act, 1627. forfeitures to " forfeiture ".

29 Car. 2. c. 7 The Sunday Observance Section two from " and all and

Act, 1677. singular ’* onwards.

11 Geo. 2. The Distress for Rent Act, In section four, the words "to

c. 19. 1737. such landlord or landlords.

15 Geo. 2. The Starr and Bent Act, his, her, or their bailifft, servant or agent *. In sections six and seven, the

c. 33. 1741. words from "one moiety*

19 Geo. 2. The Profane Oaths Act, onwards. In section seven, the words from "to be disposed of* to

c. 21. 1745.

17 Geo. 3. The Frauds by Workmen " committed *; sections nine and ten. In section three the words from

c. 56. Act, 1777. " every such pecuniary

32 Geo. 3. The Servants* Characters penalty *’ to " and then *’ and from "and afterwards*’ to " appoint ’*. In section six the words from

c. 56. Act, 1792. " one moiety to " com-

33 Geo. 3. The Parish Officers Act, mitted *’. Section one from the words

c. 55. 1793. " and such fine where they

35 Geo. 3. The Sale of Beer Act, first occur to the words "imposing the same *. Section five to the word

c. 113. 1795. "appoint*; section ten from

39 Geo. 3. The Unlawful Societies " and such penalty ’* onwards. In section thirty-six, the words

c. 79. Act, 1799. " or the informer before any

51 Geo. 3. c. 36 The Cinque Ports Act, justice *. Sections one to five and section

1811. eight.

57 Geo. 3. The Seditious Meetings In section thirty-one, the words

c. 19. Act, 1817. "or to the informer before

9 Geo. 4. c. 43 The Division of Counties any justice ’*. The whole Act

10 Geo. 4. Act, 1828. The Metropolitan Police Section thirty-seven.

c. 44. Act, 1829.

11 Geo. 4 & The Beerhouse Act, 1830 Section twenty-four from the

1 Will. 4. words " or either ’* onwards.

c. 64.

1 & 2 Will. 4. The Game Act, 1831 Section thirty-seven.

c. 32.

1 & 2 Will. 4. The Special Constables Section fifteen from " and

c. 41. Act, 1831. every onwards.

7th Sch. —corn.

2268

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

7th Sch. —conu

Session and Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50. The Highways Act, 1835 Section one hundred and three, from " and the penalties " onwards.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 12. The Petty Sessional Divisions Act, 1836. The whole Act

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 87. The Liberties Act, 1836 Section two so far as it provides for any place to be a liberty for the purpose of justices and sections three, six, seven and nine to eleven.

2 & 3 Vict. The Staffordshire Potteries In section six, the words from

c. 15. Stipendiary Justice Act, 1839. " at the rate " to " year in section seven, the words from "or sum" where first occurring to " or sum " where next occurring; section nine from "and the said clerk" onwards.

2 & 3 Vict. The Metropolitan Police In section seventy-seven, the

c. 47. Act, 1839. words from " and so much " to "conviction" where first occurring and from " and the residue " onwards.

2 & 3 Vict. The Metropolitan Police In section three the words from

c. 71. Courts Act, 1839. "each" to "bar"; section thirty-four; section forty-two; section forty-six; section forty-seven.

2 & 3 Vict, c. 82. The Counties (Detached Parts) Act, 1839. Section three.

2 & 3 Vict. An Act for regulating the In section thirty-two the words

c. xciv. police in the City of London. from " and upon conviction " to " of this Act " as respects convictions before a court of summary jurisdiction; and as respects penalties imposed by such a court, in section ninety-seven the words from "all which penalties " to " of this Act".

5 & 6 Vict, c. 44. The Licensing Act, 1842 Section five from "and such penalty" onwards.

5 & 6 Vict. An Act to annex the The first proviso to section one;

c. 110. county of the City of Coventry to Warwickshire, and to define the boundary of the City of Coventry. section seven; in section ten the words "and no recorder".

6 & 7 Vict. The Pound-breach Act, Section one from "and it"

c. 30. 1843. onwards.

6 & 7 Vict, c. 40. The Hosiery Act, 1843 ... In section twenty the words from "to be applied" to " if any ".

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2269

Session and

Chapter

6 & 7 Vict, c. 68.

6 & 7 Vict, c. xliv.

7 & 8 Vict, c. 61.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 16.

8 & 9 Vict

c. 20.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 118.

10 & 11 Vict, c. 14.

10 & 11 Vict, c. 16.

Title or

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

The Theatres Act, 1843 ...

In section five the words from "and every'* onwards; in section twenty-one the words

from the first 44 shall" to 44 if

An Act to provide for the more effectual execution of the office of a justice of the peace within the parish of Merthyr Tydfil and certain adjoining parishes.

The Counties (Detached Parts) Act, 1844.

any " as respects penalties imposed by courts of summary jurisdiction.

Sections eight, thirteen and fourteen.

Section three.

7th Sgh. —cont.

The Companies Clauses Act, 1845.

The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

The Inclosure Act, 1845

The Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847.

The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

Section one hundred and fifty-two.

Section twenty-three from 44and" onwards; in section fifty-seven, the words from 44 to the trustees " to 44 thereof "; in section fifty-eight, the words from 44 and such penalty " to44 owner thereof"; in section sixty-four the words 44 to the said commissioners, or trustees, or surveyor "; in sections eighty-four, ninety-nine, one hundred and three, one hundred and five, one hundred and sixteen and one hundred and nineteen, the words 44to the company"; section one hundred and fifty; in section one hundred and fifty-nine the words from 44and except" to 44 be applied" and the words 44 paid and applied

Section one hundred and fifty-nine from "all which" onwards.

In section twenty-six the words 44 to the person requiring such cart to be weighed"; in section fifty-six the words from "and except" to "be applied " and the words "paid and applied ".

In section one hundred and six the words from44 and except " to "be applied" and the words 44paid and applied".

2270

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

7th Sch.

—cont.

Session and Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Vict. The Harbours, Docks and In section ninety-five the words

c. 27. Piers Clauses Act, 1847. from "and except" to "be

10 & 11 Vict. The Towns Improvement applied " and the words "paid and applied ". In section thirty the words "to

c. 34. Clauses Act, 1847. the commissioners ".

10 & 11 Vict. The Cemeteries Clauses In sections fifty-eight and fifty-

c. 65. Act, 1847. nine the words "to the com-

11 & 12 Vict. The Summary Jurisdiction pany ". In section thirty-one the words

c. 43. Act, 1848. from " according to the " to

11 & 12 Vict. The Inclosure Act, 1848... "every such clerk" and the words from "and the said clerk" onwards. Section ten from "and such

c. 99. sum" onwards.

12 & 13 Vict. The Petty Sessions Act, Sections two and three.

c. 18. 1849.

12 & 13 Vict. The Inclosure Act, 1849... Section ten from the words

c. 83. " and such sum " to the word

13 & 14 Vict The Liberties Act, 1850 " direct " where next occurring. In section one, the words "to

c. 105. the justices of any liberty, or";

in section two, the words from "and shall also" to "advertised and given ", the words "or liberty" in both places, the words "custos rotulorum" and the words "clerk of the peace " where last occurring; in section three, the words from "as well " to " therein "; section four from "and shall" onwards; sections six and

14 & 15 Vict. The Criminal Justice seven. In their application to justices*

c. 55. Administration Act, clerks, sections ten and eleven

1851. and in section twelve the

15 & 16 Vict. The Inclosure Act, 1852 words "by virtue of any order made under this Act ", the words "under this Act " where next occurring and the words from "and in every such case " onwards. Section thirty-three from the

c. 79. words "and such sum" to

16 & 17 Vict. The Betting Act, 1853 ... the words "regulated pastures ". Section nine.

c. 119. 17 & 18 Vict. The Gaming Houses Act, Section eight.

c. 38. 1854.

18 & 19 Vict. The Cinque Ports Act, Sections three to eight.

c. 48. 1855.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2271

Session and Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal

20 & 21 Vict The Cinque Ports Act, The whole Act.

c. 1. 1857.

21 & 22 Vict. The Stipendiary Magis- Section fourteen.

c. 73. trates Act, 1858.

22 & 23 Vict. The Petty Sessional Divi- The whole Act.

c. 65. sions Act 1859.

24 & 25 Vict The Old Metal Dealers Section ten from " or to be

c. 110. Act 1861. applied " onwards.

26 & 27 Vict. The Stipendiary Magis- The whole Act.

c. 97. trates Act 1863.

28 & 29 Vict. The County of Sussex Sections four to eight and

c. 37. Act, 1865. section eleven.

28 & 29 Vict. The Falmouth Gaol Dis- The whole Act.

c. 103. continuance Act 1865.

30 & 31 Vict. The Chatham and Sheer- The whole Act

c. 63. ness Stipendiary Magistrate Act, 1867.

30 & 31 Vict The Justices of the Peace In section two the words "petty

c. 115. Act. 1867. or special or".

30 & 31 Vict. The Merchant Shipping The whole Act

c. 124. Act, 1867.

31 & 32 Vict. The Petty Sessions and In section three, the definitions

c. 22. Lock-up House Act of " petty sessions" and

1868. "quarter sessions’*; sections four and five; section eight to "respectively; and"; paragraph 2 in section ten.

31 & 32 Vict. The Regulation of Rail- In section twenty-one the words

c. 119. ways Act, 1868. from " one half" to " rate ".

31 & 32 Vict. An Act to extend the limits Section six.

c. xxxvi. of the Act for appointing a stipendiary justice of the peace for the parish of Merthyr Tydfil and adjoining places; and for other purposes.

32 & 33 Vict. The Stipendiary Magis- In section two, the words from

c. 34. trates Act, 1869. " who *’ to " years *’ and the words "qualified as afore-

said’’.

32 & 33 Vict. The Local Stamp Act, The whole Act.

c. 49. 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. The Cinque Ports Act The whole Act.

c. 53. 1869.

34 & 35 Vict The Staffordshire Potteries Section fifteen; section twenty

c. xc. Stipendiary Justice Act, to "Provided always that"

1871. and from "Provided also"

onwards, except as respects the magistrate holding office at the coming into force of this repeal; section twenty-one from the beginning to the words "pounds and"; section thirty.

7th Sch.

—cont.

2272

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

7ih Sch.

—corn.

Session and

Chapter

Title or

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

35 & 36 Vict, c. 93.

The Pawnbrokers Act, 1872.

The second paragraph of section thirty-three, except so far as it enables the court to direct any sum to be applied in making satisfaction to the party injured; in section thirty-five the words from " which forfeiture " to "there-

37 & 38 Vict, c. 45.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 55.

39 & 40 Vict, c. 20.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 43.

41 & 42 Vict, c. 15.

The County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban Act, 1874.

The Public Health Act, 1875.

The Statute Law Revision (Substituted Enactments) Act, 1876.

The Justices Clerks Act, 1877.

The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1878.

of"; section forty-six, so far as it enables a court of summary jurisdiction to direct payment to a complainant who is not the party aggrieved.

Section six.

In section twenty-six the words "to the urban authority"; section two hundred and fifty-four.

Section one from the first "that" to "and" where next occurring.

Sections two to four; section five from "Provided that" onwards; and sections six, seven and nine.

In paragraph (2) of section twenty-three the words from "the benefit" to the last " and ".

41 & 42 Vict. The Weights and Meas-c. 49. ures Act, 1878.

In section fifty-seven, paragraph 4 and paragraph 5 from " and the proceeds " onwards.

41 v& 42 Vict, c. lv.

The Manchester Division and Borough of Salford (Stipendiary Justices) Act, 1878.

Section thirty-seven except as respects the magistrate holding office at the coming into force of this repeal; sections thirty-nine to forty-one; section forty-two from the word "not ", where first occurring, onwards; section forty-three except as respects a magistrate to whom subsection (1) of section thirty-three of this Act does not

apply; sections forty-four and forty-five.

41 & 42 Vict, c. cxdii.

42 & 43 Vict, c. cxix.

The Ramsgate Improvement Act, 1878.

The Stratford upon Avon Borough Act, 1879.

Sections eighteen and nineteen.

Section seventy-eight as respects I justices of the peace.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2273

Session and

Chapter

Title or

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

42 & 43 Vict, c. 49.

The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

In section eight the words from "the court may also" onwards; paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section twenty-nine; section thirty; in section forty-eight the words "the justices of a borough or " and the words "and the principal Act therein men-

tioned ".

44 & 45 Vict c. 58.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 50.

46 & 47 Vict, c. 18.

47 & 48 Vict, c. 43.

51 & 52 Vict, c. 41.

The Army Act ...

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1883.

The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884.

The Local Government Act, 1888.

In section one hundred and sixty-six, subsection (3) and subsection (6) to the word "informer ".

Subsections (1), (2) and (6) of section one hundred and fifty-nine; section one hundred and sixty; section one hundred and sixty-one; section two hundred and twenty-one; in section two hundred and forty-eight, subsection (2) except in its application to the coroners of Hastings and Dover and subsections (3), (4), (6) and (7).

Subsection (2) of section seventeen from "and to have" onwards.

In section eight, the first paragraph, and in the second the words "petty sessional courthouse or" and the words "provided or

In paragraph (iv) of section three the words "justices rooms " and " and the justices"; in section thirty, in subsection (1) the words "and of clerks of the justices " and in subsection (3) the words "or to clerks of the justices ", the words "or justices out of session ", the words "or the said clerks" and the words from " or to the application of " to" by clerks to justices"; in section thirty-eight, paragraph (7) and in paragraph (8) the words from " and if " to "justices"; in subsection (12) of section forty-two the words "petty sessional or "; subsection (3) of section forty-eight; in subsection (3) of section sixty-four the words

7th Sen. —con/.

le

2274

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Tib Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter

Title or

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

51 & 52 Via. The Local Government c. 41—cont. Aa, 1888—cont.

" and justices out of sessions " and the words "or justices in section sixty-six the words "or justices out of session paragraph (a) of proviso (16) to section seventy-five; paragraphs (7) and (8) of section eighty-three; section eighty-four; subsection (1) of section one hundred and seventeen from "but" on-

wards.

52 A 53 Via. c. clxvii.

The Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2) Aa, 1889.

In the Schedule, in Article VI, the words "custos rotulorum ", the words "quarter sessions, justices" and the words "and clerk of the

peace"; paragraph (1) of Article VII; in paragraph (2) of Article VII the words "or quarter sessions "; paragraph (2) of Article VII; Articles DC, XI and XII; in Article XV the words from the

53 & 54 Vict, c. 5.

The Lunacy Act, 1890 ...

beginning to "Southampton and " where first occurring and the words "and quarter sessions"; in Articles XVI and XVII the words "and quarter sessions " wherever occurring, and in paragraph (2) of Article XVII the words from " and all " to " order ".

In subsections (4) and (6) of section ten, the words "or place" wherever occurring; section three hundred and twenty-six from "and" onwards.

57 A 58 Via.

c. 57.

57 A 58 Via. c. 60.

The Diseases of Animals Act, 1894.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

Subsection (5) of section fifty-seven.

Subsection (6) of section two hundred and fourteen from "and fines" onwards; subsection (3) of section two hundred and thirty-two; subsection (4) of section two hundred and eighty-seven from "and die fine" onwards; in subsection (3) of section three hundred and seventy-six, the words "the person by whom the wages are payable or of"; in subsection (1) of section six hundred and ninety-nine in its application to courts of

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2275

Session and

Chapter

Title or

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

57 & 58 Vict c. 60—cont.

57 & 58 Vict, c. xxvii.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1894—cont.

The Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justice Act, 1894.

summary jurisdiction, the words from "or to be applied" onwards.

In section four the words from the first "shall" to "he", except as respects the magistrate holding office at the coming into force of this repeal; in section five, the words from " at " to " state ";

58 & 59 Vict. The Staffordshire c. evii. Potteries Stipendiary

Justice Act, 1895.

sections seven to ten.

Section eight; in section eleven, the words from " by the " to "or" where next occurring

and the word "other ".

60 & 61 Vict, c. 26.

The Metropolitan Police Section one from the last Courts Act, 1897. " and " onwards; section six;

in section seven in subsection

61 & 62 Vict, c. 31.

62 & 63 Vict c. xc.

The Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1898.

The South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act, 1899.

(1) the words from "or" onwards and subsection (2).

The whole Act.

In subsection (5) of section fifteen, the words from " of one " to " be paid "; in subsection (3) of section seventeen the words from "of

63 & 64 Vict, c. clvii.

four " to " be paid "; sections nineteen and twenty; in section twenty-two the words "and clerk of accounts "; in section twenty-three the words "or the clerk of accounts "; in section twenty-four the words "clerk of accounts"; section twenty-seven.

The Ramsgate Corpora- Section eighteen from the words tion Act, 1900. " and from " onwards, so far

as relates to the court of quarter sessions for the county of Kent or any division thereof; sections nineteen and

4Edw. 7. c. 28.

4 Edw. 7. c. clvii.

The Weights and Measures Act, 1904.

The County of Suffolk Act, 1904.

twenty.

Subsection (2) of section thirteen.

Sections four, five and six; in section seven the words "either at courts of sessions of the peace or"; section eight; in section sixteen the words "or custos rotulorum " and the words "custos rotulorum " in the second place where they occur; section seventeen to the words "respectively and"; section nineteen.

7th Sch.

—cont.

2276

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

7th Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter

Title or

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 Edw. 7. c. 9

The Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907.

Subsection (3) of section twenty-four from " subject " onwards.

7 Edw. 7. c. cxxviii.

8 Edw. 7. c. 44

The Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justice Act, 1907.

The Commons Act, 1908

In section three, in subsection

(4) the words from 44 and such" to 44magistrate" except as respects the magistrate holding office at the coming into force of this repeal, and paragraph (B) of subsection

(5); section four; in section five, subsections (3) to (8); sections six and seven.

Subsection (2) of section one from the second "and" onwards.

10 Edw. 7 and 1 Geo. 5. c. 24.

The Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910.

In section two, subsection (3) except the words 44 (3) For the purposes of this Act as respects a licensing district being a borough the licensing justices are the borough licensing committee ", and subsection (3); in section three, subsection (1) from44 during " onwards and subsection (2); the concluding paragraph of subsection (1) of section twenty-nine; section one hundred and four; section one hundred and five from "but" onwards; in section one hundred and ten in the definition of "county", the first paragraph and in the second paragraph the words from 44 and " onwards.

2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. 3.

The Shops Act, 1912

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 27.

The Forgery Act, 1913

4 & 5 Geo. 5. The Affiliation Orders c. 6. Act, 1914.

4 & 5 Geo. S. The Criminal c. 58. Administration

1914.

Justice

Act,

The proviso to subsection (1) of section fourteen from the last44 and " onwards.

Subsection (S) of section five and subsection (3) of section eight.

Subsection (1) of section one and subsection (3) of that section from "and where" onwards.

Paragraph id) of subsection (1) of section five from the word "offence" onwards, except the word "fine "; subsection (4) of section thirty; section thirty-four.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2277

Session and

Chapter

Title or

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Air Force Act

In section one hundred and sixty-six subsection (3) and subsection (6) to the word

10 & 11 Geo. 5. The Pontypridd Stipendi-c. lxxxvi. ary Magistrate Act, 1920.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. The Police Pensions Act, c. 31. 1921.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. lxxvi.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 8.

The Birmingham Corporation Act, 1922.

The Industrial Assurance Act, 1923.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. The Salmon and Fresh-c. 16. water Fisheries Act,

" informer ".

Section six from the first " attend " to the last " shall ", except as respects the magistrate holding office at the coming into force of this repeal; in section seven the words from " at " to " state sections eight to sixteen.

In the Second Schedule, paragraphs 1 and 3 and as respects fines imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction paragraph 2.

Section eighty-one.

In its application to courts of summary jurisdiction subsection (6) of section thirty-nine to the second " and

Subsection (2) of section seventy-three.

1923.

20 &21 Geo. 5. The Cardiff Corporation c. clxxiv. Act, 1930.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. The Manchester Corpora-c. clxxviii. tion (General Powers) Act, 1930.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. The Agricultural Mar-c. 42. keting Act, 1931.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. The Children and Young c. 12. Persons Act, 1933.

23 & 24 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

23 & 24 Geo. 5.

c. 31.

23 & 24 Geo 5. c. 51.

The Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933.

The Agricultural Marketing Act, 1933.

The Local Government Act, 1933.

Section one hundred and twenty-seven except as respects a magistrate to whom subsection (1) of section thirty-three of this Act does not apply.

Section thirty-nine as respects any person who after the coming into force of section twenty-two of this Act is or serves the clerk to the justices.

In its application to courts of summary jurisdiction, subsection (4) of section six.

The proviso to subsection (2) of section forty-seven; subsection (6) of section forty-eight; paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of section eighty-eight from 44 to order onwards; paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule.

Subsection (4) of section twenty-four.

The second paragraph of subsection (5) of section six.

In section eighteen, subsection

(9).

7th Schl

—cnnt.

2278

Ch. 101

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

7th Sch.

—cont.

Session and Title or

Chapter Short Title

Extent of Repeal

25 & 26 Geo. 5. The Herring Industry c. 9. Act, 1935.

The second paragraph of subsection (2) of section six.

26 Geo. 5 & The Public Health 1 Edw. 8. (London) Act, 1936. c. 50.

Subsection (3) of section forty-five; subsection (4) of section sixty-two; subsection (4) of section sixty-four; subsection (1) of section seventy-three; subsection (1) of section one hundred and seventy-eight; in section two hundred and sixty-five, subsection (2) as respects fines imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction; in section two hundred and eighty-one, subsection (1) and in subsection (3) the words "fines or other sums recoverable or *; Part IV of the First Schedule.

26 Geo. 5 & The Wolverhampton Cor 1 Edw. 8. poration Act, 1936. c. cxi.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 58.

The Summary Procedure (Domestic Proceedings) Act, 1937.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 67.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 68.

The Factories Act, 1937

The Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. The Middlesex County c. xxi. Council Act, 1944.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 38.

The Local Government (Boundary Commission) Act, 1945.

Except as respects the magistrate holding office at the coming into force of this repeal, section one hundred and one, except paragraph (6), and in that paragraph the words "under this section

In section nine in subsection (1) the words "the City of London or*' and subsection (2).

In section one hundred and thirty-three the words "or otherwise ".

In section twenty, subsections (1) to (3) and in subsection (4) the words "In this section and in Part HI of the Second Schedule, paragraphs (a) to (f) and in paragraph (g) the words "a clerk or an employee of a clerk or ".

Sections three hundred and ninety-seven, three hundred and ninety-eight and four hundred and eighteen, the Fifth Schedule except paragraph (/) and in that paragraph the words "any officer to whom this Schedule applies or".

Subsection (2) of section two.

1949

Justices of

the Peace Act, 1949 Ch. 101

2279

Session and Title or

Chapter Short Title

Extent of Repeal

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. iv.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 20.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

c. xxxviii.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 10.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

The Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Act, 1945.

The Building Materials and Housing Act, 1945.

The National Health Service Act, 1946.

The Manchester Corporation Act, 1946.

The Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1947.

The Companies Act, 1948

The whole Act.

Paragraph (a) of subsection (7) of section seven.

In the Ninth Schedule, the paragraph amending section three hundred and twenty-six of the Lunacy Act, 1890.

Section fifty-nine.

Sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 5 of the Second Schedule.

In its application to courts of summary jurisdiction section four hundred and forty-four

to the word "all ".

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. liii.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 27.

The London County Council (General Powers) Act, 1948.

The Juries Act, 1949 ...

Section forty-eight.

In subsection (4) of section six the words "or at a court of quarter sessions held for that county in section nine the words "and quarter sessions " in both places.

7th Sch. cont.

Table of Statutes Referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839

Theatres Act, 1843

Coroners Act, 1844

Gaming Act, 1845

Vestries Act, 1850

Justices (Scotland) Act, 1856

Chatham and Sheerness Stipendiary Magistrates

Act, 1867

Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1868

Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1869

Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justices Act, 1871

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 68.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 92.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 109. 13 & 14 Vict. c. 57. 19 & 20 Vict. c. 48.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 63.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 123.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 34.

34 & 35 Vict. c. xc.

Borough and Local Courts of Record Act, 1872 ...

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876

Justices Clerks Act, 1877

Manchester Division and Borough of Salford

(Stipendiary Justices) Act, 1878

Sumirairy Jurisdiction Act, 1879

Municipal Corporations Act, 1882

Oxford University (Justices) Act, 1886

Sheriffs Act, 1887

Local Government Act, 1888

Interpretation Act, 1889

35 & 36 Vict. c. 86

39 & 40 Vict 40 Vict. c. 59.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 43.

41 & 42 Vict. c. Iv.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 31.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 55.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

2280

Ch. 101 Justices of 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

the Peace Act, 1949

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Local Government Board’s Provisional Order

Confirmation (No. 2) Act, 1889

Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890

Lunacy Act, 1890

Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act,

1895

Quarter Sessions (London) Act, 1896

South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justices Act, 1899

Licensing Act, 1902

Justices of the Peace Act, 1906

Dogs Act, 1906

Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of

the Peace Act, 1906

Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justices Act, 1907 ... Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910

Affiliation Orders Act, 1914

Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914 Mayor’s and City of London Court Act, 1920 ... Pontypridd Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1920 ... Local Government and other Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1922

Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923

Criminal Justice Act, 1925

Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926

Solicitors Act, 1932

Children and Young Persons Act, 1933

Local Government Act, 1933

County Courts Act, 1934

Money Payments (Justices Procedure) Act, 1935... London and Middlesex (Improvements, etc.) Act,

1936

Wolverhampton Corporation Act, 1936

Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937

Summary Procedure (Domestic Proceedings) Act,

1937

Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937 ...

52 & 53 Vict. c. clxviL

53 & 54 Vict c. 59.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 5.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 39.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 55.

62 & 63 Vict. c. xc.

2 Edw. 7. c. 28.

6 Edw. 7. c. 16.

7 Edw. 7. c. 32.

6 Edw. 7. c. 46.

7 Edw. 7. c. cxxviii.

10 Edw. 7. & 1 Geo. 5.

c. 24.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 6.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 58.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. cxxxiv. 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. IxxxvL

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 59.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 16.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 86.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 59.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 37.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 12.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 53.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 46.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. cviii.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. cxi.

1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 37.

1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 58.

1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 68.

Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1938 ...

London Government Act, 1939

Justices (Supplemental List) Act, 1941

Middlesex County Council Act, 1944

Family Allowances Act, 1945

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government Act, 1948

Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act,

1948

Criminal Justice Act, 1948

Licensing Act, 1949

Married Women (Maintenance) Act, 1949

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 63.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 27.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. xxi.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c.41.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 33.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 59. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6.C.99.

1949 Festival of Britain Ch. 102 2281

(Supplementary Provisions) Act, 1949

CHAPTER 102

Festival of Britain (Supplementary Provisions) Act, 1949

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. The Festival Gardens.

2. Loans to Company.

3. Reinstatement and laying-open of gardens, etc.

4. Authorisation of works, etc.

5. Application of provisions of 12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 26.

6. Special provisions as to festival works and entertainments.

7. Provisions as to river traffic.

8. Grants towards providing additional landing stages.

9. Payments out of moneys provided by Parliament.

10. Saving for powers of London County Council and Port of London

Authority.

11. Short title, interpretation, etc.

An Act to make, in connection with the Festival of Britain, 1951, provision for festival gardens in Battersea Park and further provision as respects river traffic and as respects buildings, structures, works and entertainments; and for purposes connected therewith.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1.—(1) For the purpose of providing festival gardens as part The Festival of the Festival of Britain, 1951, the County Council may enclose Gardens, any lands in Battersea Park not exceeding in the aggregate forty acres in area, and may authorise the Company, and any person appointed by the Company,—

(a) to take possession of and hold any of the lands so enclosed free from the right of the public to use the said lands as part of Battersea Park; and (f>) in any part of Battersea Park not so enclosed, to execute such works as the County Council may in writing approve as being ancillary to and expedient for the purposes of the gardens, during such period and subject to such provisions as to reinstatement as are hereinafter provided.

(2) Any authorisation given under the foregoing subsection shall be subject to such terms and conditions (including terms as to payment by the Company for possession of the lands) as may be agreed between the County Council and the Company.

(3) The County Council may agree with the Company for the exercise on behalf of one party to the agreement, in relation to the gardens, of any powers of that party by the other party

4 E

2282

Ch. 102

Loans to Company.

Reinstatement and laying-open of gardens, etc

Festival of Britain 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Supplementary Provisions) Act, 1949

to the agreement; and an agreement under this subsection may contain such provisions as to payment and any other matters as may be agreed between the parties thereto.

2.—(1) The Minister may with the approval of the Treasury make loans to the Company of an amount not exceeding five hundred and seventy thousand pounds.

(2) For the purpose of enabling the County Council to make loans to the Company, the London County Council (Money) Act, 1949 shall have effect as if, in the first column of Part II of the Schedule to that Act (which specifies the bodies and persons to whom loans may be made) there were inserted a reference to the Company and in the second and third columns of the said Part II (which respectively specify the amounts of loans authorised during the year ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty, and the six months ending with the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty) there were inserted, in relation to the Company, an amount of twenty-five thousand pounds and an amount of one hundred thousand pounds respectively.

(3) The powers conferred by the two last foregoing subsections shall be exercisable in accordance with an agreement made between the Minister, the County Council and the Company, and in particular upon such terms as to payment of interest, repayment of capital and security (if any) as may be specified in the agreement.

(4) The Minister may with the approval of the Treasury at any time release the whole or any part of a claim against the Company in respect of any loan made by him under this section; and the County Council may at any time release the whole or any part of any claim against the Company in respect of any loan so made by them.

(5) The County Council may take shares in the Company and may defray the cost of such other shares in the Company as it is necessary to take in order to give effect to any arrangements for the representation of the Council on the board of directors of the Company.

(6) The County Council may make available to the Company any equipment or other goods belonging to the Council.

(7) The receipts of the Minister in respect of interest on, and the repayment of, any loan made by him under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Company shall, as soon as may be after the appointed day, do such things as are necessary to reinstate to the satisfaction of the County Council the sites of the gardens and of any works authorised under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act.

1949

Festival of Britain

(i Supplementary Provisions) Act, 1949 Ch. 102

2283

(2) If it appears to the County Council that it is desirable that any buildings or works erected or carried out for the purposes of the gardens should be retained for the benefit of persons resorting to Battersea Park, the Council may agree with the Company (upon such terms (if any) as to payment as may be specified in the agreement) that the buildings or works shall be so retained; and where such an agreement is made—

(a) the Council shall have power to maintain the buildings

or works and to use them either for the purpose for which they were used in connection with the gardens or for any purpose for which the Council would apart from this section have power to provide the buildings or works, and

(b) the last foregoing subsection shall not apply as respects

the buildings or works.

(3) If and in so far as the Company fail within a reasonable time to comply with their obligations under subsection (1) of this section, it shall be the duty of the County Council to reinstate the sites in question as appears to them requisite; and any expenditure reasonably incurred by the County Council under this subsection shall be recoverable from the Company.

(4) Nothing in section one of -this Act shall authorise the enclosure of any of the lands referred to in subsection (1) of that section, or die holding thereof by the Company or any other person, after the expiration of such period from the appointed day as the Minister of Health may by order allow to give time for the reinstatement of the gardens as required by the foregoing provisions of this section.

The period allowed by order under this subsection may be from time to time extended by a further order thereunder.

4.—(1) The execution of works and the carrying on of any Authorisation activity for the purposes of the gardens before the appointed day, of works, etc. and the execution of any works authorised or required by any other provision of this Act, if executed or carried on by the County Council, the Company or any person authorised in that behalf by either of them, shall be deemed to be authorised by this Act notwithstanding that it would otherwise be actionable on the ground of nuisance.

(2) If, on a claim made in writing to the Company not later than the expiration of one month from the end of the period allowed by order under subsection (4) of the last foregoing section (or, if that period is extended by a further order under that subsection, then from the end of the period as extended), any person proves—

(a) that he has suffered loss by reason of any such execution of works or carrying on of an activity as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, and

2284

Ch. 102

Application of provisions of 12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 26.

Special provisions as to festival works and entertainments.

Festival of Britain 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(i Supplementary Provisions) Act, 1949

(b) that apart from the provisions of that subsection the execution or carrying on thereof would have been actionable at his suit on the ground of nuisance, he shall be entitled to recover from the Company compensation of an amount equal to the loss.

5. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect for the purpose of applying, in relation to the gardens, certain provisions of the Act of 1949 relating to the exhibition.

(2) In section seven of the Act of 1949 (which provides for modifications of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947), references to the exhibition site and the exhibition shall include references to Battersea Park and to the gardens respectively, and references to land held by the County Council shall include references to land held by the Company or any person appointed by them in pursuance of an authorisation under section one of this Act.

(3) In subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Act of 1949, in the definition of the expression "the exhibition traffic arrangements ", the reference to the exhibition shall include a reference to the provision of the gardens.

(4) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the power of the County Council Under subsection (1) of section five of the Act of 1949 to provide car parks in connection with the Festival includes power to provide car parks in connection with the gardens.

6. —(1) After the appropriate date it shall be unlawful to use any works to which this section applies except with the consent of, and for a purpose approved by, the County Council; and, except in a case where the County Council authorise the retention of any such works, the Minister shall secure that such works are removed as soon as may be after the appropriate date.

(2) Works to which this section applies are hereby exempted from the operation of the provisions of the London Building Acts, 1930 to 1939 and byelaws made thereunder and of the provisions of Part II of the Public Health (London) Act, 1936 (except sections fifty-six to sixty-eight thereof, which relate to sewers) and byelaws having effect by virtue of that Act; and notwithstanding anything in any enactment a licence shall not be required by reason only of the provision of any entertainment to which this section applies.

(3) This section applies to works certified by the Minister to be executed for the purposes of the Festival of Britain, 1951, except that—

(a) this section shall not apply to works exempted, apart from this section, from the operation of so much of the London Building Acts, 1930 to 1939 as relates

1949

Festival of Britain

(Supplementary Provisions) Act, 1949 Ch. 102

2285

to buildings and structures, so long as the works are so exempted; and

(b) subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to works in Battersea Park.

(4) This section applies to the following entertainments, that is to say—

(a) public performances of stage plays,

(b) public music, dancing and other public entertainments of the like kind,

(c) public contests or displays of boxing or wrestling, and

(d) cinematograph exhibitions, being in any case entertainments provided on or after the opening day of the exhibition and before the appropriate date on the site of the exhibition or in the gardens and certified by the Minister to be provided for the purposes of the Festival of Britain, 1951.

(5) In this section the expression " the appropriate date " means,—

(a) as respects any entertainment provided in the gardens,

the appointed day;

(b) as respects any other entertainment or any works, the

closing of the exhibition.

(6) In this section the expression 44 works " includes buildings and structures, and references to the execution of works shall be construed accordingly.

7.—(1) In paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of the Act of 1949 (which authorises the construction of landing stages giving access to the exhibition site), the reference to the exhibition site shall include a reference to the site of the gardens; and in subsection (3) of the said section one (which provides that the works authorised by that section are to be made in the lines and situations and according to the levels shown on the deposited plans and sections) the reference to the deposited plans and sections shall include a reference to the plans and sections which were deposited with the clerk of the County Council in connection with the Bill for this Act.

(2) The County Council may make and enforce byelaws for regulating the use of festival landing stages by persons or vessels generally, or persons or vessels of any description specified by or under the byelaws, and in particular byelaws under this subsection may make, or authorise the making of, provision as respects all or any such persons or vessels—

(a) for restricting the provision of passenger services to the

provision thereof by persons authorised in that behalf,

(b) for fixing the times at which vessels may arrive at any

festival landing stage and the periods for which they may remain there,

(c) for prohibiting the use of any festival landing stage by

persons of specified descriptions or by vessels which do

Provisions as to

river traffic.

2286

Ch. 102

Grants towards providing additional landing stages.

Payments out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Saving for powers of London County Council and

Festival of Britain 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

(Supplementary Provisions) Act, 1949

not comply with specified conditions as to size, type and standard of accommodation, id) for fixing the fares chargeable to passengers and the charges to be paid for the use of any festival landing stage.

(3) The County Council and the Port of London Authority may jointly make, and either of them may enforce, byelaws for determining the priority to be accorded, in the use of such landing stages in the River Thames (not being festival landing stages) as may be specified in the byelaws, to persons or vessels using the festival landing stages or to such persons or vessels of any description so specified, any agreement or arrangement to the contrary notwithstanding.

(4) Sections one hundred and forty-seven to one hundred and forty-nine of the London Government Act, 1939 (which contain supplementary provisions as to byelaws) shall apply to byelaws made under subsection (3) of this section as they apply to byelaws made under subsection (2) thereof, but with the substitution for the references in the said sections to the local authority by which the byelaws were made of references to each of the authorities by which the byelaws were made.

(5) The confirming authority for all byelaws made under this section shall be the Minister of Transport.

(6) All such byelaws shall, unless previously revoked, cease to have effect on the appointed day.

8. The Minister of Transport may with the approval of the Treasury make, and a metropolitan borough council may make, grants towards meeting any expenses incurred by the Port of London Authority in constructing (including, in the case of grants by a metropolitan borough council, expenses so incurred in maintaining and operating) such additional landing stages as, in the opinion of the said Minister, it is expedient to provide for use by vessels serving the festival landing stages; and a metropolitan borough council may borrow for the purposes of this section.

9. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any expenses incurred by the Minister or the Minister

of Transport under this Act;

(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in

the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under section eight of the Act of 1949 (which provides for grants from the Minister of Transport in respect of certain works).

10. The powers conferred on the County Council and on the Port of London Authority by this Act shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any other powers of those bodies; and notwithstanding anything in section one of this Act the powers

1949 Festival of Britain Ch. 102 2287

(i Supplementary Provisions) Act, 1949

of the County Council (whether under Part V of the London Port of County Council (General Powers) Act, 1935 or otherwise) to London make provision for persons resorting to open spaces shall apply Auth<>nty. to persons resorting to the gardens as they apply to other persons resorting to Battersea Park.

11.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Festival of Britain Short title, (Supplementary Provisions) Act, 1949. interpretation,

(2) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say—

" Act of 1949" means the Public Works (Festival of Britain)

Act. 1949;

" appointed day" means such day as the Minister may by order appoint as falling six months after the day on which the gardens were first open to the public;

" the Company" means any company formed for the purpose of managing the gardens;

" the County Council" means the London County Council;

" the exhibition " has the meaning assigned to it by the Act of 1949;

" festival landing stages" means the landing stages

authorised by paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of the Act of 1949 as extended by this Act;

" the gardens" means festival gardens provided or to be provided on lands enclosed or to be enclosed by virtue of subsection (1) of section one of this Act;

" the Minister," as respects any provision of this Act, means such Minister of the Crown as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint either generally or in relation to that provision.

(3) Any Order in Council under this section may be revoked or varied by a subsequent such Order made thereunder.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

London County Council (General Powers) Act, 1935 Public Health (London) Act, 1936 London Government Act, 1939 Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 Public Works (Festival of Britain) Act, 1949 ... London County Council (Money) Act, 1949 ... 25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. xxxiiL 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 50. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 26. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. xxxi.

2288

Ch. 103

Parliament Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

CHAPTER 103

An Act to amend the Parliament Act, 1911.

[16th December 1949.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, in accordance with the provisions of the Parliament Act, 1911, and by authority of the same, as follows:—

Substitution of references to two sessions and one year for references to three sessions and two years respectively.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 13.

1. The Parliament Act, 1911, shall have effect, and shall be deemed to have had effect from the beginning of the session in which the Bill for this Act originated (save as regards that Bill itself), as if—

(a) there had been substituted in subsections (1) and (4) of section two thereof, for the words "irf three successive sessions ", " for the third time ", " in the third of those sessions ", " in the third session ", and " in the second or third session" respectively, the words ‘‘in two successive sessions ", " for the second time ", " in the second of those sessions ", " in the second session", and " in the second session " respectively; and

(b) there had been substituted in subsection (1) of the said section two, for the words "two years have elapsed" the words "one year has elapsed":

Provided that, if a Bill has been rejected for the second time by the House of Lords before the signification of the Royal Assent to the Bill for this Act, whether such rejection was in the same session as that in which the Royal Assent to the Bill for this Act was signified or in an earlier session, the requirement of the said section two that a Bill is to be presented to His Majesty on its rejection for the second time by the House of Lords shall have effect in relation to the Bill rejected as a requirement that it is to be presented to His Majesty as soon as the Royal Assent to the Bill for this Act has been signified, and, notwithstanding that such rejection was in an earlier session, the Royal Assent to the Bill rejected may be signified in the session in which the Royal Assent to the Bill for this Act was signified.

[Short title, construction and citation.]

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Parliament Act, 1949.

(2) This Act and the Parliament Act, 1911, shall be construed as one and may be cited together as the Parliament Acts, 1911 and 1949, and accordingly subsection (1) of section four of the Parliament Act, 1911 (which specifies the words of enactment to be inserted in a Bill presented to His Majesty under that Act) shall have effect with the substitution of the words "the Parliament Acts, 1911 and 1949" for the words "the Parliament Act, 1911".

TABLE m.

A

CHRONOLOGICAL LIST

OF

THE SHORT TITLES OF THE MEASURES

Passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during the Year

1949.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

No. 1. The Church Dignitaries (Retirement) Measure, 1949, p. ii.

No. 2. The Parochial Church Councils (Powers) (Amendment) Measure, 1949, p. xi.

f No. 3. The Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949, p. xii.

No. 4. The Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure, 1946, (Amendment) Measure, 1949, p. xxv.

No. 5. The Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944 (Amendment) Measure, 1949, p. xxviii.

4 F

ii

No. 1

Church Dignitaries

(Retirement) M, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

12 & 13 Geo. 6 No. 1

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To make provision for the retirement of deans, provosts, archdeacons, canons, prebendaries and other church dignitaries if incapacitated by age or physical or mental infirmity, or if guilty of unbecoming conduct or neglect of duty, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[14th July 1949.]

Part I

Retirement for Incapacity

Investigation 1.—(1) In any case where the bishop is satisfied that such

of alleged action is proper, he may by notice in writing require that a diemteries of special meeting of the cathedral chapter of his diocese be sum-^ moned for the purpose of considering and reporting to him

whether in their opinion a dignitary to whom this Measure applies holding office within the diocese is unable through disability arising from age or infirmity (whether bodily or mental) to discharge adequately the duties attaching to his office, and, if so, whether it is desirable that he should retire from his office, and (except in the case where the office held by the dignitary is an honorary one) whether on such retirement any, and if so what, annual sum should be secured to him by way of pension in addition to the pension or pensions (if any) to which he would be entitled had he retired voluntarily on account of age or infirmity. A copy of the notice shall at the same time be sent by the bishop to the dignitary.

(2) The bishop may, if he so desires, appoint in writing a clerk in Holy Orders as his representative to attend the meeting of the chapter when invited by them to do so.

(3) The chapter shall consider the questions so put to them and shall invite the dignitary concerned and the bishop’s representative, if any, to confer with them, either together or separately, and after such conference, or after there has been a reasonable opportunity for such conference, shall make their report in writing answering the questions put to them by the bishop:

Provided that they shall not report that it is desirable that the dignitary should retire from his office unless at least two-thirds of the members present and voting at the meeting of the chapter have voted in favour of such a report.

1949 Church Dignitaries No. 1 iii

(Retirement) Measure, 1949

(4) At any meeting of the chapter to which the dignitary is invited he may, if he so desires, be assisted, or in his absence represented, by a friend or adviser.

(5) The chapter may at any time before making their report request the bishop or his representative (if any) to make further enquiry into any matter and to communicate the result of such enquiry to the chapter.

(6) The chapter shall send a copy of their report to the dignitary.

2. --(l) In any case where the cathedral chapter have reported Powers of that it is desirable that the dignitary should retire from his office bishop, the bishop shall have power within six months from the receipt

of the report—

(a) if the office held by the dignitary is one the right of

appointment to which is vested in His Majesty, to petition His Majesty to declare the office vacant, and thereupon it shall be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Council to make such a declaration;

(b) in any other case, himself to execute an instrument in the prescribed form declaring the office vacant as from a date specified in the declaration not being less than three nor more than six months after the date thereof:

Provided that the bishop shall not present such a petition or execute such an instrument unless he is satisfied that the provisions hereinafter contained respecting the pensioning of the dignitary will be fulfilled.

(2) The bishop shall cause a record of the exercise by him of a power under subsection (1) of this section and a copy of every declaration of vacation of an office made by him or on his petition, to be filed in the registry of the diocese.

3. —(1) A dignitary whose office is vacated by a declaration Pension rights under this Part of this Measure shall as from the date of vacation— of dignitary

(a) be entitled to such pension or pensions as he would have Qf office.

been entitled to had he retired voluntarily on account of age or infirmity;

(b) where by the report of the cathedral chapter the grant of

an additional pension has been recommended, be granted such additional pension as may be agreed, if the dignitary is a member of the said cathedral chapter, between the bishop and the administrative chapter or cathedral council of the cathedral church or, if the dignitary is not a member of the said cathedral chapter, as may be agreed between the bishop and the diocesan

4F2

No. 1 Church Dignitaries 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Retirement) Me, 1949

board of finance; so however that the annual sum secured to the dignitary by way of additional pension shall not be less than the amount recommended by the report:

Provided that—

(i) where the dignitary is an archdeacon who is also a member of the said cathedral chapter, and the proceedings under this Part of this Measure have been instituted in respect of him in his capacity of archdeacon, this paragraph shall apply as if he were not a member of such chapter; and

(ii) where the person entitled to any such additional pension accepts any preferment or office of profit or is otherwise engaged in a gainful occupation, the body by whom the additional pension is payable may with the consent of the bishop suspend the pension or reduce the pension by such amount as they think fit, so long as he holds the preferment or office or is so engaged.

(2) Any such additional pension shall be subject to the same conditions as if it were a pension payable under the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926, and the Measures amending that Measure.

(3) Any sums payable in respect of such additional pension shall be paid by the administrative chapter or cathedral council, or by the diocesan board of finance which agreed to the grant thereof, in such manner, at such times and in such instalments as may be prescribed.

(4) For the purpose of providing such additional pension, an administrative chapter or cathedral council may charge the capitular revenues, or such part thereof as is applicable to the provision or augmentation of the stipends of members of the chapter, with the amount payable by way of additional pension.

Part II

Provisions as to Dignitaries Charged with Unbecoming Conduct or Neglect of Duty

Institution of 4.—(i) Where it is alleged that a dignitary to whom this

ar°^nst DgS Measure applies has been guilty of conduct unbecoming the dignitaries character of the holder of the office that he holds, or of serious, alleged to be persistent or continuous neglect of the duties of the office, guilty of proceedings against him under this Part of this Measure may be

unbecoming instituted either by a person appointed for the purpose on each

neglect of duty. occasion by 1116 bishop, or by three members of the diocesan

1949 Church Dignitaries No. 1 v

(Retirement) Measure, 1949

conference not being members of the cathedral chapter, or, in the case of a dignitary who is incumbent of a parish church which is also a cathedral, a churchwarden of the parish being a communicant member of the Church of England:

Provided that no such proceedings shall be instituted if and so far as the allegations relate to—

(a) any act or omission which took place more than three years before the institution of the proceedings; or

(b) any question of doctrine, ritual or ceremonial or of the

social or political opinions or activities of a dignitary.

(2) Proceedings under this Part of this Measure shall be instituted by sending to the bishop a complaint in writing by a person or persons authorised to institute such proceedings.

(3) The bishop on receipt of such a complaint shall consider whether he can deal with the complaint without recourse to further proceedings under this Part of this Measure.

(4) If after giving the dignitary an opportunity of discussing the complaint with him the bishop is of the opinion that the matter should be considered by the cathedral chapter, he may by notice in writing require that a special meeting of the cathedral chapter of his diocese be summoned for the purpose of considering the case.

5.—(1) If a complaint is so referred by the bishop to the Investigation cathedral chapter for consideration, they shall invite the dignitary by Cathedral concerned and the complainant to confer with them either separately or together, and after such conference, or after a reasonable opportunity for such conference has been afforded, the cathedral chapter shall in writing—

(a) if, in their opinion there is nothing in the complaint which would justify further proceedings, inform the complainant and the dignitary accordingly;

(b) in any other case request the complainant to specify his

charges in the prescribed form for trial by a Special Court constituted as hereinafter provided, and notify the dignitary that such request has been made.

(2) If at the request of the cathedral chapter the complainant within one month specifies the charges in the prescribed form, the chapter shall consider them and shall, if in their opinion any of the charges should be tried by a Special Court, send a copy thereof to the bishop with a recommendation that the charges be so dealt with:

Provided that the chapter shall not recommend that any charge be tried by a Special Court unless at least two-thirds of the members present and voting at the meeting of the chapter have voted in favour of such recommendation.

Proceedings consequent on report of Committee.

Procedure where bishop deals with the charges.

Proceedings ii Special Court.

No. 1 Church Dignitaries 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Retirement) Me, 1949

(3) Either the dignitary or the complainant may, if he so desires, be assisted or represented by a friend or adviser at any meeting of the chapter at which he is invited to be present.

(4) Copies of the report made to the bishop shall be sent by the chapter to the dignitary and to the complainant at the same time as the report is sent to the bishop.

6. —(1) Within fifteen days after receiving the report of the cathedral chapter, or within such extended period as the bishop may allow, the dignitary shall send to the bishop his answer to the charges in the prescribed form.

(2) At any time within fifteen days after the expiration of the period allowed to the dignitary for replying to the charges the bishop may give to the complainant and to the dignitary notice in writing of his intention to refer the charges to a Special Court constituted as hereinafter provided:

Provided that at any time before the expiration of the said fifteen days the dignitary may in writing request the bishop himself to deal with the charges.

7. —(1) Where the dignitary has duly requested the bishop himself to deal with the charges and the bishop after consultation with the complainant is willing himself to deal with the charges, he shall not refer the charges to a Special Court, but after giving the complainant and dignitary an opportunity of conferring with him separately or together, and after considering the charges in person, shall decide whether any one or more of them has or have been admitted or proved.

(2) In a case in which charges are dealt with by the bishop in person under this section—

(a) the proceedings shall be private and informal, and shall

be conducted in such manner as the bishop may think fit;

(b) if the bishop decides that any of the charges are established,

he may exercise any of the powers conferred on him by section nine of this Measure;

(c) there shall be no appeal against any decision by the bishop, nor against any exercise of the powers conferred on him by section nine of this Measure;

(d) the bishop shall give public notice in such manner as he

thinks fit both of his decision and the manner in which he intends to exercise his powers under section nine of this Measure.

8. —(1) In any case where the bishop does not himself deal with the charges, they shall be referred by the bishop to a Special Court constituted as hereinafter provided, and in that event the bishop

1949

Church Dignitaries

(Retirement) M, 1949

No. 1

vu

shall authorise the complainant, or with the consent of the complainant any other person or persons, to conduct the proceedings as promoter.

(2) A Special Court for the purpose of this Measure shall be constituted in accordance with the provisions of the Schedule to the Incumbents (Discipline) Measure, 1947, subject to this modification, that if a member of the cathedral chapter to which the case in question was referred for consideration is a member of the panel elected under paragraph 2 of the said Schedule, the choice by rota under that paragraph shall be made as if the member of that chapter was not included in the panel.

(3) The procedure of a Special Court under this Measure shall be that of a Special Court under the said Measure of 1947, and section 9 and the Rules made under section 14 of the said Measure of 1947 shall apply accordingly.

9. —(1) If the bishop acting under section seven of this Measure Powers of decides, or the Special Court reports that any one or more of the 0" bishop, charges against the dignitary has or have been proved, and the

bishop is of opinion that the case is such that the retirement of the dignitary is necessary or expedient in the interests of the Church, he shall—

(i) if the office held by the dignitary is one the right of

appointment to which is vested in His Majesty, petition His Majesty to declare the office vacant, and thereupon it shall be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Council to make such a declaration;

(ii) in any other case himself execute an instrument declaring the office vacant.

(2) Where the bishop intends to exercise his power under the foregoing subsection, he shall give public notice of his intention, and shall also give notice in writing thereof to the dignitary and to the promoter, but shall not exercise the power until the expiration of a period of twenty-eight days calculated from the day on which he has given such notice or, if an appeal has been entered under the next following section of this Measure, until the appeal has been withdrawn or determined or has failed for want of prosecution.

(3) The bishop shall cause a record of the exercise by him of a power under subsection (1) of this section and a copy of every declaration of vacation of an office by him or on his petition to be filed in the registry of the diocese.

10. —(1) At any time within twenty-one days after notice has Appeals, been given by the bishop of the manner is which he intends to exercise his powers under this Part of this Measure, the dignitary concerned may appeal in the prescribed manner against any

viii

No. 1

Church Dignitaries

(Retirement) M, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

Application 26 Geo. 5. and 1 Edw. 8, No. 5.

Application of Measure.

Proceedings at special meetings of cathedral chapters.

decision of a Special Court or, subject to the provisions of paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section seven and paragraph (b) of section fourteen of this Measure, against the exercise of the bishop’s powers in the manner of which he has given notice, to the Ecclesiastical Court of the Province constituted in accordance with the provisions of section twelve of the Incumbents (Discipline) Measure, 1947.

(2) Either party to a case under this Part of this Measure may within the prescribed time appeal to the said court against any order or judgment of a Special Court in respect of any matter of law:

Provided that no appeal against any interlocutory order or judgment on a matter of procedure only shall be allowed except by leave of the Special Court.

(3) The procedure on an appeal under this section shall be in accordance with the provisions of section thirteen of the said Measure of 1947.

(4) An appeal to the said Ecclesiastical Court of a Province shall be final.

of 11* A person appointed by the bishop to institute proceedings under this Part of this Measure shall be deemed to be a person acting in the bishop’s stead within the meaning and for the purposes of section nine of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Measure, 1936, and proceedings under this Measure before a Special Court shall be deemed to be legal proceedings within the meaning and for the purposes of that section.

Part HI General

12. This Measure applies to deans and provosts of cathedral churches, archdeacons, canons and prebendaries, whether stipendiary or not, and clerks in Holy Orders holding any other ecclesiastical offices of freehold tenure, not being parochial benefices (except holders of offices in a Royal Peculiar, members of the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Christ in Oxford and lay canons) and the persons to whom this Measure so applies are in this Measure referred to as dignitaries.

13. —(1) The cathedral chapter to be summoned to consider a matter under Part I or Part II of this Measure shall—

(a) in the case of a cathedral not being a parish church cathedral, be the dean and chapter as constituted when performing functions within the jurisdiction of the greater or general chapter; and

1949 Church Dignitaries No. 1 ix

(Retirement) Measure, 1949

(b) in the case of a parish church cathedral, be the chapter as constituted by scheme under the Cathedral Measures,

1931 and 1934, or the Southwark Cathedral Measure,

1937.

In this subsection, " parish church cathedral" means a cathedral church mentioned in the Second Schedule to the Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

(2) A notice from the bishop requiring the summoning of a special meeting of a cathedral chapter under this Measure shall be addressed to the dean or provost:

Provided that, if the dean or provost is the dignitary concerned, it shall be addressed to such other member of the cathedral chapter as the bishop may determine, and that member shall notwithstanding anything in the statutes of the cathedral havfe power to summon the meeting.

(3) The summons shall be effected by a notice sent by post to each of the members of the cathedral chapter stating the purpose for which the meeting is summoned.

(4) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of section one and subsection (2) of section five of this Measure, any question before the cathedral chapter shall be determined by a majority of the members present and voting on the question, and in the case of an equality of votes the dean or provost shall have a second or a casting vote: the special meeting may be adjourned from time to time.

(5) Where a dignitary in respect of whom proceedings are taken under this Measure is a member of the cathedral chapter, he shall not sit or vote at a special meeting of the chapter summoned to consider his case.

(6) Subject to the provisions of this section, the rules of procedure applicable to special meetings of the cathedral chapter in question shall apply.

14. Where a dignitary is also the incumbent of a parochial Provisions benefice and apart from this section proceedings in respect of him also

could be taken both under Part I of this Measure and under the an incumbent. Incumbents (Disability) Measure, 1945, or both under Part II of this Measure and under the Incumbents (Discipline) Measure,

1947, then—

(a) if the dignitary in question is a dean, provost or archdeacon, proceedings shall be taken under this Measure and not under the said Measure of 1945 or the said Measure of 1947, and a declaration of vacation of his office as dean, provost or archdeacon shall have the effect also of vacating his incumbency, whether the office is annexed to the incumbency or the incumbency to the office;

Effect of declaration of vacancy in an office.

Notices.

Rules.

Definitions.

No. 1 Church Dignitaries 12 & 13 Geo. 6

(Retirement) Meas, 1949

(6) if the dignitary in question is the holder of a canonry or prebend and in consequence of proceedings taken under the said Measure of 1945 or the said Measure of 1947 the parochial benefice held by him has been declared vacant, then—

(i) if the proceedings were taken under the Measure of 1945, the powers conferred on the bishop by section two of this Measure shall be exercisable as if the report of the Ministerial Committee under the Measure of 1945 had been a report by the cathedral chapter under this Measure; and

(ii) if the proceedings were taken under the Measure of 1947, the powers conferred on the bishop by section nine of this Measure shall be exercisable as if the report of the Special Court under the said Measure of 1947 had been a report of a Special Court under this Measure,

and the bishop may in his discretion execute an instrument declaring the canonry or prebend vacant, or, if the case so requires, petition His Majesty to make such a declaration, and there shall be no appeal against such exercise of the bishop’s powers.

15. Where an office held by a dignitary has been declared vacant in pursuance of this Measure, the vacancy may be filled up in the same manner and with the like incidents in all respects as if the dignitary were dead.

16. Any notice or other document authorised or required to be sent or given by or under this Measure shall be deemed to have been duly sent or given if sent through the post in a prepaid registered letter addressed, in the case of a dignitary having an official residence to that residence, and in any other case to the dignitary at his last known place of residence.

M17. The Rule Committee appointed under section fourteen of the Incumbents (Discipline) Measure, 1947, may make rules for carrying this Measure into effect and for all matters not otherwise provided for incidental to and connected with the administration of justice under this Measure and for prescribing anything which under this Measure is to be prescribed, and the said section fourteen shall have effect as if herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Measure.

18. For the purposes of this Measure, unless the context otherwise requires—

the expression " the bishop" means the archbishop or bishop of the diocese in which the office of the dignitary

concerned is held;

1949

Church Dignitaries

(Retirement) M, 1949

No. 1,2

xi

the expression " administrative chapter" means the dean and chapter acting by or as an administrative chapter by whatever name known;

the expression "cathedral council" in relation to the cathedral of St. Alban means the dean’s council;

the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by rules under the Incumbents (Discipline) Measure, 1947, or this Measure.

19. This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Provinces of Extent Canterbury and York except the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, but may be applied to the Channel Islands or either of them, as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation)

Measure, 1931, in accordance with that Measure.

20. This Measure may be cited as the Church Dignitaries Short Title. (Retirement) Measure, 1949.

No. 2

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To make further provision with respect to the powers of Parochial Church Councils under the Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure, 1921, and to provide for related matters.

[14th July 1949.]

1. The Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure, 1921 AaJJ^i?n of

(hereinafter referred to as " the principal Measure ") shall have or

effect as if in section five thereof (which relates to the powers of purposes. Councils to acquire, manage and administer property) there were

inserted after the expression " any ecclesiastical purpose affecting the parish or any part thereof " the words "or for the furtherance of Church work by means of schemes for providing facilities for the spiritual, moral and physical training of persons residing in or near the parish". 2

2. —(1) Without prejudice to the powers conferred by the said Management section five as amended by this Measure, the Council of every and. . parish may, for the purpose of providing such facilities as aforesaid, administration, constitute or participate in the constitution of a body of managers

or a managing committee consisting either wholly or partly of persons appointed by the Council, and may confer upon any such body or committee such functions in regard to the implementation of such schemes as aforesaid upon property acquired by the Council as the Council thinks expedient.

xii No. 2,3 Parochial Church Councils 12 & 13 Geo. 6.

(Powers) (Amendment) Act, 1949

(2) The Council shall not exercise any of the powers conferred by subsection (1) of this section without the consent of the Diocesan Education Committee, which shall have power to consider all the circumstances, and may make its consent conditional upon compliance with such requirements as the Committee thinks proper in the circumstances of the case.

Short Title, 3. This Measure may be cited as the Parochial Church Councils construction (Powers) (Amendment) Measure, 1949, and shall be construed and citation. as one principal Measure, and this Measure and the

principal Measure may be cited together as the Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measures, 1921 and 1949.

No. 3

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To make better provision for the cure of souls by simplifying the procedure for the union of benefices and the holding of benefices in plurality, to restrict temporarily the exercise of rights of patronage in certain cases, to provide for the partial diversion of the endowment income of certain benefices, to amend the Pluralities Act, 1838, and the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, and for purposes connected therewith.

[14th July 1949.]

Appointment 1.—(1) The diocesan conference of every diocese to which

of Pastoral this Measure applies in whole or in part shall as soon as possible Committee. after the passing of this Measure appoint a committee to be known as the Pastoral Committee (hereafter in this Measure called " the Committee "), which may be either the Diocesan 4 & 5 Geo. 6. Reorganisation Committee constituted under the Diocesan No. l. Reorganisation Committees Measure, 1941, or a new Com-

mittee constituted in such manner as the Diocesan Conference may determine but so that—

(a) the bishop and the archdeacon of every archdeaconry

in the diocese shall be ex officio members, and

(b) the remaining members (of whom not less than one-

third shall be of the clergy and not less than one-third of the laity) shall be appointed in such manner as the diocesan conference may determine whether by election by ballot or otherwise.

1949 Pastoral Reorganisation No. 3 xiii

Measure, 1949

(2) There shall be transferred to the Committee on its appointment all the powers and duties of the Diocesan Committee appointed under the Union of Benefices Measure. 1923, or which 14 & 15 Geo. 5. would be possessed thereby if such a Committee had been No. 2. appointed, and of the appropriate diocesan committee referred

to in section one of the Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) 9 & 10 Geo. 6. Measure, 1946. No. 3.

(3) The Committee shall be responsible to the Diocesan Conference and shall present annually to the Conference a report of its activities during the preceding year. The Secretary of the Conference shall within one month after such presentation send to the Church Commissioners (hereafter in this Measure referred to as " the Commissioners ") a copy of the report together with any resolutions passed thereon by the Conference.

(4) In any case where the Committee is not the Diocesan Reorganisation Committee, the rules of procedure set out in the First Schedule to this Measure shall apply to the Committee.

2. Unless the Committee shall also be the Diocesan Re- Application of organisation Committee, none of the powers contained in this Measure to Measure shall be exercised so as to affect any benefice or parish

within an area which has been declared an ecclesiastical areas‘ reorganisation area under the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 7 & 8 Geo. 6. 1944, except at the request or with the consent of the Diocesan No. l. Reorganisation Committee. 3

3. —(1) It shall be the duty of the Committee from time to Recommenda-time as may be directed by the bishop to make a general survey Jlons of

of the diocese either as a whole or in sections, and after con- and^val sultation so far as is practicable with the incumbents and thereofby parochial church councils concerned to make recommendations the bishop, for the better provision for the cure of souls within the diocese or any part thereof. In particular the Committee may in relation to any two or more benefices or parishes recommend—

(a) the exercise of any one or more of the powers contained in the Union of Benefices Measures, 1923 to 1936, including power—

(i) to unite two or more benefices;

(ii) to divide any benefice and to unite all the several parts thereof to other benefices;

(iii) to sever from any benefice any part or parts thereof and to unite the part or parts so severed to any other benefice or to other benefices; or

(iv) to alter the boundaries of any parish by annexing thereto any contiguous area whether portion of another parish or extra-parochial; or

xiv No. 3 Pastoral Reorganisation 12 & 13 GfiO. 6

M, 1949

(b) the holding by an incumbent of any two or more benefices in plurality and the manner in which the rights of patronage of such benefices are to be exercised during the holding thereof in plurality.

(2) In making their recommendations the Committee shall take into account each of the following matters—

(a) the making of the best possible provision for the

ministry of the Word and Sacraments in the diocese as a whole, including the provision of appropriate spheres of work and conditions of service for all persons engaged in the cure of souls and the provision of reasonable remuneration for such persons;

(b) respect for the traditions, needs and characteristics of

individual parishes; and

(c) the possibility of the use of the ministry of duly

authorised laymen.

(3) When recommending the holding by an incumbent of any two or more benefices in plurality, the Committee shall have regard to the matters referred to in subsections (7) and (9) of section five and in section six of this Measure.

(4) The recommendations of the Committee as regards the diocese or any area therein shall forthwith be submitted to the bishop for his approval, and if the bishop shall approve the same, either without amendment or with amendments agreed to by the Committee, he shall forward the same with such amendments (if any) to the Commissioners as provisional proposals, and the Commissioners shall forthwith send a copy thereof to the patron of every benefice therein recommended to be united with or held in plurality with any other benefice or benefices together with a copy of sections seven, nine and ten of this Measure, and shall also send a copy of the said proposals to the incumbent of every benefice and the parochial church council of every parish concerned.

(5) All provisional proposals shall recommend the event or contingency on the happening of which any matter proposed therein shall come into operation, but in the case of any matter proposed affecting a benefice which is full at the date of the proposals the proposals shall only recommend the coming into operation of such matter earlier than the next vacation of such benefice with the consent in writing of the incumbent.

Procedure when action under the Union of Benefices Measures is proposed.

4.—(1) Where by any provisional proposals it is recommended that any one or more of the powers contained in the Union of Benefices Measures, 1923 to 1936, should be exercised, the Commissioners may prepare a scheme to give effect to such recommendations, and all the provisions of the Union of Benefices Measures, 1923 to 1936, shall apply to such a scheme as if it

1949

Pastoral Reorganisation

Measure, 1949

No. 3

xv

had been based upon the report of a commission of enquiry constituted under the said Measures and approved by the bishop of the diocese affected.

(2) His Majesty in Council may at any time after the issuing of any Order affirming any such scheme as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section (whether or not such scheme has come into operation) make a subsequent Order affirming a scheme submitted to His Majesty in Council by the Commissioners varying or revoking the original Order, provided that the scheme so submitted shall be made in accordance with the same procedure as is hereby required in the case of the original scheme.

5.—(1) Where by any provisional proposals it is recommended Procedure that an incumbent should hold any two or more benefices in when plurality plurality, the Commissioners shall consult with the bishop andis Proposed* the Committee as to any amendments to the provisional proposals which appear to the Commissioners to be necessary or desirable, and thereafter may cause to be prepared a draft of an order to be made by the bishop under this section.

(2) When a draft order has been approved by the bishop and the Committee, the Commissioners shall send a copy thereof to the incumbent and patron of every benefice and the parochial church council of every parish affected thereby and also to the rural dean of every deanery in which there is a parish affected thereby, together with a notice stating that consideration will be given by the Commissioners to any representations received by them before such date (which shall not be less than six weeks from the date of the sending of the notice) as may be specified in the notice.

(3) Any person to whom such a notice as aforesaid is required to be sent may make representations thereon in writing to the Commissioners at any time before the date specified for the purpose in the notice, or within such further period as the Commissioners may for special reasons allow.

(4) The Commissioners shall consider any representations so made to them in consultation with the bishop and the objectors and may request the bishop or the Committee to confer with the objectors thereon, and before deciding whether or not to certify their approval of the draft order the Commissioners may refer the matter to a special committee appointed by the Commissioners for consideration and report.

(5) Subject to such consultation and after full consideration of any representations made to them, the Commissioners may

(a) certify their approval of the draft order either without

amendment or with amendments agreed to by the bishop and the Committee; or

(b) refuse to approve the draft order, but such refusal shall

not prejudice the subsequent submission of different proposals affecting the same benefices.

No. 3

Pastoral Reorganisation

Measure, 1949

12 & 13 Geo. 6

xvi

(6) If the Commissioners shall certify their approval of the draft order, it shall be lawful for the bishop to make an order in writing under his hand in the terms of the draft order as approved by the Commissioners.

(7) An order made under this section may authorise an incumbent to hold two or more benefices in plurality either unconditionally or subject to any conditions and in particular subject to any or all of the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that the incumbent shall reside in a specified house of

residence;

(b) that such assistant curates shall be appointed, or other

clerical or lay assistants be employed for the cure of souls in the parishes concerned, as the order may direct, their stipends being approved by the bishop and paid out of the diocesan stipends fund/ and that for this purpose the endowment income of any benefice held in plurality shall be charged with a specified annual payment to the diocesan stipends fund;

(c) that except by leave of the bishop the incumbent shall

not resign any of the benefices held in plurality without resigning all of such benefices;

(d) that a specified part of the endowment income of any

benefice held in plurality, or any surplus of such income over and above a specified annual sum shall during the continuance of the plurality be carried to the credit of or paid to the diocesan stipends fund:

Provided that no condition shall be imposed under paragraph ib) or id) of this section which might have the effect of reducing (whether by the imposition of a charge thereon or otherwise) the aggregate of the endowment incomes in any year of the benefices to be held in plurality below the sum of £500 or such other sum as may hereafter be fixed by the Church Assembly by regulation, nor shall any such condition be imposed where the aggregate of such endowment incomes in any year is already less than the sum of £500 or such other sum as aforesaid.

1 & 2 Vict (8) The conditions laid down by the Pluralities Act, 1838, c. 106. that not more than two benefices may be held in plurality and

that not more than two benefices shall be served by the same person in one day, and the conditions laid down in section one 20 & 21 Geo. 5. of the Pluralities Measure, 1930, shall respectively not apply No. 7. in any case where an order is made under this section.

(9) In the case of the first order made under this section in respect of any two or more benefices, the order shall include directions with reference to the designation or selection of the incumbent of the benefices to be held in plurality; and in

1949 Pastoral Reorganisation No. 3 xvii

Measure, 1949

order to provide for the possibility of the plurality being renewed by subsequent order after the next vacation of the benefices to be held in plurality, shall, if all the benefices to be so held are not in the same patronage, contain directions for the settlement of the future exercise of the rights of patronage during such renewal by regulation of the course and succession in which the patrons shall present or otherwise.

(10) Where, in the case of the first order made under this section in respect of any two or more benefices, the order designates as the incumbent of the benefices to be held in plurality a person who is already the incumbent of one or more of such benefices, his admission to any benefice or benefices of which he is not already the incumbent shall be without presentation.

(11) The bishop, by a subsequent order made by him in accordance with the same procedure as is hereby required in the case of an original order, may vary any order previously made by him under this section or may revoke any such order:

Provided that no such subsequent order shall be made so as to affect adversely the rights of an existing incumbent without his consent.

(12) The bishop shall deposit any order made under this section with the Commissioners, who shall cause a notice thereof to be inserted and published in the London Gazette, and a copy thereof to be filed in the diocesan registry, and a copy sent to the patron and the parochial church council of the parishes concerned.

(13) After any order made under this section shall have been so published, such order shall be valid and of full force and effect.

(14) No licence or dispensation from the Archbishop of Canterbury shall be necessary in any case where a plurality is authorised under this section, but save as aforesaid nothing in this Measure shall affect the existing jurisdiction of the said archbishop with respect to pluralities.

6.—(1) Where two or more benefices are held in plurality Services to under the provisions of this Measure, it shall be lawful for the be held during bishop to direct what services (if any) may be omitted in the plurality, churches of such benefices or any of them, and where banns of marriage of persons entitled to be married therein may be published and marriages of such persons may be solemnized:

Provided that nothing contained in this section shall deprive a person of the right to be married in any church in which that person would have been entitled to be married if no directions had been given under this section, and a person may be married 4

4 G

xviii

Restriction on exercise of patronage while proposals are pending.

General restriction on exercise of patronage.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. No. 3.

No. 3 Pastoral Reorganisation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Measure, 1949

in such church although the banns of marriage may under directions given under this section have been published only in some other church.

(2) No clerk in Holy Orders shall be liable to any penalty or to any action or other legal proceedings in respect of the omission of any public services if such omission is authorised in writing by die bishop under this Measure.

7. If by any provisional proposals it is recommended that a benefice should be united, or held in plurality, with any other benefice or benefices and such benefice is vacant at, or becomes vacant after, the date when a copy of such proposals is sent to the patron thereof under the provisions of subsection (4) of section three of this Measure, then the patron of such benefice shall not after such date be entitled to exercise his right of presentation thereto without the concurrence of the Committee when the bishop is the patron, or in any other case without the consent of the bishop given with the concurrence of the Committee, until the occurrence of the first to occur of the following events, namely—

(a) in the case of a proposal for union, the affirmation, dismissal or withdrawal of the scheme prepared on the basis of such proposal; or

(b) in the case of a proposal for plurality, the refusal of the Commissioners to prepare a draft order, or their refusal to certify their approval of a draft order, or the publication of an order under section five of this Measure, in relation thereto; or

(c) in any case except where a scheme for union has been certified to His Majesty in Council, the expiration of one year from the date when a copy of the provisional proposals was sent to the patron.

8. —(1) If the bishop is of opinion with regard to any benefice to which the provisions of section seven of this Measure shall not for the time being be applicable—

(a) that an income adequate in all the circumstances of the

case for the support of an incumbent cannot be provided from the endowments of the benefice and the voluntary offerings of the parishioners; or

(b) that the benefice ought to be united to or held in

plurality with some other benefice or benefices,

the bishop, when notifying the patron and the parochial church council of a vacancy or impending vacancy therein pursuant to section one of the Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure, 1931, may also notify the patron and the parochial church council of such opinion.

1949 Pastoral Reorganisation No. 3 xix

Measure, 1949

(2) Where such opinion has been notified to a patron under this section, the patron shall not after the date of such notification be entitled to exercise his right of presentation to the benefice without the concurrence of the Committee where the bishop is the patron or, in any other case, without the consent of the bishop given with the concurrence of the Committee:

Provided that no restriction hereby imposed on the exercise by a patron of his right of presentation shall be operative for more than a year calculated from the date of such notification as aforesaid, unless within that year the Committee shall make recommendations in accordance with the provisions of section three of this Measure recommending that the benefice should be united or held in plurality with some other benefice or benefices and the bishop shall within that year forward the same to the Commissioners as provisional proposals, in which event the patron’s right of presentation shall thenceforward be regulated by the provisions of section seven of this Measure.

(3) The bishop shall file a copy of every notification made under the provisions of this section in the diocesan registry.

9. The bishop shall, so far as practicable, consult with the Patron to be patron or his representative in regard to any appointment of a consulted in curate in charge of a benefice during any period for which the certain cases, patron’s right of presentation is suspended under this Measure.

10. —(1) No period during which a patron shall not by virtue saving in of this Measure be entitled to exercise his right of presentation respect of shall be reckoned for purposes of lapse or for the purpose of etc. computing any period within which any act is required or permitted to be performed by the Benefices (Exercise of Rights

of Presentation) Measure, 1931.

(2) This section shall bind the Crown.

11. —(1) The Commissioners shall open and hold a diocesan Diocesan stipends fund for every diocese in which such a fund has not stipends already been established, into which shall be paid all moneys fund <fnd which may be directed by any scheme or order made under

this Measure to be so paid and any donations, legacies and Reorganisation

other contributions which may from time to time be received Areas

for the credit of, or be allocated to, that fund. Measure, 1944. 2

(2) Subject to any charges imposed upon it by any scheme or order, the said fund shall be applicable for such purposes connected with the cure of souls within the diocese as the bishop with the concurrence of the Diocesan Board of Finance may from time to time direct. In giving any such directions regard shall be had, among other considerations, to the sources from which the fund has been derived.

xx No. 3 Pastoral Reorganisation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

M, 1949

(3) Subsection (2) of section thirty of the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, shall be amended by substituting for the words "after consultation with" \he words "with the concurrence of"; which subsection as so amended is set out in the Second Schedule to this Measure.

General power 12.—(1) Where the bishop, after consultation with the patron

to divert and the incumbent (if any) of the benefice concerned and the

fncwne"6111 parochial church council of the parish concerned, is of opinion

that the endowment income of any benefice within his diocese is in excess of what is required to provide a competent income for the incumbent, the Commissioners may, subject to the provisions of this section, upon the request of the bishop and with the concurrence of the committee, make an order directing that a specified part of such endowment income, or any surplus of such endowment income over and above a specified annual sum, shall be carried to the credit of, or paid to, the diocesan stipends fund until further order; any income so directed to be carried to the credit of, or paid to, the diocesan stipends fund is hereafter in this Measure referred to as " diverted income *\

(2) Before any order under this section is made, the Commissioners shall submit a draft thereof to the patron and the parochial church council of the benefice concerned, who may at any time within one month thereafter make representations for the consideration of the Commissioners.

(3) Any order made under this section shall contain such provision as the bishop with the concurrence of the Committee may determine for the payment out of the diverted income of a benefice of the stipends of any curates and the remuneration of any clerical or lay assistance required to enable the cure of souls of such benefice to be adequately served, and effect shall be given to any such direction, any statutory provisions for the application of the diocesan stipends fund to the contrary notwithstanding.

(4) No order shall be made under this section which affects the rights of any existing incumbent except by his desire and at his request, or which might have the effect of reducing the endowment income of the benefice in any year below die sum of £750 or such other sum as may hereafter be fixed by the Church Assembly by regulation, or in any case where the endowment income of the benefice is already less than the sum of £750 or such other sum as aforesaid.

(5) In considering the propriety of recommending or making such an order, all the circumstances of the benefice shall be taken into account, including the character and suitability of the residence house thereof, and the order may make alternative provisions according as the existing residence house is to be retained in its existing condition, or is to be altered, sold or exchanged, and to provide for other varying circumstances.

1949

Pastoral Reorganisation

Measure, 1949

No. 3

XXI

(6) Any order made under this section may at any time be revoked or varied by the Commissioners at the request or with the consent of the bishop and with the concurrence of the Committee, but they shall not vary or revoke any order so as to reduce the annual income payable to an existing incumbent out of the endowment income of the benefice.

(7) The Commissioners shall cause a notice of any order made under this section to be inserted and published in the London Gazette and a copy thereof to be filed in the diocesan registry.

(8) After any order made under this section shall have been so published, such order shall be valid and of full force and effect.

13. —(1) Any order under this Measure containing a direction for crediting or paying diverted income of a benefice to the diocesan stipends fund may also contain such provisions as the Commissioners think necessary for giving effect to such direction.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, any such order may provide that effect may be given to any such directions as is therein mentioned by the creation of any rentcharge or rentcharges or other annual sum or sums issuing out of the endowments or property of the benefice concerned or some part or parts thereof, and where any rentcharge is created the order may contain all such powers for recovering the rentcharge by distress upon or perception of the rents and profits of any hereditaments to be charged therewith or otherwise as to the Commissioners shall seem reasonable and proper.

(3) Where any such order as aforesaid shall provide for the creation of any rentcharge or annual sum issuing out of or charged upon die endowments or property of the benefice concerned or some part or parts thereof, all powers for recovering the same or relating thereto shall be vested in and be enforceable by the Commissioners.

14. —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in section ninety-five of the Pluralities Act, 1838, no curate shall be obliged to quit and give up the cure of any benefice to which this section applies on or after a vacancy occurring therein upon having six weeks* notice from the new incumbent of such benefice given within six months from the filling of such vacancy, unless the new incumbent shall have previously obtained the consent of the bishop to such notice being given:

Provided that if the bishop shall refuse to give such consent the new incumbent may within one month of this refusal appeal to the archbishop of the province, who shall either confirm

Further provisions as to diverted endowment income.

Restriction on new incumbent’s right to give curate notice to quit

xxii No. 3 Pastoral Reorganisation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

M, 1949

such refusal or give his consent to such notice being given, as to him may seem just and proper, and a notice given with the consent of the archbishop shall be as effective for the purpose of this section as a notice given with the consent of the bishop.

(2) This section shall apply to every united benefice and to every benefice held in plurality with any other benefice or benefices, howsoever the same may have been formed or whatever the authority under which the same may be held in plurality.

15.—(1) All notices, consents, concurrences and directions required by this Measure to be sent or obtained shall be in writing.

(2) The provisions as to benefices having no incumbent and parishes having no parochial church councils contained in section forty of the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, shall apply as if re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the provisions of this Measure with respect to notices to be sent to, and with respect to consultations with and obtaining the consents of, incumbents or such councils.

(3) The provisions as to service of documents contained in section fifty-two of the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944 (a copy of which section is set out in the Third Schedule to this Measure) shall apply to all notices or other documents required or authorised to be sent under this Measure or (after the passing of this Measure) under the Union of Benefices Measures, 1923 to 1936, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the said last mentioned Measures or in any rules made thereunder.

Provisions as 16. Where it becomes necessary in relation to any proceedings to patrons in under this Measure to determine who is the patron of any special cases, benefit for the purposes of this Measure, and in the opinion of the Commissioners it is doubtful who is such patron, or where the patron of a benefice which is the subject of any proceedings under this Measure cannot be found, or where the patronage of any such benefice is in the Crown or is part of the possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster or of the Duchy of Cornwall, or the patron of any such benefice is a minor or a person of unsound mind or a Roman Catholic, the provisions of sections thirty-nine, forty and forty-one respectively of the Union of Benefices Measure, 1923, shall apply as if re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Measure.

17. Subject to the provisions of section ten of this Measure, nothing in this Measure or any scheme or order made under this Measure shall without 1he consent (given either generally or as respects a particular benefice) of IBs Majesty, or as the case may be, of the Duke of Cornwall, apply in relation to any benefice the patronage of which is vested in or exercisable by

Savings in respect of benefices in the patronage of the Crown.

Provisions as to notices and consents and service of documents.

1949 Pastoral Reorganisation No. 3 xxiii

Measure, 1949

His Majesty, whether in right of his Crown or of his Duchy of Lancaster, or is vested in or exercisable by the possessor for the time being of the Duohy of Cornwall, whether His Majesty or a Duke of Cornwall.

18. If any question shall arise as to what constitutes the Endowment endowment income of any benefice for the purposes of this income. Measure or as to the amount thereof, such questions shall be decided by the Commissioners, whose decision shall be final

and binding.

19. In this Measure— Interpretation.

the expression " presentation " includes collation, nomination and any other manner of filling vacant benefices,

and the word "present" shall be construed accordingly;

subject to the provisions of section sixteen of this Measure, the expression " the patron " in relation to any benefice means the person or persons for the time being entitled, otherwise than by lapse, to present to that benefice upon a vacancy, including—

(a) in any case where the right to present is vested in different persons jointly, every person whose concurrence would be required for the exercise of the joint right; and

(b) in any case where the patronage is vested in different persons by way of alternate or successive rights of presentation, every person who is for the time being the person who would be entitled to present on the next or any subsequent turn;

the expression " the bishop ", when used with reference to a benefice, means the bishop of the diocese in which that benefice is situate (including during a vacancy in the see the guardian of the spiritualities thereof);

the expression " diocesan stipends fund" means a diocesan stipends fund established under the provisions of the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, or under section eleven of this Measure.

20. —(1) This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Pro- Extent and vince of Canterbury, except the Channel Islands and benefices short title, wholly or partly within the City of London, and to the whole

of the Province of York except the diocese of Sodor and Man,

but may be applied to the Channel Islands or either of them,

as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 21 & 22 Geo. 5.

1931, in accordance with the procedure set out in the schedule No. 4.

to that Measure.

(2) This Measure may be cited as the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949.

xxiv

Section 1

Section 11.

Section IS.

Service of documents.

No. 3 Pastoral Reorganisation 12 & 13 Geo. 6

Measure, 1949

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Rules of Procedure Applicable to the Committee in cases

WHERE THE COMMITTEE IS NOT THE DlOCESAN REORGANISATION

Committee.

1. The chairman of the Committee shall be the bishop or some other member of the Committee nominated by him.

2. Five members of the Committee, of whom not more than two shall be ex officio, shall form a quorum.

3. The Committee may act notwithstanding any vacancy in its membership.

4. Every question submitted to a meeting of the Committee shall be decided by a majority of the votes of those present, the chairman having a second or casting vote in the case of an equality of votes.

5. The Committee shall have power to appoint sub-committees and to appoint thereto persons who are not members of the Committee.

6. Subject to the foregoing provisions and to any directions given by the Diocesan Conference, the Committee shall have power to regulate its own procedure.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Section 30(2) of the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, as amended by Section 11(3) of this Measure.

30.—(2) Subject to any charges imposed upon it by this Measure or by a reorganisation scheme, and to repayment of any moneys advanced by the Commissioners in respect of compensation payable to incumbents, the said fund shall be applicable for such purposes connected with the cure of souls within the diocese as the bishop with the concurrence of the diocesan board of finance may from time to time direct.

In giving any such direction regard shall be had, amongst other considerations, to the sources from which the fund has been derived.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, Section 52.

52.—(1) Any notice or other document which is required or authorised by this Measure or by a reorganisation scheme to be sent to any person or body of persons may be sent—

(a) in the case of any diocesan committee or board, by sending it

by post in a prepaid letter addressed to the secretary of the committee or board, either at their office, or at his usual, or last known, residence;

(b) in the case of a parochial church council, by sending it by post in a prepaid letter addressed to the secretary of the council by his name at his usual, or last known, residence, or, if his name or residence is unknown, then in such a letter addressed to him by the title of secretary of the council in question at the usual, or last known, residence of the incumbent of the benefice;

1949 Pastoral Reorganisation No. 3,4 xxv

Measure, 1949

(c) in the case of the churchwardens of a parish, by sending it

by post in prepaid letters addressed to any two of them at their usual, or last known, residences, or, if there is only one churchwarden, by sending it by post in such a letter addressed to him at his usual, or last known, residence;

(d) in the case of the patron of a benefice, by sending it by post to each of the persons falling within the definition of patron contained in this Measure in a prepaid letter addressed to him at his usual, or last known, residence:

Provided that—

(i) where a benefice is in the patronage of a parochial church council, the notice may be sent in accordance with paragraph (b) of this subsection; and

(ii) where a benefice is in the patronage of a corpora* tion aggregate, or any public body, or body of trustees (other than trustees for private individuals), the notice may be sent by post in a prepaid letter addressed to the clerk or secretary of that corporation or body at his usual, or last known, residence or place of business, or, if that corporation or body has no clerk or secretary, then in such letters addressed to any two members thereof at their usual, or last known, residences;

(e) in the case of any other person, by sending it by post in a

prepaid letter addressed to him at his usual, or last known, residence.

(2) Any notice or other document which under the preceding subsection may be sent by post to any person may be delivered to him in person or, if properly addressed to him, may be left at the residence or place of business to which it might have been sent by post

(3) If any question arises as to the person to whom, or the manner in which, a notice or other document is to be sent the Commissioners may decide the point and their decision shall be final and conclusive.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6 No. 4

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To amend the Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure, 1946.

[16th December 1949.]

1.—The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section four of the Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure 1946 (hereafter in this Measure called "the principal Measure "):—

" (1) Sequestrators appointed in pursuance of section two of this Measure, in addition to exercising any powers vested in them as such by the Benefices (Sequestrations) Measure, 1933, or by the general law relating to sequestrations, may.

Amendment of s. 4(1) of the Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure, 1946. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. No. 3.

xxvi No. 4 Benefices (Suspension of 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Presentation) Measure, 1946, (Amendment) Act, 1949

with the consent of the bishop, exercise in relation to any property of the benefice, any other power which an incumbent would have if the benefice were full, not being a power which by the provisions of any Act or Measure is during a vacancy exercisable by the bishop or the Church Commissioners. They may also, with the consent of the bishop and after consultation with the parochial church council make such arrangements as they may deem advantageous for the use and occupation of the house of residence of the benefice so long during the suspension period as the curate in charge of the benefice is not required to reside therein.

Nothing in this subsection shall affect the right of a patron of a benefice to exercise while the benefice is vacant any right of patronage vested in the incumbent thereof or affect the operation of the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measures, 1923 to 1929."

Amendment of 2.—(1) The following proviso shall be substituted for the

s. 4 (2) of the proviso to subsection (2) of section four of the principal same Measure. Measure: —

" Provided that—

(<a)if at any time during the course of the sequestration the balance in the hands of the sequestrators exceeds two hundred pounds, they may, with the approval of the bishop, and shall, if he with the concurrence of the committee so directs, pay the excess or some part thereof to the Church Commissioners, who shall, after consultation with the bishop and the committee, apply the same for the improvement of the house of residence or otherwise for the advantage of the benefice or credit the same to the diocesan stipends fund of the diocese;

(b) if at the close of the sequestration the balance in the hands of the sequestrators exceeds two hundred pounds or such other sum as may hereafter be fixed by the Church Assembly by regulation, they shall pay the excess to the Church Commissioners who shall apply the same as aforesaid or credit it to the diocesan stipends fund of the diocese." 2

(2) Where, under the proviso to subsection (2) of section four of the principal Measure as originally enacted, any money has been paid to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or the Church Commissioners for the purposes referred to in that proviso but has not at the date of the passing of this Measure been expended on or appropriated to those purposes, the Church Commissioners may, if the bishop with the concurrence of the committee so requests, transfer such money or any part thereof to the diocesan stipends fund of the diocese.

1949 Benefices ( Suspension of No. 4 xxvii

Presentation) Measure, 1946, (Amendment) Act, 1949

3. —The following subsection shall be added to section six of Amendment of

the principal Measure: — *•6 of s*2 6

Measure.

" (3) In any case where the bishop is required by this Measure to consult with a parochial church council, unless the council shall in writing have requested the bishop to attend a meeting of the council in the parish, such consultation shall be deemed to have duly taken place if the bishop shall have consulted with two representatives of the parochial church council, who shall be either (a) the churchwardens or (b) members of the parochial church council, nominated by the council for the purpose."

4. —(1) In the principal Measure as amended by this Measure interpretation, and in this Measure—

the expression " the committee" means the " appropriate diocesan committee" referred to in subsection (1) of section one of the principal measure;

the expression "the diocesan stipends fund" means a diocesan stipends fund established under the provisions of section thirty of the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 7 & g $ 1944, or under section eleven of the Pastoral No. 1. Reorganisation Measure, 1949. 11 &^12 Geo. 6.

(2) In this Measure the expression " the bishop " has the same meaning as in the principal Measure.

5. —(1) This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Extent, Provinces of Canterbury and York, except the Channel Islands Short Title and the Isle of Man, but both the principal Measure and this and Citation. Measure may, at any time within two years from the passing

of this Measure, be applied to the Channel Islands, as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931, or either 2j & 22 Geo. 5 of them, in accordance with the procedure set out in the schedule No. 4. to that Measure.

(2) This Measure may be cited as the Benefices (Suspension of

Presentation) Measure, 1946, (Amendment) Measure, 1949, and

this Measure and the principal Measure may be cited together

as the Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measures, 1946

and 1949.

xxviii

Amendment of s. 38 (1) of the Reorganisation Areas Measure 1944.

7 & 8 Geo 6, No. 1.

Extent, short title, citation and construction.

21 & 22 Geo. 3, No. 4.

No. 5 Reorganisation Areas 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Measure, 1944 (Amendment) Act, 1949

No. 5

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To amend the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944.

[16th December 1949.]

1. The following paragraphs shall be substituted for paragraphs (a) and (b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944 (hereafter in this Measure called " the principal Measure "): —

" (a) a restriction imposed by this section shall cease to be operative upon the expiration of ten years from the passing of this Measure;

" (b) the period between the receipt by the patron of the notice and the giving of consent by the bishop, or the expiration of the said term of ten years, whichever first occurs, shall not be reckoned for the purpose of lapse; and "

2. —(1) This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Provinces of Canterbury and York except the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, but may be applied to the Channel Islands, as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931, or either of them in accordance with that Measure.

(2) This Measure may be cited as the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944 (Amendment) Measure, 1949, and this Measure and the principal Measure may be cited together as the Reorganisation Areas Measures, 1944 and 1949.

(3) This Measure shall be construed as one with the principal Measure.

TABLE IV.

SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE LEGISLATION OF 1949

ACTS AND MEASURES (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED, AMENDED OR OTHERWISE AFFECTED BY ACTS AND MEASURES WHICH RECEIVED THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING 12, 13 & 14 GEO. 6.*

[Note.—For the effect of Statutory Instruments and Defence Regulations on the Statutes see, respectively, Table A in the Annual Volume of Statutory

Instruments and the table at the beginning of the current edition of Defence Regulations.]

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

2 Hen. 5. st. 2:

c. 1 Justices of the peace shall be appointed from the Repealed (E.) ... 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part I.

residents.

11 Hen. 7:

c. 12 Suing in forma pauperis Repealed (prosp.) 51, s. 17 (3) (a).

Act, 1495.

27 Hen. 8:

c. 24 Jurisdiction in Liberties Ss. 2, 4, 5, 14 in part. 101, s. 46 (2),

Act, 1535. 15 in part, repealed (prosp.) sch. 7 Part HI.

32 Hen. 8:

c. 38 Marriage Act, 1540 Repealed 76, s. 79 (1),

sch. 5 Part 1.

34 & 35 Hen. 8:

c. 26 Laws in Wales Act, 1542 S.21 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) sch. 7 Part HI.

2 & 3 Edw. 6:

c. 23 — Repealed 76, s. 79 (1),

sch. 5 Part I.

1 Car. 1:

c. 1 Sunday Observance Act, Repealed in part (prosp.) 101, s. 46, sch. 7

1625. Part. III.

3 Car. 1:

c. 2 Sunday Observance Act, Repealed in part (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

1627. sch. 7 Part HI.

29 Car. 2:

c. 7 Sunday Observance Act, S. 2 repealed in part 101, s. 47 (2),

1677. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part HI.

7&8WU1. 3:

c. 7 Parliamentary Elections Repealed 68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

(Returns) Act, 1695.

* The cumulative effect of s.176 of the Representation of the People Act, 1949 (12, 13 & 14 G.6 c.68), of s.5 of the Electoral Registers Act, 1949 (12, 13 & 14G.6 c.86), and of S.I. 1950 No.242 is that the repeals effected by those two Acts will all be in full force on April 3, 1950.

The repeals and amendments effected by the House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949 (12, 13 & 14 G.6 c.66. s.7), the Representation of the People Act, 1949 (12, 13 & 14 G.6. c.68. s. 174(2)), and the Election Commissioners Act, 1949 (12, 13 & 14 G.6. c. 90. s.20) do not affect the law relating to the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

74367 41

XXX

Effect of Legislation

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

6 Anne:

c. 40 Union with Scotland S. 5 repealed 68, ss. 175, 176

(Amendment) Act, 1707. (2) (3), sch. 9.

11 Geo. 2:

c. 19 Distress for Rent Act, S. 4 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

1737. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part in.

15 Geo. 2:

c. 33 Starr and Bent Act, 1741 Ss. 6, 7 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) sch.7 Part HI.

19 Geo. 2:

c. 21 Profane Oaths Act, 1745 Ss. 7 in part, 9, 10 101, s. 46 (2),

repealed (prosp.) sch. 7 Part nr.

17 Geo. 3:

c. 53 Clergy Residences Repair S. 12 extended 74, s. 33.

Act, 1776.

c. 56 Frauds by Workmen S. 3 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2),

Act, 1777. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part HI.

22 Geo. 3:

c. 45 House of Commons (Disqualification) Act, Excluded (retro (Member’s indemnification) 46, s. 2.

1782.

30 Geo. 3:

c. 48 Treason Act, 1790 Repealed in part (S.) (prosp.) 94, s. 14.

32 Geo. 3:

c. 56 Servants’ Characters Act, S. 6 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

1792. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part m.

33 Geo. 3:

c. 55 Parish Officers Act, 1793 S. 1 repealed in part (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

35 Geo. 3:

c. 113 Sale of Beer Act, 1795 ... Ss. 5, 10 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) sch. 7 Part UI.

36 Geo. 3:

c. 52 Legacy Duty Act, 1796... Act, except s. 37, repealed 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

with saving. sch. 11 Part IV.

38 Geo. 3:

c. 5 Land Tax Act, 1797 ... Ss. 1-2, 4, 7 in part, 8, 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. ll Part VI.

18 in part, 25-29, 34, 36-38, 40, 53, 57 in part, 70-71, 77-80, 84, 124, 128-129 repealed with saving.

c. 60 Land Tax Perpetuation Repealed with saving ... 47, ss. 42, 52

Act, 1798. (9) (10), sch. 11 Part VI.

39 Geo. 3:

c. 73 Legacy Duty Act, 1799... Repealed with saving ... 47, s. 52 (9) (10).

sch 11 Part IV,

c. 79 Unlawful Societies Act, S. 36 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2),

1799. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part UI,

39 & 40 Geo. 3:

c. 67 Union with Ireland Act, S. 2 repealed in part ... 68, ss. 175, 176

1800. (2) (3), sch. 9.

41 Geo. 3:

c. 52 House of Commons Excluded (retrosp*) (Mem- 46, s. 2.

(Disqualifications) Act, 1801. ber’s indemnification).

A.D. 1949 Effect of Legislation xxxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

42 Geo. 3:

c. 116 Land Tax Redemption Act, 1802. Ss. 35-36, 129-130 repealed with saving. S. 167 repealed in part with saving. S. 173 repealed in part... Ss. 180-182 repealed with saving. 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part VI. 47, ss. 37 (9), 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part VI. 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part V. 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part VI.

45 Geo. 3:

c. 28 Legacy Duty Act, 1805... Repealed with saving ... 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Pan IV.

46 Geo 3:

c. 43 Appraisers Licences Act, 1806. Repealed (retro 47, ss. 14, 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Parti.

c. 153 Public Harbours Act, 1806. Repealed (E. S.) 74, ss. 34 (5), 48, sch. 3.

48 Geo. 3:

c. 141 Assessment of Taxes Act, 1808. Repealed with saving ... 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part VI.

c. 149 Probate and Legacy Duties Act, 1808. S. 38 repealed in part ... S. 44 repealed with saving 47,s.52(9), (10), sch. 11 Part V. 47, s. 52(9), (10), sch. 11 Part IV.

51 Geo. 3:

c. 36 Cinque Ports Act, 1811 Ss. 1-5,8 repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

53 Geo. 3:

c. 123 Land Tax Redemption Act, 1813. S. 30 repealed in part ... Sch. E, rule 3, repealed in part with saving. 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part V. 47, ss. 37 (9), 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part VI.

c. 142 Land Tax Act, 1813 ... Repealed with saving ... 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part VI.

54 Geo. 3:

c. 146 Treason Act, 1814 Repealed in part (S.) (prosp.) 94, s. 14.

55 Geo. 3:

c. 42 Jury Trials (Scotland) Act, 1815. Ss. 22 in part, 24-27, 29 in part, 30 repealed. 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

c. 184 Stamp Act, 1815 S. 2 repealed in part with saving. Ss. 21-22 repealed Sch. Part HI, repealed in part with saving. 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part IV. 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part V. 47, s. 52 (9), (10). sch. 11 Part IV.

57 Geo. 3:

c. 19 Seditious Meetings Act, 1817. S. 31 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.) S. 25 extended 101, s. 46 (2). sch. 7 Part III,

c. 97 Land Revenues of the Crown Act, 1817. 74, s. 11 (2) (c).

3 Geo. 4:

c. 46 Levy of Fines Act, 1822 Applied (E.) 68, s. 135 (2).

c. 114 Hard Labour Act, 1822 Repealed (S.) (prosp.) ... 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

4 Geo. 4:

c. 76 74367 Marriage Act, 1823 Repealed with saving ... 76, s. 79 (1), (8X sch. 5 Part I. 412

xxxii Effect of Legislation 12, 13 & 14 Gfo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

5 Geo. 4:

c. 32 Marriage Act, 1824 Repealed 76, s. 79 (1),

sch. 5 Part 1.

c. 84 Transportation Act, 1824 Repealed (S.) (prosp.) ... 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

6 Geo. 4:

c. 22 Jurors (Scotland) Act, S. 4 repealed 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

1825. S. 5 amended 27, s. 29, sch. 1.

Ss. 6, 7 repealed in part 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

S. 8 amended 27, s. 29, sch. 1.

S. 9 amended 27, s. 29, sch. 1.

repealed in part ... 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

Ss. 10 in part, 12, 16 in 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

part, repealed. S. 17 amended 27, s. 29, sch. 1.

repealed in part ... 27, s. 35, sch 3.

c. 30 Juries Act, 1825 Ss. 25 in part, 30, 33, 35, 27, s. 35, sch. 2

Excise Licences Act, 1825 40 in part, 43 in part, repealed. Part HI.

c. 81 Ss. 7, 10 repealed in part 47, ss. 14,52 (9),

(retrosp.) (10), sch. 11 Parti.

7 Geo. 4:

c. 8 Juries (Scotland) Act, Ss. 1-3, 4 in part, re- 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

1826. pealed.

c. 16 Chelsea and Kilmainham S. 39 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

Hospitals Act, 1826. sch. 11 Part V.

9 Geo. 4:

c. 43 Division of Counties Act, Repealed {prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

1828. sch. 7 Part III.

10 Geo. 4:

c. 44 Metropolitan Police Act, S. 37 repealed (prosp.)... 101, s. 46 (2),

1829. sch. 7 Pan III.

c. 50 Crown Lands Act, 1829 S. 78 repealed 0 .) 47, ss. 14, 52 (9),

(10), sch. 11 Parti.

11 Geo. 4 &

1 Will. 4:

c. 18 Marriage Confirmation S. 2 repealed (E.) 76, ss. 79 (1), 80

Act, 1830. (2), sch. 5 Part I. 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

c. 39 Transportation Act, 1830 S. 2 repealed (S.) (prosp.)

c. 64 Beerhouse Act, 1830 ... S. 24 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2).

(prosp.) sch. 7 Part 111.

c. 66 Forgery Act, 1830 S. 21 repealed in part ... 76, s. 79 (1), sch.

5 Part I.

1 & 2 Will. 4:

c. 21 Land Tax Act, 1831 Repealed with saving ... 47, s. 52 (9), 10),

sch. 11 Part VI.

c. 32 Game Act, 1831 S. 37 repealed (E.) (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

sch. 7 Part III.

c. 41 Special Constables Act, S. 15 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

1831. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part III.

2 & 3 Will. 4:

c. 65 Representation of the S. 36 repealed in part ... 68, ss. 175, 176

People (Scotland) Act, 1832. (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 69 Corporate Property Repealed 68, ss. 174 (2),

(Elections) Act, 1832. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

4 & 5 Will. 4:

c. 60 Land Tax Act, 1834 ... Repealed with saving ... 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

sch. 11 Part VI.

c. 67 Transportation Act, 1834 Repealed (S). (prosp.) ... 94, s. 79, sch. 12,

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

XXXIII

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

5 & 6 Will. 4:

c. SO Highways Act, 1835 ... S. 23 applied 97, s. 49.

S. 103 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) sch. 7 Part III.

c. 54 Marriage Act, 1835 Repealed (E.) 76, ss. 79 (1), 80 (2), sch. 5 Part I.

6 &7 Will.4:

c. 12 Petty Sessional Divisions Repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

Act, 1836. sch. 7 Part III.

c. 85 Marriage Act, 1836 Act, except ss. 3, 17, 45, 76, s. 79 (1), sch/

repealed 5 Parti

c. 86 Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836. S. 13 repealed in part ... 47,s.52(9), (10), sch. 11 Part V.

S. 14 applied 76, s. 59.

Ss. 17 in part, 30, 31, 33, 76, s. 79 (1), sch.

34 in part, 35 in part, 37 in part, 38 in part, 40, 42, 44, Sch. C, 5 Part I.

repealed.

c. 87 Liberties Act, 1836 Ss. 2 in part, 3,6,7,9-11, repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

7 Will. 4 &

1 Vict.:

c. 22 Births and Deaths Regis- Ss. 1, 3, 5, 23, 26 in part. 76, s. 79 (1), sch.

tration Act, 1837. 27, 28 in part, 29 in part, 33-36, repealed. 5 Part I. 47, ss. 14, 52,

c. 41 Small Debt (Scotland) S. 20 repealed in part

Act, 1837. (retrosp.) sch. 11 Part I.

1 & 2 Vict.:

c. 58 Land Tax Redemption Ss. 2-4 repealed with 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

Act, 1838. saving. sch. 11 Part VI.

c. 74 Small Tenements Re- Applied 67, s. 31 (2) (6).

covery Act, 1838.

c. 106 Pluralities Act, 1838 ... Excluded in part C.A.M. No. 3,

s. 5 (8).

S. 95 excluded C.A.M. No. 3,

s. 14 (1).

2 & 3 Vict.:

c. 47 Metropolitan Police Act, S. 52 extended 26, s. 4 (9).

1839. S. 77 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) sch. 7 Part III.

c. 71 Metropolitan Police S. 3 repealed in part 101, ss. 31 (2),

Courts Act, 1839. (prosp.) 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

S. 16 repealed (prosp.) ... 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part II. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI. 101, ss. 11 (9),

S. 34 repealed (prosp.)...

S. 42 repealed (prosp.)...

46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

Ss. 46-47 repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

sch. 7 Part III.

c. 82 Counties (Detached Parts) S. 3 repealed (prosp.) ... 101, s. 46 (2),

Act, 1839. sch. 7 Part HI.

3 & 4 Vict.:

c. 72 Marriage Act, 1840 Repealed 76, s. 79 (1),

sch. 5 Part I.

c. 108 Municipal Corporations S. 84 repealed in part ... 68, ss. 175, 176

(Ireland) Act, 1840. (2), (3), sch. 9.

xxxiv

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

5 & 6 Vict.:

c. 37 ... Land Tax Act, 1842 ... Repealed with saving ... 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part VI.

c. 44 Licensing Act, 1842 ... S. 5 repealed in part (prosp.). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

c. 61 South Australia Act, 1842 Repealed (S.) (prosp.) 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

c. 94 Defence Act, 1842 S. 6 applicable to Ministry of Civil Aviation. 67, s. 23 (8), (9).

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 7 Transportation Act, 1843 Repealed (S.) (prosp.)... 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

< c. 18 Parliamentary Voters’ Registration Act, 1843. Repealed 68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 30 Pound-breach Act, 1843 S. 1 repealed in part (prosp.). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part IH.

c. 40 Hosiery Act, 1843 S. 20 repealed in part (prosp.). 101, s. 46 (2). sch. 7 Part HI.

c. 68 Theatres Act, 1843 S. 5 amended (E.) (prosp.) repealed in part (E.) (prosp.) S. 21 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.) 101, s. 41 (5) (b). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part IH. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

7 & 8 Vict.:

c. 61 Counties (Detached Parts) Act, 1844. S. 3 repealed (prosp.) ... 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

c. 81 Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1844. Applied in part (notices and certificates). 76, s. 38 (3).

c. 92 Coroners Act, 1844 Ss. 5, 19, 20 applied (prosp.) 101, s. 10, sch. 2, para. 10.

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 15 Auctioneers Act, 1845 ... Ss. 2-6, 8 repealed (retrosp.) 47, ss. 14, 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part I.

c. 16 Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. S. 152 repealed (E.) (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part IH.

c. 18 Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. Applied in part as modified (E.) Excluded in part (E.) ... Act, except Ss. 127-133 incorporated as modified. S. 19 applied as modified Ss. 51, 52 extended (E.) Ss. 54-56 repealed (E.) ... S. 58 amended (E.) (prosp.) S. 68 saved Ss. 84-90 excluded S. 92 excluded S. 106 amended (E.) (prosp.) S. 116 amended (E.) (prosp.) S. 133 repealed in part with saving. 74, s. 27 (3). 84, s. 6 (1). 26, s. 3 (1) (4), sch. 3, para. 7. 26, s. 3 (4), sch. 3, para. 5 (5). 27, s. 12. 27, Ss. 18 (2), 35, sch. 2 Part IH. 42, s. 1 (6). 26, s. 3 (4), sch. 3, para. 5 (10). 26, s. 3 (4), sch. 3, para. 9. 26, s. 3 (4), sch. 3, para. 6 (1). 42, s. 1 (6). 42, s. 1 (3) (c). 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part VI.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 19 Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845.

c. 20 Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

c. 76 ! Revenue Act, 1845

c. 109 Gaming Act, 1845

c. 118 Inclosure Act, 1845

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 14 Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847.

c. 16 Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

c. 27 Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847.

c. 34 Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847.

c. 65 Cemeteries Clauses Act, 1847.

c. 67 Transportation Act, 1847

c. 90 Poor Relief (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1847.

11 & 12 Vict.:

c. 43 Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

c. 99 Inclosure Act, 1848

How affected

Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

Applied in part as modi-

Excluded in part

Incorporated in part as modified (prosp.)

S. 43 repealed in part ...

Ss. SO, SI extended

Ss. 53-55 repealed

Ss. 57,97 amended (prosp.)

S. 109 amended (prosp.)

S. 127 repealed in part with saving.

Act, except ss. 7-9, incorporated as modified.

Ss. 23, 57, 58, 64, 84, 99, 103, 105, 116, 119 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.)

S. 150 repealed (E.) (prosp.)

S. 159 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 1 repealed (retrosp.)

S. 4 repealed with saving

Sch. 3 amended (E.)

(prosp.)

S. 159 repealed in part

S. 163 repealed in part...

Ss. 26, 56 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.)

S. 106 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 95 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 30 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.)

Ss. 58-59 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.)

S. 2 repealed (S.) (prosp.)

Ss. 19-20 applied (Boundary Commission, N.I.)

S. II excluded (prosp excluded ...

S. 31 repealed in part (prosp.).

S. 10 repealed in part (prosp.).

74, s. 27 (3).

84, s. 6 (1).

94, s. 52 (3).

27, s. 35, sch. 3. 27, s. 27.

27, ss. 30, 35, sch. 3.

42, s. 1(6) (8) (a) 42, s. 1 (3) (c) (8) (a).

47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part VI. 26,s.3(2).

.101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

47, ss. 14, 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part I.

47, s. 52 (9) 10). sch. 11 Part IV.

101, s. 41 (3).

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part V.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

66, s. 1 (2), sch. 1 Part HI, para. 5(3).

51, s. 15 (2).

68, ss. 73 (3), 78, 167, sch. 6 para. 4 (2).

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part m.

XXXVI

Effect of Legislation

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

12 & 13 Vict.:

c. 18 Petty Sessions Act, 1849 Ss. 2-3 repealed 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Fart HI.

c. 83 Inclosure Act, 1849 S. 10 repealed in part (prosp.). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 36 Court of Session Act, 1850. S. 42 repealed in part ... 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

c. 57 Vestries Act, 1850 S. 7 restricted (prosp.) ... 101, s. 24.

c. 69 Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1850. Repealed 68, ss. 174 (2), 175, 176 (2). (3), sch. 9.

c. 105 Liberties Act, 1850 Ss. 1-4 in part, 6-7 repealed (prosp.). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

14 & 15 Vict.:

c. 55 Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1851. Ss. 10-12 repealed in part (prosp.). Applied (N.I.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part 1H.

c. 90 Fines Act (Ireland), 1851 68, s. 135(2).

c. 93 Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851. Amended 68, ss. 73 (3), 174 (1).

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 57 Election Commissioners Act, 1852. Repealed 90, s. 21, sch.

c. 76 Common Law Procedure Act, 1852. S. 108 repealed 27, s. 35, sch. 2 Partni.

c. 79 Inclosure Act, 1852 S. 33 repealed in part (prosp.). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part 1U.

16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 51 Succession Duty Act, 1853. Act, except ss. 47, 49, 53, repealed with saving. 47, s. 52 (9). (10), sch. 11 Part IV.

c. 99 Penal Servitude Act, 1853 Repealed (S.) (prosp.) ... S. 9 repealed (E.) (prosp.) 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

c. 119 Betting Act, 1853 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 31 Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854. S. 3 repealed in part 11, s. 8, sch.

c. 38 Gaming Houses Act, 1854. S. 8 repealed (E.) (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

c. 80 Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854. S. 16 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52, sch. 11, Part V.

c. 91 Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854. Applied in part 31, s. 16(6).

c. 102 Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854. Repealed 68, ss. 174 (2), 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 125 Common Law Procedure Act, 1854. S. 59 repealed in part ... 27, s. 35, sch. 2 Part HI.

18 & 19 Vict.:

c. 48 Cinque Ports Act, 1855... Ss. 3-8 repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

c. 117 Ordnance Board Transfer Act, 1855. S. 2 applied in part (E.S.) applicable to Ministry of Civil Aviation. S. 5 applicable to Ministry of Civil Aviation. 59, s. 3 (6). 67, s. 23 (8), (9). 67, s. 23 (8), (9).

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xxxvii

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

18 & 19 Vict:

c. 120 Metropolis Management Amended (special roads) }32, a. 22 (3).

Act, 1855. S. 130 excluded

19 & 20 Vict:

c. 48 Justices (Scotland) Act, S. 4restricted{prosp.) 101, a. 9 <u).

1856.

c. 119 Marriage and Registra- Act, except ss. 15,16, 24, 76, a. 79 (1),

tion Act, 1856. 25, repealed. sch. 5 Part I.

20 Vict.:

c. 19 Extra-Parochial Places Ss. 9-10 repealed 76, s. 79 (1),

Act 1857. sch. 5 Part I.

20-21 Vict.:

c. 1 Cinque Ports Act, 1857... Repealed {prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

sch. 7 Part III.

c. 3 Penal Servitude Act 1857 Act, except ss. 2, 6, re- 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

pealed (S.) {prosp.).

c. 57 Married Women’s Rever- S. 1 repealed in part (E.) 78, s. 1, sch. 2.

sionary Interests Act 1857.

c. 71 Lunacy (Scotland) Act, Excluded in part {prosp.) I

1857. V94, s. 27(5).

S. 28 extended {prosp.) ...

repealed in part ... 47, s. 52, sch. 11

Part V.

21 & 22 Vict.:

c. 73 Stipendiary Magistrates S. 14 repealed {prosp.) ... 101, s. 46 (2),

Act 1858. sch. 7 Part m.

22*23 Vict:

c. 32 County and Borough S. 3 repealed 68, ss. 175, 176

Police Act 1859. (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 40 Royal Naval Reserve Applied 96, s. 11 (4).

(Volunteer) Act 1859. S. 4 excluded in part 96,s. 11 (3).

c. 65 Petty Sessional Divisions Repealed {prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

Act 1859. sch. 7 Part HI.

23 24 Vict.:

c. 18 Marriage (Society of Repealed (E.) 76, ss. 79 (1), 80

Friends) Act, 1860. (2), sch. 5 Part I.

c. 24 Marriage Confirmation Repealed 76, s. 79 (1),

Act 1860. sch. 5 Part I.

c. 27 Refreshment Houses Amended {prosp.) 47, s. 15 (1) (d).

Act, 1860. (6), (9).

S. 9 extended 59, s. 26.

S. 10 repealed in part with 47, s. 52, sch. 11

saving. Part II.

Ss. 18,32 amended 59, s. 26 (4).

c. 105 Prisons (Scotland) Act Applied as modified 94, s. 50 (4).

1860. (prosp.). Ss. 72-73 repealed {prosp.) 94,8.79, sch. 11.

S.75amended {prosp.)... 94, s. 55.

c. 106 Lands Clauses Consolida- Incorporated as modified 26, s. 3 (1).

tion Acts Amendment Incorporated in part as 94, s. 52 (3).

c. 127 Act 1860. Solicitors Act, 1860 modified (S.) {prosp.) Ss. 22, 34 repealed ... 21, s. 1(5), sch. 2.

74367 4 I*

xxx vin

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 21 Revenue (No. 1) Act, 1861 Repealed (retrosp.) 47, ss. 14, 52 (9),

(10), sch. 11 Parti.

c. 91 Revenue (No. 2) Act, 1861 S. 9 amended and re- 47, ss. 15 (4), 52

pealed in part with (9), (10), sch. 11

saving. Part n.

c. 92 Probate Duty Act, 1861 S. 1 repealed with saving 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

sch. 11 Part IV.

c. 110 Old Metal Dealers Act, S. 10 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

1861. (prosp.). sch. 7 Part 1H.

c. 121 Domicile Act, 1861 S. 4 repealed with saving 29, s. 8.

25 & 26 Vict.:

c. 54 Lunacy (Scotland) Act, Ss. 14, 15 applied in part 94, s. 23 (4).

c. 61 1862. Highways Act, 1862 ... (prosp.). S. 38 repealed (prosp.)... 101, s. 46 (2),

sch. 7 Part I.

c. 69 Harbours Transfer Act, S. 15 repealed (E. S.) ... 74, ss. 34 (5), 48,

1862. sch. 3.

c. 102 Metropolis Management S. 72 saved (special roads) 32, s. 22 (10).

Amendment Act, 1862.

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 29 Corrupt Practices Pre- Repealed 68, ss. 174 (2),

vention Act, 1863. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

c. 49 Duchy of Cornwall Man- S. 8 as amended extended 74, s. 11 (2) (d).

agement Act, 1863.

c. 87 Trustee Savings Banks S. 2 explained (expenses) 13, s. 7 (1).

Act, 1863. S. 6, para. 5 amended ... 13, s. 8.

S. 12 repealed with saving 13, s. 12.

S. 41 repealed in part 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

with saving. sch. 11 Part IV.

S. 42 repealed 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

sch. 11 Part V.

Ss. 51-54 repealed 13, s, 12,

c. 97 Stipendiary Magistrates Repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

Act, 1863. sch. 7 Part IH.

27 *28 Vict.:

c. 47 Penal Servitude Act, 1864 Repealed (S.) (prosp.) ... Ss. 6, 14 repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

c. 56 Revenue (No. 2) Act, 47, ss. 14, 52 (9)

1864. (retrosp.) (10), sch. 11 Part I.

c. 101 Highway Act, 1864 S. 21 restricted 97, s. 47 (2) (a).

28 29 Vict.:

c. 37 County of Sussex Act, Ss. 4-8, 11 repealed 101, s. 46 (2),

1865. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part HI.

c. Ill Navy and Marines (Prop- S. 15 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

erty of Deceased) Act, 1865. sch. 11 Part V.

c. 125 Dockyard Port Regula- Saved (Admiralty powers) 74, s. 47 (a).

tion Act, 1865.

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 11 National Debt Reduction S. 3 amended 47, s. 47 (5).

Act, 1866.

c. 43 Naval Savings Banks Act, Repealed 13, s. 15.

1866.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xxxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

Chapter of 1949

How affected

Act or number of Measure

29 & 30 Vict.: c. 51 ...

c.,62 ...

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866.

Crown Lands Act, 1866

S. 15 amended

applied

Ss. 7-15, 17-21 repealed

(prosp.)

S. 22 amended {prosp.)...

93, s. 27.

94, s. 3 (2).

74, ss. 39 (1), 48, sch. 3.

74, s. 39 (2).

30 & 31 Vict.: c. 3 ...

c. 5 ...

c. 90 ...

c. 102...

c. 115...

c. 124...

31 & 32 Vict.: c. 22 ...

c. 37 ...

c. 48 ...

c. 49 ...

c. 72 ... c. 89 ...

c. 100...

c. 119... c. 123... c. 124...

c. 125...

British North America Act, 1867.

Dog Licences Act, 1867 Revenue Act, 1867

Representation of the People Act, 1867. Justices of the Peace Act, 1867.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1867.

Applied as modified ...

S. 91 amended

S. 93 excluded and substituted as to Newfoundland.

S. 5 repealed in part with saving.

Ss. 1-6 repealed {retrosp.)

Act, except ss. 7 and 51, repealed.

S. 2 repealed in part ...

. Repealed {prosp.)

(prosp)

22, sch. para. 3. 81, s. 1.

22, sch. para. 17.

47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part III.

47, ss. 14, 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Parti.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part m.

Petty Sessions and Lockup House Act, 1868.

Documentary Evidence Act, 1868. Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.

Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868.

Promissory Oaths Act, 1868.

Inclosure, etc.. Expenses Act, 1868.

Court of Session Act, 1868.

Regulation of Railways Act, 1868.

Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1868.

Inland Revenue Act, 1868

Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868.

S. 3 repealed in part (prosp.) (definitions of "petty sessions" and " quarter sessions ").

Ss. 4-5, 8 in part, 10 in part, repealed, (prosp.)

Extended to Min. of Civil Aviation.

S. 23 repealed

101, s. 46 (2), > sch. 7 Part HI.

67, s. 5 (4).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

Repealed

Sch. 1 Part I extended to Min. of Civil Aviation. S. 2 repealed

S. 44 amended

repealed in part ... Ss. 45 in part, 49 repealed

S. 91 excluded

S. 21 repealed in part (E.)

(prosp.)

S. 34 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 9 repealed with saving

S. 2 repealed

S. 3 repealed

Ss. 4-10,11 in part, 12-14 repealed.

S. 15 repealed

Ss. 17-53 repealed

S. 56 repealed

Ss. 57,58 in part, repealed

68, ss. 174 (2), 175,176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

67, s. 2.

47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part V.

27, s. 29, sch. 1.

]»27, s. 35, sch. 3.

74, s. 29 (3) (7).

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part in.

101, s. 6.

47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part IV.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9. 90, s. 21, sch.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9. 90, s. 21, sch.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9. 90, s. 21, sch.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

74367

41*2

xl

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

32 & 33 Vict:

c. 18 Lands Clauses Consolida- Incorporated as modified 26, s. 3 (1).

tion Act, 1869.

c. 21 Corrupt Practices Com- Repealed 90, s. 21. ach.

mission Expenses Act, 1869.

c. 34 Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 1869. S. 2 repealed in part (prosp.) 101, ss. 31 (3), 46 (2), sch. 7

Part 111.

c. 49 Local Stamp Act, 1869... Repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

sch. 7 Part HI.

c. 53 Cinque Ports Act, 1869... Repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

sch. 7 Part III.

c. 62 Debtors Act, 1869 S. 10 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2X

(prosp.). sch. 7 Part II.

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 23 Forfeiture Act, 1870 ... S. 2 applied as modified... 44, s. 48 (5).

c. 32 Customs and Inland Repealed (ret/ osp.) 47, ss. 14, 52 (9).

Revenue Act, 1870. (10), sch. 11 Parti.

c. 71 National Debt Act, 1870 Ss. 54, 60-61 amended 47, ss. 47 (2), 52

and repealed in part. (9), (10), sch. 11 Part VII.

c. 77 Juries Act, 1870 S. 6 repealed in part ... 27, s. 35, sch. 2 Part III. 27, ss. 19 (2), 35, sch. 2 Part U. 27, s. 35, sch. 2

S. 16 repealed

S. 18 repealed

Part III.

Sch. repealed in part ... 21, s. 1(5), sch. 2.

c. 78 Tramways Act, 1870 ... S. 3 extended 26. s. 3 (3).

34 & 35 Vict.:

c. 28 British North America Applied as modified (Newfoundland). 22, s. 1, sch.

Act, 1871. para. 3.

c. 55 Criminal and Dangerous Applied as modified 94, s. 65 (2).

Lunatics (Scotland) (prosp.) (removal from

Amendment Act, 1871. institution).

c. 112 Prevention of Crimes Act, Ss. 3-5 repealed (S.) 94, s. 79, sch. 12

1871. (prosp.). S. 6 extended (S.) (prosp.) S. 8 repealed (S.) (prosp.) 94, s. 50 (6). 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 10 Marriage (Society of Repealed (E.) 76, s. 79 (1),

Friends) Act, 1872. sch. 5 Part I.

c. 24 Charitable Trustees In- S. 9 repealed 47, s. 52, sch. 11

corporation Act, 1872. Part V.

c. 26 Review of Justices* S. 2 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52(9), (10),

Decisions Act, 1872. sch. 11 Part V.

c. 33 Ballot Act, 1872 Repealed 68, ss. 174 (2),

175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 93 Pawnbrokers Act, 1872... Amended (prosp.) 47, s. 15 (1) (c).

(6). (9).

Ss. 33, 35 repealed in 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

part (E.) (prosp.).

S. 37 repealed in part 47, s. 52. sch. 11

with saving. S. 46 repealed in part Part II. 101, s. 46 (2),

(E.) (prosp.). sch, 7 Part HI. i

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xli

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

36 & 37 Vict.:

c. 9 Bastardy Laws Amend- S. 6 repealed(prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2).

ment Act, 1873. sch. 7 Part II.

c. 48 Regulation of Railways S. 5 repealed l

Act, 1873. Ss. 6 in part, 26 repealed (E. S.) >11, s. 8, sch.

Ss. 27, 30-32 repealed ... J

c. 72 Defence Acts Amendment Applicable to Min. of Civil Aviation. 67, s. 23 (8) (9).

Act, 1873.

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict.:

c. 45 County of Hertford and S. 6 repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

Liberty of St. Alban Act, 1874. sch. 7 Part HI.

c. 88 Births and Deaths Regis- Ss. 32,41, sch. 2 repealed 76, s. 79 (1), sch.

tration Act, 1874. in part. 5 Part I.

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict.:

c. 45 Sinking Fund Act, 1873 Ss. 4-5 extended 47, s. 46 (2).

c. 55 Public Health Act, 1873 S. 26 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) sch. 7 Part HI.

S. 150 saved 97, s. 50.

S. 234, repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

S. 258 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2), sch.

(prosp.) 7 Part I.

c. 83 Local Loans Act, 1873 ... Applicable by regulation 91, s. 9 (3).

c. 90 Employers and Workmen Ss. 8-9 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

Act, 1875. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part II.

39 & 40 Vict 40 Vict.: ...

c. 16 Customs and Inland Repealed with saving ... 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

Revenue Act, 1876. sch. 11 Part II.

c. 20 Statute Law Revision S. 1 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2)

(Substituted Enactments) Act, 1876. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part HI.

c. 53 Superannuation Act, 1876 Repealed 44, ss. 42 (6), 64,

sch. 3.

40 & 41 Vict.: /24, s. 3 (2). \48, s. 2 (2).

c. 2 Treasury Bills Act, 1877 S. 6 excluded

c. 43 Justices Clerics Act, 1877 Ss. 2-4, 5 in part, 6-7, 9 101, s. 46 (2)

repealed (prosp.) sch. 7 Part IH.

c. 53 Prisons (Scotland) Act, Applied as modified 94, s. 50 (4).

1877. (prosp.) Amended (prosp.) (references to rules). Ss. 6, 10 in part, 14, 15, 27 repealed (prosp.) S. 28 repealed in part (prosp.) S. 29 repealed (prosp.) ... S. 37 repealed (prosp.)... 94, s. 78 (7). 94, s. 79, sch. 12. 94, ss. 77, 79,

schs. 11, 12. 94, s. 79, sch. 12. 94, ss. 77, 79,

schs. 11, 12.

Ss. 44-47 repealed (prosp.) 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

Ss. 48-50, 52 repealed 94, ss. 77, 79,

(prosp.) schs. 11, 12.

Ss. 58,64 repealed (prosp.) S. 71. Definition of 94, s. 79, sch. 12. 94, s. 77, sch. 11.

" Burgh " amended (prosp.)

c. 68 Destructive Insects Act, S. 2 amended (E. S.) ... 37, s. 11.

1877.

xlii

Effect of Legislation

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 15 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1878. S. 16 repealed with saving S. 23 repealed in part (E.) iprosp.) 47, s. 52, sch. 11. Part VI. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

c. 43 Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878. S. 7 applied 76, s. 37 (1) (a).

c. 49 Weights and Measures Act, 1878. S. 57 repealed in part iprosp.) 101, sch. 7 Part III.

c. 52 Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878. Ss. 209-210, 212-213 applied as modified. 67, s. 65, sch. 10 Part I para. 5(1).

c. 76 Telegraph Act, 1878 ... S. 4 substituted with saving. applied as amended S. 5 repealed in part ... S. 7 applied in part as modified (special roads). ll,s.2(l), 6 (2). 11, s.2 (3). 11, ss. 2 (2), 8, sch. 32, s. 20 (2) (3).

c. 77 Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878. S. 24 restricted 97, s. 47 (2)

42 & 43 Vict 43 Vict.:

c. 11 Bankers* Books Evidence Act, 1879 S. 9. Definition of " banker " extended (Iron and Steel Corpn.). 72, s. 33, sch. 7, para. 28 (3).

c. 19 Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. S. 14 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part V.

c. 49 Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. S. 8 repealed in part iprosp.) S. 20 saved iprosp.) S. 29 repealed iprosp.) ... S. 30, repealed iprosp.) S. 48 repealed in part iprosp.) extended iprosp.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III. 101, s. 25 (6). 101, s. 46 (2). sch. 7 Parts II-UI. 1101, s. 46 (2), J sch. 7 Part III. 101, s. 19 (12).

c. 55 Prevention of Crime Act, 1879. Repealed (S.) iprosp ) ... 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

c. 75 Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1879. S. 2 repealed with saving 68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

43 Vict.:

c. 14 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1880. Ss. 11-13 repealed with saving. 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part IV.

43 & 44 Vict.:

c. 19 Taxes Management Act, 1880. S. 33 repealed with saving Ss. 36 in part, 37 in part, 61, 70, 83, 85 in part, 103 in part, 112, 114, sch. 2 in part, repealed with saving. 47, ss. 37 (9), 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part VI. 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part VI.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 12 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881. Ss. 41-43 repealed with saving. 47,8.52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part IV.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xliii

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

44 & 45 Vict:

c. 58 (as amended) Army Act Continued 28, s. 2 (1). 28, ss. 4, 5 (1).

S. 63 amended

S. 67A added 28, s. 6.

S. 88 repealed in part ... 96, s. 16, sch. 2.

S. 166 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.). sch. 7 Part III.

S. 176 amended 96, s. 16, sch. 1.

S. 190 repealed in part ... 96, s. 16, sch. 2.

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 48 Reserve Forces Act, 1882 Ss. 12,13 excluded in part S.7. Definition of " Muni- 96, s. 13 (3).

c. 50 Municipal Corporations 68, ss. 175, 176

Act 1882. cipal election " repealed (2), (3), sch. 9.

S. 45 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52, sch. 11

Part V.

Part IV (ss. 77-104), 68, ss. 175, 176

s. 124 repealed. (2), (3), sch. 9.

S. 157 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.). sch. 7 Part I.

S. 159 repealed in part 101, ss. 20 (7),

(prosp.). S. 160 repealed (prosp.)... 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III. 101, ss. 29 (12), 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI. 101, s. 39(1), (3). 101,s.39(3).

S. 161 repealed (prosp.)...

S. 163 amended (prosp. S. 165 amended (prosp.)... S. 168 amended (prosp.)...

101, s. 39 (2).

Ss. 221, 248 in part, re- 101, s. 46 (2),

pealed (prosp.). S. 254 applicable to Ministry of Civil Aviation. sch. 7 Part III. 67, s. 23 (8), (9).

Sch. 4 amended (prosp.)... 101, s. 39 (3).

Sch. 5 Part II para. 2 1 68, ss. 175, 176

repealed. Sch. 9 repealed in part ... I (2), (3), sch. 9. 72, s. 33, sch. 7,

c. 61 Bills of Exchange Act, S. 2. Definition of

1882. " Banker " extended para. 16(2).

(Iron and Steel Corporation).

72, s. 33, sch. 7,

S. 73 extended

para. 16(3).

c. 75 Married Women’s Property Act, 1882. S. 19 amended (E.) 78, s. l,sch 1.

46 & 47 Vict 47 Vict.:

c. 15 Lands Clauses (Umpire) Incorporated as modified 26, s. 3 (1).

Act, 1883.

c. 18 Municipal Corporations S. 6 repealed in part ... 68, ss. 175, 176

Act, 1883. S. 17 repealed in part (2), (3), sch. 9. 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.). S. 3 repealed in part ... sch. 7 Part in.

c. 47 Provident Nominations 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

and Small Intestacies sch. 11, Part V.

Act, 1883. S. 10 repealed in part 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

with saving. sch. 11 Part IV.

c. 51 Corrupt and Illegal Prac- Act, except s. 42, repealed 68, s. 175, sch. 9.

tices Prevention Act, 90, s. 21, sch.

1883. S. 42 repealed in part ... 68, s. 175, 176

(2), (3), sch. 9.

xliv

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 43 Summary Jurisdiction S. 8 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

Act, 1884. (prosp.). sch. 7 Part III.

S. 12 repealed ... 101, s. 46 (2),

sch. 7, Part n.

c. 55 Pensions and Yeomanry S. 5 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

Pay Act, 1884. sch. 11 Part V.

c. 70 Municipal Elections Act, except s. 35 in part 68, ss. 175, 176

(Corrupt aqd Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. repealed. (2), (3), sch. 9.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 51 Customs and Inland Ss. 11-13,17,19amended 47, s. 30.

Revenue Act, 1885.

c. 56 Parliamentary Elections Repealed 68, ss. 175, 176

Corrupt Practices Act, 1885. (2), (3), sch. 9.

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 3 ... Marriages Validity Act, Repealed 76, s. 79 (1),

1886. sch. 5 Part I.

c. 14 Marriage Act, 1886 Repealed 76. s. 79 (1),

sch. 5 Part I.

c. 35 British North America Applied as modified 22, s. 1, sch.

Act, 1886. (Newfoundland). para. 3.

c. 49 Peterhead Harbour of S. 23 repealed in part 94, s. 53(7).

Refuge Act, 1886. (prosp.).

c. 50 Removal Terms (Scot- S. 6 applied 75, s. 24 (4).

land) Act, 1886.

50 & 51 Vict 51 Vict.:

c. 16 National Debt and Local Applied 82, s. 1 (2).

Loans Act, 1887. S. 15 applied so far as 82, s. 3.

applicable.

c. 35 Criminal Procedure Ss. 19, 27 repealed in 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

(Scotland) Act, 1887. part (prosp.) S. 28 amended (prosp.) 94, s. 40 (6).

S. 29 repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

(prosp.) amended (prosp.) 94, s. 40 (6).

S. 31 repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

(prosp.) S. 38 repealed in part ... 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

S. 39 amended 27, s. 29, sch. 1.

S. 59 amended (prosp.) 94, s. 38.

S. 63 amended (prosp.) 94, s. 77, sch. 11.

repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

(prosp.)

Ss. 64-65 repealed in 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

part (prosp.) S. 66 applied (prosp.) ... 94, s. 39 (1) (/).

repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

(prosp.)

Sch. A repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

(prosp.)

c. 55 Sheriffs Act, 1887 Ss. 7, 17, 23 and 30 101, s. 10 (7).

modified (sheriffs and under-sheriffs) (prosp.) sch. 2 para. 11.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xlv

Session and

Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

50 & 51 Vict: c. 67 ...

Superannuation Act 1887

S. 1 repealed

S. 4 repealed

44, ss. 41 (9), 64, sch. 3.

44, ss. 39 (6), 64, sch. 3.

c. 71

... Coroners Act, 1887

S. 7 applied in part S. 25 restricted ... Ss. 26-27 applied

... 44,s.48(5).

... 27, s. 10 (1).

... 27, s. 10 (2).

51 & 52 Vict. c.8 ...

c. 25 ...

c. 27 ... c. 33 ...

c. 36 ... c. 41 ...

Customs and Inland Revenue Act 1888.

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1888. Hawkers Act, 1888

Bail (Scotland) Act, 1888

Local Government Act, 1888.

S. 9 repealed in part ...

Ss. 21-22 repealed with saving.

Ss. 2-5, 12 in part

repealed.

Ss. 17-18 repealed (E. S.) Ss. 19-22, 50-51 repealed S. 2 repealed in pak ...

Amended

S. 3 repealed in part with saving.

Ss. 5-7 applied as modified (prosp.)

Ss. 3, 30, 38 repealed in part {prosp.)

S. 42 extended {prosp.)... repealed in part {prosp.)

Ss. 48, 64 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 66 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 75 repealed

Ss. 83 in part, 84 repealed (prosp.)

S. 92 repealed in part ...

S. 100 extended (interpretation of costs of assizes and quarter sessions).

S. 117 repealed in part (prosp.)

Sch. 1 repealed in part (retrosp.)

repealed in part with saving.

47,s.52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Parti.

47, s.52(9), (10), sch. 11 Part IV,

>11, s. 8, sch.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

47, s. 15 (1) (a), (6), (9).

47, ss. 15 (3), 52, sch. 11 Part II.

94, s. 45.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part IQ. 101, s. 39 (1).

I 101, s. 46 (2), > sch. 7 Part I HI.

101, ss. 25 (5), 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part IH.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9. 27, s. 9.

101, s 46 (2), sch. 7 Part IQ. 47, ss. 14, 52, sch. 11 Part I. 47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part II.

52 & 53 Vict.: c. 7 ...

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1889.

Ss. 6, 7 in part, 10 repealed with saving.

S. 13 repealed in part ...

47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Par(t IV 47, s. 52 (9), 10),. sch. 11 Part V.

xlvi

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

52 & 53 Vict.:

c. 49 Arbitration Act, 1889 ... Excluded Applied as modified (E.) Applied Excluded Applied in part as modified (E.) Excluded (patents disputes). Excluded says as applied (National Health Service). S. 12 applied as modified 39, s. 8 (2). 54, s. 9, sch. 2 para. 3 (1). 69, s. 17 (8). 72, s. 42 (2). 72, s. 44 (2). 87, s. 67 (4). 93, s. 7 (8). 38, s. 8 (1).

c. 57 Regulation of Railways Act, 1889. S. 2 repealed in part ... 11, s. 8, sch.

c. 63 Interpretation Act, 1889 S. 38 saved excluded in part ... 30, s. 18 (7). 36, s. 9 (2).

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 5 Lunacy Act, 1890 S. 10 repealed in part (prosp.) S. 148 amended Ss. 216, 217 repealed in part. S. 285 repealed S. 326 repealed in part (prosp.) S. 335 applied 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI. 100, s. 8. 47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part V. 93, s. 25 (2). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part IH. 44, s. 48 (5).

c. 8 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1890. S. 8 applied in part applied in part (re-trosp.) S. 9 repealed in part trosp.) 47, s. 4 (3), (5), 52 (9). 58, s. 2 (2), (4). 47, ss. 14, 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Parti.

c. 39 Partnership Act, 1890 ... S. 35 amended as to medical partnerships. 93, s.7(4).

c. 55 Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890. Repealed 68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 59 Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890. S. 51 explained in part (prosp.) 101, s. 41 (5) (a).

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 21 Savings Banks Act, 1891 S. 10 saved in part S. 10 repealed in part ... 13, s.3 (1) proviso. 13, s. 3 (1).

c. 24 Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891. S. 2 extended 48, s. 3, sch. (B).

c. 39 Stamp Act, 1891 Ss. 18-19, 24, 27, 40, 42 repealed. Ss. 43,45-48 repealed ... Ss. 49 in part, 50-51, 61 in part, 63-68, 79-80, 87 in part, 90 repealed. S. 97 restricted Ss. 110, 111 in part, repealed. Sch. 1 amended repealed in part... 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part V. 21, s. 1 (1), (5), sch. 2. 47, s. 52(9), (10), sch. 11 Part V. 47, ss. 35 (3), 52(9). 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part V. 47, ss. 35,52(9), sch. 8. 21, s. 1 (1), (5). sch. 2; 47, ss, 35,52 (9), (10). sch. 11 Part V.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xlvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 43 Forged Transfers Act, 1891. S. 1 applied in part 72, s. 33, sch. 7, para. 28 (2).

c. 49 Returning Officers (Scotland) Act, 1891. Repealed 68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 52 Public Health (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1891. Repealed 31, s. 39, sch. 2 Parti.

c. 66 Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891. Modified 67, s. 33 (5) (a).

c. 69 Penal Servitude Act, 1891 Ss. 1 in part, 2-6, repealed (S.) (prosp.) S. 8 extended (S.) {prosp.) S. 10 repealed (S.) (prosp.) 94, s. 79, sch. 12. 94, s. 50 (6). 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 43 Military Lands Act, 1892 Applied as modified ... Part 11 (ss. 14-18) applicable to Min. of Civil Aviation. 67, s. 23 (1), (2). 67, s. 23 (8), (9).

c. 57 Private Street Works Act, 1892. Saved 97, s. 50.

56 & 57 Vict.:

c. 22 Appeal (Forma Pauperis) Act, 1893. Repealed (prosp.) 51, s. 17(3); 63, s. 17 (5), sch. 8 Parti.

c. 29 Railway Regulation Act, 1893. S. 1 repealed in part ... 11, s. 8, sch.

c. 38 Conveyance of Mails Act, 1893. S. 4 repealed 11, s. 8, sch.

c. 61 Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893. Excluded (Iron and Steel Corpn.). 72, s. 10 (1).

c. 63 Married Women’s Property Act, 1893. S. 2 repealed (E.) 78, s. 1, sch. 2.

c. 66 57 & 58 Vict.: Rules Publication Act, 1893. S. 1 excluded (N.I.) ... 68, s. 160 (4); 90, s. 15 (5).

c. 13 Arbitration (Scotland) Act, 1894. Excluded 75, s. 75 (1).

c. 28 Notice of Accidents Act, 1894. S. 3 applicable by regulations. 67, s. 10 (2) (6).

c. 30 Finance Act, 1894 S. 2 modified in part ... repealed in part with saving S. 5 repealed in part with saving S. 9 extended Ss. 13 in part, 15 in part, 18, sch. 1 paras. 3, 4 in part, 5, repealed with saving. 47, ss. 28 (2), 33 (1), 52 (9). '147, ss. 28 (2), I (3)» 52 (9), f (10), sch. 11 J Part IV. 47, ss. 28 (3), 52 (9). 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part IV.

c. 54 Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894. S. 2 repealed 11, s. 8, sch.

c. 57 Diseases of Animals Act, S. 57 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2),

1894. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part III.

c. 58 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894. S. 45 saved 31, s. 9 (5).

xlviii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

57 & 58 Vict.: c. 60 ...

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

Ss. 64,77,83,97 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 108 repealed in part...

Ss. 125, 126, repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 176 extended in part...

S. 210 repealed in part (prosp.)

Ss. 214, 232 repealed in part (E). (prosp.)

Ss. 242,256 applicable by rules (prosp.)

S. 258 extended (prosp.)...

S. 267 repealed in part (prosp.)

amended (prosp.)...

S. 272 amended (prosp.) repealed in part (prosp.) applied in part (prosp.)

S. 273 applied (prosp.) ...

S. 274 extended (prosp.)...

S. 275 applied (prosp.) ...

S. 276 applied (prosp.) ...

S. 277 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 279 - 282 applied (prosp.)

S. 287 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.)

S. 290 excluded in part (prosp.)

Ss. 306, 360 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 376 repealed in part (E.)

S. 395 repealed in part...

Part V (ss. 418-463) extended (prosp.)

Ss. 418-419 applied as modified.

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part V.

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

29, s. 5 (1).

43, s. 37 sch. 3.

101, s. 46 sch. 7 Part III.

43, s. 3 (5).

(5),

(2),

43, s. 18 (5).

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

43, s. 26 (1).

43, s. 35 (5).

43, ss. 13 (1), 37 (5), sch. 3.

43, s. 13 (2).

43, s. 15 (1).

43, s. 13 (2).

.43, s. 13 (8).

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

43, s. 13 (8).

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

43, s. 16 (1).

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part m.

47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part V.

43, ss. 23 (3), (4). 24 (1), (2).

67, s. 52 (1).

S. 420 excluded (prosp.)... repealed in part (prosp.)

Ss. 421, 424 applied as modified.

S. 427 substituted (prosp.)

Ss. 435, 452-456 repealed (prosp.)

S. 460 applied in part (prosp.)

S. 521 extended in part

Ss. 567, 695 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 699 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.)

S. 716 extended in part (prosp.)

43, s. 16 (1), (2)

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

67, s. 52 (1).

43, s. 2 (1).

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

43, s. 35 (2).

29, s. 5 (2)

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part in.

43, s. 33 (4).

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xlix

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 60 Merchant Shipping Act, S. 724 amended (prosp.) 43, ss. 4, 35 (1).

1894—com. Schs. 3,4,6 in part, 9,16, 43, s. 37 (5),

18, 20 in part, repealed {prosp.) sch. 3.

58 & 59 Vict 59 Vict :

c. 14 Courts of Law Fees (Scot- Applied (Scottish Appeal 87, s. 86 (3).

land) Act, 1895. Tribunal).

c. 16 Finance Act, 1895 S. 12 restricted 47, s. 36 (4)

52 (9).

excluded 91, s. 33 (2).

c. 36 Fatal Accidents Inquiry S. 4 amended 27, s. 29, sch. 1.

(Scotland) Act, 1895. repealed in part ... 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

c. 39 Summary Jurisdiction S. 4 amended 99, ss. 1 (2), 6.

(Married Women) Act, S. 5 extended 99, s. 5.

1895. extended in part {prosp.) 101, s. 21 (6).

amended S. 7 amended }99, s. 1 (1).

c. 40 Corrupt and Illegal Repealed 68, ss. 174 (2),

Practices Prevention 175,176 (2) (3),

Act, 1895. sch. 9.

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 25 Friendly Societies Act, S. 57 repealed in part 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

1896. with saving. sch. 11 Part IV.

c. 28 Finance Act, 1896 S. 31 repealed with saving 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

sch. 11 Part V.

S. 32 amended 47, ss. 41, 52 (9).

repealed in part

with saving. l47,s. 52 (9) (10),

Ss. 35 repealed in part f sch. 11 Part

with saving. J VI.

c. 30 Conciliation Act, 1896 ... Applied 93, s. 13 (1) (a).

c. 55 Quarter Sessions (London) S. 2 amended {prosp.) ... 101, s. 39 (4).

Act, 1896.

60 & 61 Vict.:

c. 26 Metropolitan Police Ss. 1 in part, 6, 7 in part. 101, s. 46 (2),

Courts Act, 1897. repealed (prosp.) sch. 7 Pt. III.

c. 56 Metropolis Water Act, Ss. 1, 4 repealed 11, s. 8, sch.

1897.

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 6 Special Juries Act, 1898 Repealed 27, ss. 21, 35, sch. 2 Part III.

c. 9 Reserve Forces and Repealed 96, ss. 12, 16, sch. 2.

Militia Act, 1898.

c. 10 Finance Act, 1898 S. 12 repealed in part 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

with saving. sch. 11 Part VI.

c. 31 Metropolitan Police Repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

Courts Act, 1898. sch. 7 Part III.

c. 37 Local Government (Ire- S. 99 repealed in part ... 68, ss. 174 (2),

land) Act, 1898. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 44 Merchant Shipping (Mer- S. 3 in part, Sch. 1 43, s. 37 (5),

cantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898. repealed (prosp.) sch. 3.

c. 58 Marriage Act, 1898 Repealed 76, s. 79 (1),

1 sch. 5 Part I.

1

Effect of Legislation

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 9 Finance Act, 1899 S. 8 excluded S. 9 repealed 91, s. 27 (2) (b). 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

sch. 11 Part V.

c. 14 London Government Act, S. 6 applied in part 32, s. 22 (4).

1899. (special roads).

c. 27 Marriages Validity Act, Repealed (E.) 76, ss. 79 (1),

1899. 80 (2), sch. 5 Parti.

c. 44 Small Dwellings Acquisi- S. 1 amended (E.) 60, s. 44 (1).

tion Act, 1899. amended (S.) ... 61, s. 39.

63 & 64 Vict.:

c. 27 Railway Employment S. 12 repealed 11, s. 8, sch.

(Prevention of Accidents) Act, 1900.

2 Edw. 7:

c. 8 Cremation Act, 1902 ... S. 7 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52, sch. 11

Part V.

c. 17 Midwives Act, 1902 S. 5 amended 93, s. 29 (1), sch.

Parti.

c. 28 Licensing Act, 1902 ... S. 5 extended 99, ss. 4, 5.

extended in part 101, s. 21 (6).

(prosp.)

3 Edw. 7:

c. 25 Licensing (Scotland) Act, S. 8 extended in part 59, s. 15 (2).

c. 33 1903. Burgh Police (Scotland) (prosp.) S. 45 applied 31, s. 20 (2) (r).

Act, 1903.

4 Edw. 7 :

c. 8 Savings Banks Act, 1904 S. 2 repealed in part ... 13, s. 7 (2).

c. 19 Railways (Private Sidings) S. 3 repealed 11, s. 8, sch.

Act, 1904.

c. 24 Wireless Telegraphy Act, Continued (temp.) 54, s. 18.

1904.

c. 28 Weights and Measures S. 13 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

Act, 1904. (prosp.)

c. 35 Prisons (Scotland) Act, Applied as modified 94, s. 50 (4).

1904. (prosp.)

5 Edw. 7:

c. 4 Finance Act, 1905 S. 5 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

sch. 11 Part V.

6 Edw. 7:

c. 16 Justices of the Peace Act, S. 2 repealed (prosp.) ... 101, s. 46 (2). (3)

1906. S. 3 restricted (S.) Ss. 5, 6 in part, repealed (c), sch. 7 Part I. 101, s. 9 (ii). 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) (3) (c), sch. 7 Part I.

c. 20 Revenue Act, 1906 S. 9 repealed 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

sch. 11 Part V.

c. 28 Crown Lands Act, 1906 Ss. 2, 3 in part, 10 in 74, s. 48, sch. 3.

part, repealed (prosp.)

c. 32 Dogs Act, 1906 S. 5 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) sch. 7 Part II.

amended (E.) (prosp.) 101, s. 15 (7).

c. 46 Recorders, Stipendiary Amended (prosp.) 101, s. 39 (3).

Magistrates, and Clerks S. 1 amended (prosp.) ... 101, s. 35 (2).

of the Peace Act, 1906. saved in part (prosp.) 101, s. 35 (1)

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

li

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

6 Edw. 7:

c. 48 Merchant Shipping Act, Ss. 3-4 repealed 43, s. 37 (5), sch.

1906. 3.

... S. 9 amended {prosp.) S. 11 repealed (pros... 43, s. 2 (3). 43, s. 37 (5),

sch. 3.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 9 Territorial and Reserve Part I (ss. 1-5) extended 96, s. 1 (1).

Forces Act, 1907. S. 1 extended and amended. repealed in part ... 96, ss. 1 (2) (3) (5)f 2. 96, ss. 2 (2) (3)

(5), 16, sch. 2.

S. 2 amended 96, s. 3(1) (3) (6).

extended in part ... 96, s. 3 (6).

repealed in part ... 96, ss. 3 (6), 16,

sch. 2.

S. 3 applied in part as 96, s. 3 (4) (5).

modified, amended 96, s. 3 (5). 96, s. 16, sch. 1.

S. 7 amended

S. 9 repealed in part ... 96, ss. 4 (a), 16,

sch. 2.

amended S. 13 excluded S. 20 applied S. 24 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.) S. 32 repealed 96, s. 4 (b). 96, s. 5 (2). 96, s. 6 (2). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III. 96, ss. 12, 16,

sch. 2.

S. 39 extended in part ... 96, s. 1 (4).

excluded in part ... 96, s. 1 (5) (b).

S. 40 substituted in part 96, s. 16, sch. 1.

c. 11 British North America Applied as modified (Newfoundland). 22, s. 1. sch.

Act, 1907. para. 3.

c. 13 Finance Act, 1907 S. 9 repealed 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

sch. 11 Part V.

c. 17 Probation of Offenders Repealed (S.) (prosp.) ... 94, s. 79, sch. 12

Act, 1907.

c. 23 Criminal Appeal Act, S. 10 extended (prosp.)... S. 13 amended (prosp.)... 51, ss. 18 (1) (3).

1907. 51, s. 21.

c. 29 Patents and Designs Act, Act, except ss. 47, 62 87, s. 106, schs.

1907. in part 63-64 and in 2-3; 88, s. 48,

part 82, 88, 91, 91A, repealed with saving. sch. 2.

S. 82 substituted ?nd

repealed except as to trade marks.

S. 88 amended and re-

pealed except in its 62, s. 51, sch. 1;

application to O. in C. , 87, s. 106,

under s. 91A. sch. 2; 88,

S. 91 repealed except as to trade marks. s. 48, sch. 2.

S. 91A amended and

repealed except as to trade marks.

c. 47 Deceased Wife’s Sister’s Repealed (E.) with saving 76, ss. 79 (1) (9),

Marriage Act, 1907. 80 (2), sch. 5 Parti.

lii

Effect of Legislation

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

7 Edw. 7: c. 51 ...

... Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907.

Applied as modified (re-movings).

S. 21 repealed in part ...

S. 33 repealed

S. 51 repealed

75, s. 24 (3) (4).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9. 27, s. 35, sch. 3. 63, s. 17 (5), sch. 8 Part I.

Sch. 1 rule 133 substituted rule 135 amended rules 152-169 repealed (prosp.)

j-27, s. 29, sch. I.

63, s. 17 (5), sch. 8 Part I.

8 Edw. 7: c. 15 ...

c. 26 ...

c. 33 ... c. 36 ...

c. 44 ...

c. 48 ... c. 59 ...

c. 65 ...

c. 66 ...

... Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1908.

... Naval Marriages Act, 1908.

... Telegraph (Construction) Act, 1908.

... Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908.

... Commons Act, 1908 ...

... Post Office Act, 1908 ...

... Prevention of Crime Act, 1908.

... Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908.

... Public Meeting Act, 1908

S. 1 saved in part (prosp.) S. 5 amended (prosp.) ... S. 6 repealed in part ...

Repealed (E.)

S. 6 repealed

Sch. 1 para. (5) amended

Sch. 1 para. (6) repealed

S.l repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 76 extended

Repealed (S.) (prosp.)

S. 5 extended (prosp.) ...

S. 7 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 9 applied (prosp.) ...

Ss. 11-12 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 18 repealed in part

(prosp.)

S. 26 excluded in part (prosp).

excluded (prosp.)

S. 34 repealed in part

(prosp.)

amended (prosp.)

S. 43 repealed in part

(prosp.)

S. 53 extended (prosp.) ...

Ss. 65-67 substituted

(prosp.)

S. 73 amended (prosp.)

S. 77 amended (prosp.) ... repealed in part (prosp.)

Sch. B repealed in part (prosp.)

Sch. C repealed in part (prosp.)

Sch. E repealed in part (prosp.)

Repealed in part

S. 1 repealed in part ...

51, s. 23 (3). 51,8.21.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9. 76, ss. 79 (1), 80 (2), sch. 5 Part 1.

11, s. 8, sch.

\42, s. 10 (4), / sch. 2.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part IH. 54, s. 14 (5).

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

94, s. 38.

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

94, ss. 23 (5), 24 (3), 70 (1). 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

94, s. 46 (1).

94, s. 42 (2).

63, s. 15 (3).

94, s. 46 (2).

94,s.77, sch. 11. 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

94, s. 47.

94, s. 34.

94, ss. 36, 79, sch. 12.

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

94, ss. 46 (1), 79, sch. 12.

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

\ 68, ss. 174(2), V 175,176 (2) (3), I sch. 9.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

liii

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

9Edw. 7. c. 10 ... Superannuation Act, 1909 S. 1 amended repealed in part ... 44, s. 14 (1) (2). 44, ss. 37, 64,

sch. 3.

S. 2 amended repealed in part ... 44, ss. 14 (1) (2), 31 (1) (2). 44, ss. 37, 64,

sch. 3.

S. 5 repealed 44, s. 64, sch. 3.

c. 20 Telegraph (Arbitration) S. 1 amended 11, s. 2 (5).

Act, 1909. S. 2 repealed 11, s. 8, sch.

c. 27 Prisons (Scotland) Act, Repealed (prosp.) 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

1909.

c. 37 Motor Car (International Extended in part (E.S.)... 89, s. 16 (3).

Circulation) Act, 1909.

c. 47 Development and Road Part II (ss. 8-17) extended 32, s. 7 (3).

Improvement Funds (E.S.) (special roads).

Act, 1909. S. 10 saved (E.) (special 32, s. 9 (3).

roads), restricted in part (Lon- 32, s. 22 (8).

don) (special roads).

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5. c. 8 Finance (1909-10) Act, Ss. 33 in part, 34 repealed 42, s. 10 (4),

1910. (E. S.) sch. 2.

Ss. 56 in part, 58 repealed with saving. S. 59 saved in part 47, s. 52 (9) (10), Sch. 11 Part IV. 47, ss. 33 (3),

52 (9).

S. 61 repealed in part 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

with saving. Sch. 11 Part IV.

S. 73 amended 47, ss. 36 (2) (3),

52 (9).

c. 24 Licensing (Consolidation) Amended (prosp.) 59, ss. 9-14, 17.

Act, 1910 Amended 59, s. 38. '59, s. 41, sch. 4

Ss. 2-3 repealed in part (prosp.) Part 11. 101, ss. 12 (1), 46 (2), sch. 7

1 Part III.

S. 3 applied as modified 59, s. 12 (1).

(prosp.)

S. 4 applied (prosp.) 101, s. 12 (4).

S. 5 repealed in part 59, s. 41, sch. 4

! (prosp.) amended (prosp.) Part II. 59, s. 9 (2).

S. 6 repealed (prosp.) 59, s. 41, sch. 4

Part II.

S. 8 repealed (prosp.) 59, ss. 14, 41,

sch. 4 Part II.

S. 13 repealed in part 59, ss. 11 (8), 41,

(prosp.) sch. 4 Part 11.

i Ss. 16-19 applied S. 24 excluded 59, s. 28 (2). 59, s. 3 (2) (b).

j S. 26 amended 59, s. 29.

1 S. 29 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

j (prosp.) sch. 7 Part III.

liv

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Act or number of Measure

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5. c. 24 Licensing (Consolidation) S. 40 amended (prosp.)... 59, s. 16.

Act, 1910—cont. repealed in part 59, s. 41, sch. 4

(prosp.) Part II.

applied (prosp... 101, s. 12 (2).

S. 43 amended (prosp.)... S. 49 extended (prosp.) ... S. 81 applied S. 104 repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 41. 101, s. 19 (13). 59, s. 19 (2). 101, s. 46 (2)

sch. 7 Part HI.

S. 105 applied 59, s. 25 (3).

repealed in part *1

(prosp.) S. 110 repealed in part I 101, s. 46 (2). f sch. 7 Part III.

(prosp.) J

S. Ill restricted in part 59, s. 28 (1).

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c.2 Revenue Act, 1911 S. 7 repealed (E. S.) ... 42, s. 10 (4),

c. 7 Municipal Elections sch. 2.

(Corrupt and Illegal Repealed 68, ss. 175, 176

Practices) Act, 1911. (2) (3), sch. 9.

c. 13 Parliament Act, 1911 ... S. 2 amended (retrosp.)... 103, s. 1.

c. 26 Telephone Transfer Act, S. 4 amended 103, s. 2 (2).

1911. S. 5 extended 39, s. 5 (4).

c. 39 Telegraph (Construction)

, Act, 1911. S. 3 repealed 11, s. 8, sch.

c. 49 Small Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1911. 75, s. 73.

Applied as modified

(Land Court provisions).

c. 50 Coal Mines Act, 1911 ... S. 4 extended in part ... 30, s. 13.

S. 86 extended in part... 53, ss. 9, 10.

c. 57 Maritime Conventions amended (retrosp.) 53, s. 11 (1) (2).

Act, 1911. S. 6 saved (prosp.) 43, s. 22 (8).

2 & 3 Geo. 5:

c. 3 Shops Act, 1912 S. 14 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2),

c. 28 Sheriff Courts (Scotland) (prosp.) sch. 7 Part III.

Act, 1913. Sch. 1 repealed in part... 68, ss. 175, 176

(2) (3), sch. 9.

3 & 4 Geo. 5:

c. 20 Bankruptcy (Scotland)

Act, 1913. S. 189 repealed in part 47, s. 52, sch. 11

c. 27 Forgery Act, 1913 Part V.

S. 2 extended in part 72, s. 33, sch. 7

(British Iron and Steel Stock). para. 28 (1).

Ss. 5, 8 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

c. 28 Mental Deficiency Act, 1913. (E.) (prosp.) S. 11 amended sch. 7 Part HI. 93, s. 26 (1).

S. 44 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

c. 31 Industrial and Provident (prosp.) sch. 7 Part H.

Societies (Amendment) S. 6 repealed in part with 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

Act, 1913. 1 saving. sch. 11 Part IV.

A.D. 1949 Effect of Legislation lv

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

3 & 4 Geo. 5: c. 38 ...

Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

Excluded in part (prosp.) S. 2 amended

94, s. 27 (5).

19, s. 5, sch. Part II.

S. 3 amended

19, s. 5, sch.

Part II.

amended (prosp.)

S. 3 amended (prosp!)

S. 9 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 10 substituted (prosp.) S. 16 excluded in part (prosp.)

S. 17 amended (prosp

S. 23 repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 31 extended (prosp

Ss. 33-34 amended (prosp.)

S. 39 amended

S. 76. Definition of suitable provision " added.

\ 94, s. 77, sch.

/ 11.

94, ss. 24 (6), 79, sch. 12.

94, s. 25.

94, s. 65 (2).

94, s. 77, sch. 11. 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

94, s. 27 (5).

94, s. 77, sch. 11. 93, s. 27.

19, s. 5, sch. Part II.

4 & 5 Geo. 5: c. 6 ...

Affiliation Orders Act, S. 1 amended (prosp.) ... 1914. repealed in part

(prosp.)

S. 6 repealed (prosp.) ...

101, s. 21.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part II.

c. 10 ... c. 47 ... c. 58 ...

c. 59 ...

... Finance Act, 1914

... Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914.

... Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914.

... Bankruptcy Act, 1914 ...

S. 13 repealed in part with saving.

Ss. 2, 5 repealed in part

47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part IV.

47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part V.

S. 3 repealed in part (E.)

(prosp.)

S. 4 amended (S.) (prosp.) S. 5 amended (E.)

amended (E.) (prosp.) repealed in part (E.) (prosp.)

Ss. 7-9, 11, 26 repealed (S.) (prosp.)

S. 30 amended (E.) (prosp.)

repealed in part (E.) (prosp.)

S. 34 repealed (E.) (prosp.)

S. 40 repealed in part (E.)

(prosp.)

S. 42 repealed in part (S.) (prosp.)

S. 52 repealed

S. 148 repealed in part...

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part II.

94, s. 77, sch. 11.

76, s. 76 (4).

101, s. 27 (1).

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

101, s. 21 (1) (4) (5).

101, ss. 21 (8), 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part m.

101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part II.

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

78, s. 1, sch. 2. 47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part V.

c. 86 ...

... Superannuation Act, 1914

S. 3 repealed

... 44, ss. 39 (6), 64,

sch. 3.

lvi

Effect of Legislation

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 45 British North America Applied as modified (Newfoundland). 22, s. 1, sch.

Act, 1915. para. 3.

c. 74 Police Magistrates (Superannuation) Act, 1915. S. 1 extended(prosp.) ... 101, s. 33 (13).

c. 89 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915 S. 46 repealed with saving 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part IV.

c. 91 Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915. S. 22 amended 93, s. 29 (2) (4).

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916. S. 1 excluded (retrosp.) (E.S.) S. 3 applied in part ... 47, s. 10. 47, ss. 7 (3) (4), 52(9).

c. 40 Telegraph (Construction) Act, 1916. S. 3 repealed in part ... 11, s. 8, sch.

c. 63 Defence of the Realm S. 5 saved 67, s. 23 (5).

(Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916. S. 8 repealed 11, s. 8, sch.

7 &8 Geo. 5:

c. 31 Finance Act, 1917 S. 29 repealed in part, with saving. 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11, Part IV.

c. 51 Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. S. 6 extended in part ... 96, ss. 7 (1), 14.

— Air Force Act (as Continued 28, s. 2 (1).

amended). S. 63 amended S. 67a added S. 88 repealed in part ... S. 166 repealed in part {prosp.) S. 176 amended 28, ss. 4, 5 (2). 28, s, 6. 96, s. 16, sch. 2. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III. 96, s. 16, sch. 1.

c. 64 Representation of the People Act, 1918. Sch. 6 repealed in part... 68, ss. 175, 179 (2) (3), sch. 9.

8 &9 Geo. 5:

c. 4 Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1918. S. 2 applied in part 13, s. 6 (3).

c. 40 Income Tax Act, 1918 ... i S. 32 excluded S. 33 restricted (war damage). S. 217 repealed in part Sch. 1 excluded in part... extended in part Rule 8 of No. V of Schedule A restricted (War 44, s. 49. 36, s. 28 (2) (a). 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part V. 47, s. 23(1) (2). 47, s. 25 (1). 36, s- 28 (2) (6).

c. 43 Midwives Act, 1918 Damage). S. 2 amended S. 14 amended 93, s. 29 (1), sch. Parti. 93, s. 29 (2).

A.D. 1949 Effect of Legislation

lvii

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

9 & 10 Geo. 5:

c. 13 ...

c. 38 ... c. 57 ...

Local Elections (Expenses) Act, 1919.

Merchant Shipping (Wireless Telegraphy) Act, 1919.

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919.

c. 67 ... c. 69 ... c. 72 ... c. 80 ... c. 92 ...

Superannuation (Prison Officers) Act, 1919 ...

Industrial Courts Act, 1919.

Rats and Mice (Destruction) Act, 1919.

Patents and Designs Act, 1919.

Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919.

Repealed

Repealed (prosp.)

Applied as modified ...

Applied (temp.) as modified (S.) applied as modified (E.S.)

(special roads).

Applied (E.S.) (Nature Conservancy).

Applied as modified (E.) Applied as modified (S.) Applied as modified (E.S.) S. 1 amended (E.S.) (prosp.) repealed in part (E.S.)

S. 2 repealed in part (E.S.)

applied in part (E.S.) S. 3 amended (E.S.) (prosp.)

repealed in part (E.S.) with saving S. 4 amended (E.S.)

(prosp.)

S. 5 amended (E.S.) (prosp.) applied in part as modified, repealed in part (E.S.)

applied as modified (E.S.)

S. 6 repealed (E.S.) with saving.

S. 8 repealed (E.S.)

S. 9 amended (E.S.)

(prosp.)

Repealed with saving ...

Applied

Ss. 2-3 extended in part Repealed 31.3.50

Repealed

S. 1 continued until 31.12.50.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

43, s. 37 (5), Sch. 3.

11, s. 3 (1); 67, ss. 9 (3), 24 (6), 25 (3), 26 (6), 30, 65 (3) (4), 68 (l).schs.

1 para. 9, 2. para. 5,3 para. 9, 10 paras. 1 and 2; 91,

s.26(5H8).

59, s. 5 (5); 74, s. 24 (4).

32, s. 13 (1).

97, s. 103 (3).

97, s. 107 (3) (4).

97, s. 107 (6).

74, s. 27 (3).

42, s. 1 (3) (a).

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

74, s. 24 (2).

42,s. 3 (7), sch. 1 Part 1.

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

42, s. 3 (7), sch. 1 Parti.

42, s. 3 (7), sch. 1 Part I.

42, ss. 5, 10 (3).

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

74, s. 24 (3) (4). . 59, s. 5 (3) (5). 42, s. 10 (3) (4), sch. 2.

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

42, s. 1(4) (b).

44, ss. 43 (4), 64, sch. 3.

93, s. 13 (1) (b). 93, s. 13 (2).

55, s. 30 (2).

87, s. 106, sch. 2;

88, s. 48, sch. 2. 71, s. 1 (1), sch. Parti.

lviii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

9 & 10 Geo. 5:

c. 94 Nurses Registration Act, S. 1 amended 73, s. 1, sch. I.

1919. repealed in

S. 2 repealed in pan >73, s. 24, sch. 4.

(prosp.)

S. 3 extended in part ... J73, s. 8 (1) (4).

repealed in part ...

S. 4 repealed in part ... S. 5 repealed in part 1-73, s. 24, sch. 4.

(prosp.) S. 6 repealed in part ... 73, ss. 10 (3), 24,

• S. 7 repealed in part ... sch. 4. 73, ss. 12 (4), 24,

sch. 4.

Sch. repealed (prosp.) 73, s. 24, sch. 4.

Sch. para 5 amended ... 73, s 1 (2)

c. 95 Nurses Registration S. 1 amended 95, s 1, sch. 1.

(Scotland) Act, 1919. repealed in part (prosp.) ]

S. 2 repealed in part (prosp.) >95, s. 22, sch. 4.

S. 4 repealed in part ... S. 5 repealed in part ... 95, ss. 13, 22,

sch. 4.

S. 6 repealed in part ... 95, ss. 8 (3), 22,

sch. 4.

S. 7 repealed in part ... 95, ss. 10 (4), 22,

sch. 4.

S. 9 repealed 95, ss. 19 (2), 22,

sch. 4.

Sch. repealed (prosp.) ... Sch. para. 5 amended ... 95, s. 22, sch. 4. 95, s. 1(2) (3).

c. 100 Electricity (Supply) Act, S. 22 repealed in part ... 11, s. 8, sch.

1919.

10 & 11 Geo. 5:

c. 12 Savings Banks Act, 1920 S. 1 amended 13, s. 6 (1).

S. 2 amended 13, s. 9.

c. 17 Increase of Rent and Applied as modified (S.) 61, s. 24.

Mortgage Interest S. 2 extended in part 47, s. 40 (10).

(Restrictions) Act, (E. S.)

1920. S. 8 repealed with saving 40, ss. 1(5), 2 (7),

sch. 1 para. 4 (2).

S. 17 applied in part ... 40, s. 13.

c. 18 Finance Act, 1920 S. 13 repealed (E. S.) ... 89, ss. 30, 31 (2),

sch. 7.

S. 35 repealed 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

sch. 11 Part V.

Sch. 2 repealed (E. S.)... 89, ss. 30, 31 (2),

sch. 7.

c. 33 Maintenance Orders S. 7 repealed in part (prosp) 101, s. 46 (2),

(Facilities for Enforcement) Act, 1920. sch. 7 Part II.

c. 53 Jurors (Enrolment of S. 1 repealed in part ... 27, s. 35, sch. 3.

Women) (Scotland) Act, 1920.

c. 63 . Married Women (Main- S. 1 amended 99, s. 1 (1).

tenance) Act, 1920. extended 99, s. 2.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

10 & 11 Geo. 5:

c. 67 Government of Ireland Act, 1920. Limitations on powers of Pari, of N.I. relaxed. S. 6 excluded excluded in part ... S. 22 extended in part (iretrosp.) S. 47 excluded (payment to jurors). 51, s. 26; 67, s. 43 (5). 60, s. 43 (7). 68, s. 174 (3). 47, s. 49 (2) (3). 27, s. 34.

c. 72 Roads Act, 1920 Ss. 1, 3 in part, repealed (E. S.) Ss. 5-6, 7 in part, 8-9, 11-13, 14 in part, 17 in part, repealed (E. S.) 89, ss. 30, 31 (2), sch. 7. 89, ss. 30, 31 (2), sch. 7.

c. 80 Air Navigation Act, 1920 Repealed 67, s. 70, sch. 12.

11 & 12 Geo. 5:

c. 24 Deceased Brother’s Widow’s Marriage Act, 1921. Repealed (E.) 76, ss. 79 (1), 80 (2), sch. 5 Parti.

c. 31 Police Pensions Act, 1921 Sch. 2 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI.

c. 32 Finance Act, 1921 S. 22 repealed (E. S.) ... S. 49 repealed in part ... S. 64 repealed in part with saving. Sch. 3, para. 6, amended 89, ss. 30, 31 (2), sch. 7. 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part VII. 47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part VI. 47, s. 47 (4).

c. 42 Licensing Act, 1921 Excluded in part (E.) ... S. 1 amended (metropolis) S. 3 excluded (E.) S. 5 amended (E.) Part n (ss. 15-17) repealed S. 18 amended Schs. 2-4 repealed 59, ss. 21 (3) (a), 39 (3) (b). 59 s. 39. 59, s. 21 (3) (c). 59, s. 21 (3) (h). 59, s. 41, sch. 4 Parti. 59, s. 7. 59, s. 41, sch. 4 Parti.

c. 47 Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921. S. 1 may be excluded by Treasury direction. 47, ss. 16 (1), 52 (9).

c. 58 Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921. S. 4 extended 97, s. 16 (5) (6).

C.A.M. No. 1 Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure, 1921. S. 5 amended saved C.A.M. No. 2, s. 1. C.A.M. No. 2, s.2(l).

12 & 13 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Juries Act, 1922 S. 1 repealed in part ... amended S. 2 repealed in part ... amended S. 5 repealed in part ... S. 6 repealed in part ... amended 27, s. 35, sch. 2 Parti. 86, s. 3, sch. 2. 27, s. 35, sch. 2 Parti. 86, s. 3, sch. 2. 27, ss. 18 (2), 35, sch. 2 Part ID. 27, s. 35, sch. 2 Parti 86, s. 3, sch. 2.

lx

Effect of Legislation

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

12 & 13 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Finance Act, 1922 Ss. 14-15 repealed S. 26 restricted (war 89, s. 30, sch. 7. 36, s. 28 (2) (c).

damage).

S. 44 repealed with saving 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

sch. 11 Part IV.

c. 50 Expiring Laws Act, 1922 Sch. 1 Part I repealed in 68, ss. 174 (2),

part 175,176 (2) (3) sch. 9; 90, s.

21, sch.

c. 52 Allotments (Scotland) Act, Saved 75, s. 99 (8).

1922.

c. 54 Milk and Dairies S. 3 repealed in part and 34, s. 11.

(Amendment) Act, provision substituted.

1922. amended 34, s. 12 (1) (2).

" sale " explained ... 34, s. 14 (2).

S. 9 applied 34, s. 15 (1).

13 & 14 Geo. 5:

c. 4 Fees (Increase) Act, 1923 Ss. 1-2 in part, Sch. 1 in part, Sch. 2, repealed iprosp.) 43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

c. 8 Industrial Assurance Act, S 39 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2),

1923. {prosp.) sch. 7 Part III.

c. 10 Agricultural Holdings Repealed with saving ... 75, ss. 97-99,

(Scotland) Act, 1923. sch. 8.

c. 14 Finance Act, 1923 S. 19 applied 41, s. 2 (2).

S. 24 excluded 47, s. 21, sch. 6

Part III para.

S. 37 repealed with saving 47, *s. 52 (9) (10),

sch. 11 Part IV.

c. 16 Salmon and Freshwater S. 73 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

Fisheries Act, 1923. iprosp.) sch. 7 Part HI.

S. 76 repealed in part 101, ss. 6, 46 (2),

iprosp.) sch. 7 Part I.

c. 20 Mines (Working Facilities S. 10 repealed in part ... 11, s. 8, sch.

and Support) Act, 1923.

c. 24 Housing, &c., Act, 1923 S. 22 amended (E.) 60, s. 44 (2).

c. 25 Agriculture (Amendment) Repealed with saving (S.) 75, ss. 97-99,

Act, 1923. sch. 8.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage In- Applied as modified (S.) S. 9 repealed in part with 61, s. 24.

terest Restrictions Act, 40, s. 3 (3).

1923. saving.

14 & 15 Geo. 5:

c. 15 Auxiliary Air Force and S. 4 extended 96, s. 16.

Air Force Reserve Act, 1924.

c. 17 County Courts Act, 1924 S. 5 repealed in part ... Applied as moolfied (S.) 44, s. 64, sch 3.

c 18 Prevention of Eviction 61, s. 24.

Act, 1924.

c. 21 Finance Act, 1924 S. 14 extended (7.4.49)... 47, s. 1 (2) (3).

S. 18 repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

c. 24 Isle of Man (Customs) S. 4 continued 58, s. 6.

Act, 1924.

c. 34 London Traffic Act, 1924 S. 10 excluded (special 32, s. 12 (7) (8).

roads).

c. 39 Arbitration Clauses (Pro- Excluded 39, s. 8 (2).

tocol) Act, 1924.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

Ixi

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

14 A 15 Geo. 5: C.A.M. No. 2

Union of Benefices Measure, 1923.

Powers of Diocesan Committee transferred to Pastoral Committee. Applied

Excluded

S. 25 repealed in part ...

Ss. 39-41 applied as modified.

15 A 16 Geo. 5:

c. 15

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925.

S. 13 repealed in part ...

S. 22 applied as modified S. 23 extended in part... S. 24 repealed in part ...

S. 25 extended

Part 111 (ss. 43-65) extended, heading repealed in part.

S. 43 repealed in part ...

S. 44 repealed in part ...

amended

S. 45 amended

repealed in part ...

Ss. 46, 52-53 repealed ...

Ss. 54 amended

S. 55 amended and repealed in part.

S. 56 amended

S. 57 amended and repealed in part.

Ss. 58-60, 63-65 repealed

Ss. 71-72 extended S. 73 repealed with saving

Ss. 74-75 repealed with saving.

S. 78 repealed

S. 79 repealed in part ...

Ss. 80 in part, 81, 84 in part, repealed.

74367

Chapter of 1949 Act or number I of Measure

C.A.M. No. 3,

s. 1 (2).

C.A.M. No. 3, s. 4 (1).

C.A.M. No. 3, s. 15 (3).

76, s. 79 (1), sch. 5 Part II.

C.A.M. No. 3, s. 16.

61, ss. 1,49, schs.

1, 4 Part II.

61, s. 12 (6).

61, s. 43 (4) (a). 61, ss. 1,49, schs.

1, 4 Part D.

61, s. 43 (4) (a). 61, ss. 32, 34.

61, s. 49, sch. 4 Part II.

61, ss. 1, 37, 49, schs. 1, 3, 4 Part II.

61, ss. 1,49, schs.

I, 4 Part II.

61, s. 1, sch. 1. 61, s. 1, sch. 1. 61, ss. 1, 37, 49,

schs. 1, 3, 4 Part II.

61, ss. 37, 49, schs. 3, 4 Part

II.

61, s. 37, sch. 3. 61, ss. 37, 49, schs. 3, 4 Part II.

61, s. 37, sch. 3. 61, ss. 1, 37, 49, schs. 1, 3, 4 Part II.

61, ss. 37, 49, schs. 3, 4 Part U.

61, s. 45 (1).

61, ss. 1, 37, 49, schs. 1, 3, 4 Part U.

61, ss. 29 (5), 30 (4), 45 (2), 49, sch. 4 Part 11. 61, ss. 37, 49, t.chs. 3, 4 Part II.

61, ss. 1,49, schs,

I, 4 Part II. 61, ss. 37, 49,

schs. 3, 4 Part

II.

4 K

lxii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 15

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925—com.

S. 85 extended ...

S. 106 repealed in part.

S. 110 repealed in part.

S. 112 amended

S. 116 repealed

S. 119. Definition of " Burgh " amen-

61, s. 35.

61, ss. 1,49, schs.

I, 4 Part H.

61, ss. 1, 37, 49,

schs. 1, 3, 4 Part II.

61, s. 1, sch. 1. 61, ss. 37, 49, schs. 3, 4 Part

II.

61, s. 37, sch. 3.

ded.

Definition of " Housing Trust " repealed. Sch. 5 heading repealed in part.

para. 1 amended para. 2 repealed in part.

para. 4 repealed in part and amended.

para. 6 repealed in part.

para. 8 repealed in

part.

61, s. 49, sch. 4 Part II.

61, s. 49, sch. 4 Part II

61, s. 1. sch. . 1.

61 , ss. 1. 49,

> schs. 1,4 Part

II.

61, ss. 37, 49,

schs. 3, 4 Part O.

c. 18

... Settled Land Act, 1925...

para. 9 amended para. 12 repealed in part.

Ss. 1, 20, 25 repealed in

61, s. 1, sch. 1. 61, ss. 1,49, schs.

1,4 Part II.

78, s. 1, sch. 2,

c. 19 c. 20

... Trustee Act, 1925

... Law of Property Act, 1925.

part.

S. 71 extended

S. 73 extended

S. 117 repealed in part with saving.

S. 36 excluded in part ... S. 62 repealed in part ... Applied (powers of mortgagee by deed).

S. 28 extended

S. 84 amended (prosp.)... repealed in part ...

Ss. 153, 169 repealed in

74, s. 11 (2) (a\ 60, s. 24(3); 74, s. 11 (2) (a). 47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part IV.

16, s. 2 (2).

78, s. 1, sch. 2. 47, s. 40 (4) ( ).

60, s. 24 (3); 74, s. 11 (2) (a). 42, s. 1 (4) (a). 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2,

78, s. 1, sch. 2.

e. 21 ...

c. 22 ...

a. 23 ... c. 24 ...

Land Registration Act, 1925.

Land Charges Act, 1925

Administration of Estates Act, 1925.

Universities and College Estates Act, 1925.

part.

S. 205 repealed in part with saving.

S. 3 repealed in part with saving.

S. 144 repealed in part...

S. 10 extended

S. 15 applied in part ... extended in part ...

Amended (adopted persons).

S. 26 extended

S. 31 extended

47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part IV.

47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part IV.

21,8.1 (5), sch. 2.

47, s. 40 (4).

60, s. 23 (5).

67, s. 33 (3); 74, s. 8 (8)

98, ss. 9, 10,

15 (e).

60, s. 24(3); 74, s. 11 (2) (a).

74, s. 11 (2) (a).

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxiii

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

IS & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage In- Applied as modified (S.) 61, s. 24.

terest (Restrictions Continuation) Act,

1925.

c. 36 Finance Act, 1925 S. 7 continued in part 47, s. 3 (1) (a).

until 15.8.53

S. 8 amended (6.4.49) ... 47, s. 6.

S. 12 extended (7.4.49)... 47, s. 1 (2) (3).

S. 23 amended 47, s. 28 (1).

S. 24 repealed with saving 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

sch. 11 Part IV.

Sch. 3, Part I, superseded 47, s. 6 (2) (5),

(6.4.49). sch. 4, Part I.

c. 45 Guardianship of Infant* S. 7 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

Act, 1925. (prosp.) sch. 7 Part II.

Ss. 9,11 in part, repealed 1 76, ss. 79 (1), 80

Sch. repealed } (2), sch. 5 J Parti.

c. 49 Supreme Court of Judica- S. 2 amended 62, s. 49.

ture (Consolidation) Act, 1925. S. 31 repealed in part ... 68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9. 27, s. 8. 27, s. 19 (2). 29, s. 1 (4). 29, s. 1 (5). 100, s. 3. 78, s. 1, sch. 1. 47, ss. 14, 52,

S. 72 extended S. 99 extended S. 160 excluded in part... S. 167 extended in part... S. 176 extended S. 194 amended S. 221 repealed (retrosp.)

sch. 11 Part I.

c. 56 Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 5, 7 continued 58, s. 6.

Act, 1925.

c. 67 Wireless Telegraphy (Ex- Continued (temp.) 54, s. 18.

planation) Act, 1925.

c. 81 Circuit Courts and S. 3 repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1925. (prosp.).

c. 16 Criminal Justice Act, 1925 Ss.12 in part, 17, repealed 101, s. 46 (2).

(prosp.). sch. 7 Part II.

S. 20 applied as modified 97, s. 31 (7).

S. 33 amended (prosp.) 101, s. 15 (7).

c. 91 Mines (Working Facilities S. 1 repealed in part ... 11, s. 8, sch.

and Support) Act, 1925.

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 15 Criminal Appeal (Scot- S. 9 amended (prosp.) ... 94, s. 30 (1).

land) Act, 1926. repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

(prosp.).

S. 16 repealed in part 94, ss. 30 (2), 79,

c. 22 (prosp.) sch. 12.

Finance Act, 1926 S. 7 amended (6.4.49) ... 47, s. 6 (3), (5),

sch. 4.

Ss. 13-14, sch. 1 repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

c. 28 Mining Industry Act, S. 22 repealed with saving 53, s. 9 (2).

c. 29 1926. Adoption of Children S. 24 repealed in part ... S. 1 explained 11, s. 8, sch. 98, s. 1 (1).

Act, 1926. S. 2 repealed in part ... 9*. ss. 1 (2), 2

(2), 3 (6).

S. 5 repealed in part ... 98, s. 10 (5); 47,

s. 52, sch. 11 Part IV.

S. 6 amended 98, s. 5 (2).

S. 8 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.). tch. 7 Part 11.

74367 4 K 2

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

4*iv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 29 Adoption of Children Act, 1926—coni. S. 11 repealed in part and amended. Sch. repealed 98, s. 12 (10). 98, s. 12 (10).

c. 47 Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926. S. 12 repealed in part ... 31, s. 39, sch. 2 Part 1.

c. 52 Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1926. S. 17 repealed in part ... 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

c. 54 Wireless Telegraphy (Blind Persons Facilities) Act, 1926. Continued (temp.) 54, s. 18.

c. 56 Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926. S. 3 amended (E.) amended (S.) 60, ss. 28 (2), 45. 61, ss. 17 (2), 40.

c. 57 ... ... Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1926. Applied as modified (prosp.). 94, s. 50 (4).

c. 58 Penal Servitude Act, 1926 Repealed (S.) {prosp.) ... 94, s. 79, sch. 11

c. 59 Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926. S. 6 extended (prosp.) ... S. 12 restricted {prosp.)... 101, s. 10 (7), sch. 2 para. 9 (3). 101, s. 10 (7), sch. 2 para 10

(4).

c. 60 ... Legitimacy Act, 1926 ... S. 7 repealed in part with saving. 47, s. 52, sch. 11. Part IV.

C.A.M. No. 6... Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926. Applied C.A.M. No. 1, s. 3 (2).

17 & 18 Geo. 5:

c. 10 Finance Act, 1927 S. 6 amended (7.4.49) ... Ss. 11-12 repealed S. 52 repealed with saving Sch. 4 repealed 47, s. 5, sch. 3. 89, s. 30, sch. 7. 47, s. 52 (9), (10). sch. 11 Part IV. 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

c. 21 Moneylenders Act, 1927 Amended S. 1 repealed in part with saving. S. 2 repealed in part (E.) {prosp.). 47, s. 15 (1) (A) (6) (9). 47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part 11. 101, s. 46 (2). sch. 7, Part 11,

c. 23 Crown Lands Act, 1927 S. 15 applied 75, s. 86 (3).

c. 36 ... 18 & 19 Geo. 5: Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927. Part 1 (ss. 1-17) excluded 84, s. 6 (3).

c. 3 Patents and Designs (Convention) Act, 1928. Act, except s. 4, repealed 87, s. 106, sch. 2; 88, s.48,sch.2.

c. 17 Finance Act, 1928 Sch. 2, Part 111, para. 9 applied. 47, s. 6 (2).

c. 29 Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1928. S. 1 amended 52, s. 1.

c. 40 Merchant Shipping (Line-Throwing Appliance) Act, 1928. Repealed {prosp.) 43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

19 & 20 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Superannuation (Diplomatic Service) Act, 1929. Amended 44, ss. 14 (4), 31 (4).

c. 17 ... ... Local-Government Act, 1929. S. 32 amended (special roads). S. 80 repealed 32, s. 9 (3). 68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 21 ... t Finance Act, 1929 t S. 4 continued in part I until 15.8.53. 47, s. 3 (1) (A).

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject • 1 How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

19 & 20 Geo. 5.: i

c. 25 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929. S. 44 repealed in part ... S. 47 excluded S. 48 repealed in part with saving. S. 49 repealed in part ... 31, s. 39, sch. 2, Parti. 75, s. 7 (2) 75, ss. 97-99, sch. 8. 31, c. 39, sch. 2, Parti.

c. 27 Savings Banks Act, 1929 S. 9 repealed in part ... 13, s. 7 (3).

c. 29 Government Annuities Act, 1929. Ss. 22,58 repealed in part 47, s. 52 (9), (10). sch. 11, Part V.

c. 36 Age of Marriage Act, 1929. S. 1 repealed in part (E.) 76, ss. 79 (1), 80 (2), sch. 5, Part I. 101, s. 33 (13).

c. 37 Police Magistrates Superannuation (Amendment) Act, 1929. Extended (prosp

20 & 21 Geo. 5:

c. 1 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1929. S. 3 continued 58, s. 6.

c. 15 Arbitration (Foreign Awards) Act, 1930. Excluded 39, s. 8 (2).

c. 25 Third Parties (Rights against Insurers) Act, 1930. Excluded 67, s. 45, sch. 6 para. 3.

c. 28 Finance Act, 1930 S. 6 repealed S. 40 repealed in part ... S 43 repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7, 47,s.52 (9), (10). sch.ll.Part IV 47, s 52 (9), (10), sch. 11, Part V

c 32 Poor Prisoners’ Defence Act, 1930 Applied as modified C prosp). Extended (prosp.) S. 1 extended (prosp.) ... S. 2 repealed in part (prosp.). extended (prosp.) amended (prosp.) ... S. 3 excluded (prosp.) ... restricted (prosp.) extended repealed in part (prosp.) amended (prosp.) ... 51, s. 18 (4). 51, s. 18 (5). 51, ss. 18 (1) (b). (3). 51, s. 18 (2) (a). 51, ss. 18 (1) (b). 51, ss. 18 (3), 19. 51, s. 22(1). 51, s. 23 (3). 51, s. 23 (4) 51, s. 22 (7). 51, s. 21.

c. 37 Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930. S. 1 explained S. 2 repealed in part ... amended S. 5 repealed in part with saving. S. 6 amended S. 11 extended in part ... repealed in part ... amended Sch. amended 98, ss. 1 (1), 15 (a). 98, ss. 2 (2), 3 (6) 15(a). 98, s. 15 (b). 47, s. 52, sch. U Part IV. 98, s. 5 (2), 15 (a). |98, ss. 12, 15 J

c. 40 Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930. • S. I repealed in part ... S. 4 repealed in part ... 61, ss. 1, 49, schs. 1, 4 Part H. 61, ss. 37, 49, schs. 3, 4 Part II.

lxvi

Effect of Legislation 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

20 &21 Geo. 5:

c. 40 Housing (Scotland) Act, S. 9 repealed in part ... 61, ss. 1, 49,

1930—cont. Part II (ss. 14-21) applied schs. 1, 4 Part II. 61, s. 42.

S. 14 repealed in part ... 61, ss. 1, 49,

schs. 1, 4 Part II.

S. 16 amended repealed in part ... 61, ss. 41, 43. 61, ss. I, 49.

schs. 1, 4 Part II.

S. 19 extended in part ... 61, s. 43 (4) (6),

(c).

S. 20 applied (31.3.50)... 55, s. 4 (6), (c).

extended 61, s. 43 (4) (6),

(c).

S. 22 repealed in part ... 61, ss. 1, 37, 49,

schs. 1, 3, 4 Part II.

S. 29 extended 61, s. 43 (4).

S. 30 repealed 61, s. 49, sch. 4

Part II.

S. 34 repealed with saving 61, ss. 29 (5), 45

(2), 49, sch. 4 Part II.

S. 36 amended 61, s. 37, sch. 3.

S. 37 extended 61, s. 6, sch. 2

para. 2.

S. 48 repealed 61, ss. 37, 49,

schs. 3, 4 Part II.

S. 49 repealed in part ... 61, ss. 1,49, schs.

1,4 Part II.

Sch. 2 para. 2 (iv) amended. 61, s. 37, sch. 3.

c. 43 Road Traffic Act, 1930... S. 10 extended in part 32, s. 12 (6), (8).

(special roads). S. 46 excluded (special

32, s. 12 (7), (8).

roads).

S. 89 repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

S. 117 applied (special 32, s. 19 (3).

roads).

C.A.M. No. 3 ... Marriage Measure, 1930 Repealed 76, s. 79 (1), sch.

5 Part 11.

C.A.M. No. 7 ... Pluralities Measure, 1930 S. 1 excluded C.A.M. No. 3, s.

5(8).

21 & 22 Geo. 5:

c. 9 Colonial Naval Defence Amended, extended, and 18, s. 1 (2), (3),

Act, 1931. applied. (6).

S. 2 extended 18, s. 1 (4), (5),

(7).

c. 11 Acquisition of Land Repealed 42, s. 10 (4), sch.

(Assessment of Compensation) (Scotland) 2.

Act, 1931.

c. 28 Finance Act, 1931 Ss. 2, 4 repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

c. 30 Probation of Offenders Repealed (prosp.) 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

(Scotland) Act, 1931.

c. 31 Marriage (Prohibited Ss. 1, 3 in part, repealed 76, s. 79 (1), 80

Degrees of Relation- (E.). (2), sch. 5 Pan

ship) Act, 1931. I.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxvii

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

21 & 22 Geo. 5.: c. 42

Agricultural Marketing Act, 1931.

Extended as adapted (N.J.) 38, s. 18.

S. 1 repealed in part ... 38, ss. 14, 20 (2),

sch.

S. 3 extended

repealed in part ... S. 6 repealed in part (E.) (prosp.).

S 9 saved

extended

repealed in part ...

38, s. 9.

38, s. 20 (2), sch. 101, s 46 (2), sch 7 Part III 38, s. 3 (1).

38, ss. 2, 3 (2), (3).

38, ss. 14, 20 (2), sch.

amended

S. 11 extended in part ...

S. 16 explained

extended in part S. 18 explained in part S. 19 repealed in part with saving.

repealed in part ...

38, s. 3 (4).

37, s. 6 (3); 38, s. 19 (3)

38, s. 19 (4).

38, s. 19 (3)

38, s. II (1).

38, ss. 17, 20 (2), sch.

75, ss. 97-99, sch.

8.

c. 44 ...

C.A.M. No. 3

Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1931.

Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure, 1931.

S. 20 repealed in part ...

S. 26 amended

Part II (ss. 27-40) repealed with saving, s. 41 repealed in part. Amended

38, ss. 18 (1), 20 (2), sch.

75, s. 94, sch. 7. 75, ss. 97-99,sch, 8.

C.A.M. No. 3 s. 10 (1).

22 &23 Geo. 5: c. 4

c. 8

c. 9

Statute of Westminster, 1931.

Import Duties Act, 1932

Merchant Shipping (Safety and Load Line Conventions) Act, 1932.

Applied in part (Newfoundland).

S. 1 may be excluded by direction (aircraft duties).

Part I (ss. 1-39) repealed in part (prosp.).

Ss. 1-4, 5 in part, 6-7, repealed (prosp.).

S. 9 amended (prosp.) ... repealed in part (prosp).

Ss. 10-11,13-22, repealed (prosp.)

S. 23 amended (prosp.)... restricted in part (prosp.).

S. 24 repealed in part, (prosp.).

S. 25 repealed (prosp.)...

extended as modified (temp.) (seaplanes).

Ss 26, 28, 32-35 repealed (prosp.).

S. 36 extended (prosp.)

Ss. 37-38, 62 in part, 68 in part, repealed (prosp.)

S. 69 extended (prosp.)

22, s. 1, sch.

para. 48.

47, ss. 16 (1), 52 (9).

43, ss. 35 (3).

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

43, s. 35 (5), (6). 43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

43. s.37 (5), sch. 3.

43, s. 20.

43, s. 21 (4).

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

43, s. 37, (5), sch. 3.

67, s. 68 (2).

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

43, s. 30.

43, s. 37 (5), sch. 3.

43, s. 35 (4)

lxviii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

22 &23 Geo. 5.: 1

c. 9 Merchant Shipping (Safety S. 73 amended (prosp.) 43, s. 26 (1), (2).

and Load Line Conven- repealed in part 43, s. 37 (5), sch.

tions) Act, 1932— (prosp.). extended (prosp.)... Sch. 3 repealed (prosp.)... 3. 43, s. 35 (4). 43,s.37(5),sch.3.

c. 22 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932. S. 15 repealed in part ... 28, s. 3 (2).

c. 25 Finance Act, 1932 S. 14 repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

c. 31 Marriage (Naval, Military, and Air Force Chapels) Act, 1932. Repealed 76, s. 79 (1), sch. 5, Part I.

c. 32 Patents and Designs Act, Act, except part of Sche- 87, s. 106, sch. 2;

1932. dule, repealed. 88, s.48, sch. 2.

c. 36 Carriage by Air Act, 1932 Explained and saved ... 67, ss. 42 (6). 54.

c. 37 Solicitors Act, 1932 Applied as modified ... Ss. 20 in part, 36—38 in part, 39-40, 41 in part, repealed S. 42 amended S. 43 repealed in part ... S. 47 amended restricted (patent agent). Ss. 48-49 amended S. 54 repealed (prosp.) ... superseded (prosp.) 101, s. 20 (3) (d). 21, s. 1 (5), sch. 2 21, s. 1 (4), (5), schs. I, Part 1,2. 21, s. 1 (5). sch. 2. 21, s. 1 (4), sch. 1, Parti. 87, s. 88 (5). 21, s. 1 (4), sch. 1 Parti. 101, s. (46) 2, sch. 7, Part J. 101, s. 7 (1).

c. 41 Isle of Man (Customs) (No. 2) Act, 1932. S. 9 continued 58, s. 6.

c. 45 Rights of Way Act, 1932 S. 1 repealed in part ... 97, s. 58.

c. 53 Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932. S. 3 repealed with saving 47.S.52 (9), (10), sch. 11, Part III.

c. 55 23 & 24 Geo. 5.: Administration of Justice Act, 1932. S. 6 repealed 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

c. 12 Children and Young Per- Ss. 34,46 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2), sch.

sons Act, 1933. (prosp.). S. 47 repealed in part (prosp.). S. 48 repealed in part (prosp.). extended in part (prosp.). S. 88, repealed in part (prosp.). S. 101 repealed in part (prosp.). Sch. 2 para. 1 extended in part (temp.) (prosp.). repealed in part (prosp.). para. 2 extended (prosp.). para. 3 repealed 7, Part H. 101, ss. 11 (6), 46 (2), sch. 7, Parts II-III. 101, ss. 11 (6), 46 (2), sch. 7, Part in. 101, s. 11 (6). 101, ss. 11 (6), 46 a) sch. 7 Part m. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part 11. 101, ss. 14,15(5) 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7, Part n. 101, s. 11 (6). 101, s. 46(2), sch.

! (prosp.). ^Ic 7, Part in.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxix

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

23 & 24 Geo. 5.:

c. 16 Housing (Financial Pro- S. 3 repealed with saving 61, ss. 30 (4), 49,

visions) (Scotland) Act, 1933. sch. 4, Part II.

c. 19 Finance Act, 1933 S. 2 continued in part 47, s. 3 (1) (c).

until 15.8.53. continued in part 47, s. 3 (2).

until 15.11.53.

Ss. 25-26, sch. 7, repealed 89, s. 30 sch. 7.

c. 20 False Oaths (Scotland) S. 2 repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

Act, 1933. Solicitors (Scotland) Act, (prosp extended {prosp.) ... 94, s. 42 (1).

c. 21 Ss. 2-4 repealed {prosp.) \ 63, s. 26 (2), sch.

1933. Ss. 5-6 repealed / 8, Part 11.

S. 8 repealed 21, s. 1(5), sch. 2.

Ss. 9, 19 amended 63, s. 216, sch. 7.

Part V (ss. 24-40) ex- 63, ss. 20 (3),

tended (professional misconduct). 25(3).

Ss. 26-28,34amended ... 63, s. 26, sch. 7.

S. 39 amended 63, s. 26, sch. 7.

restricted (patent 87, s. 88 (5).

agent). S. 47 repealed 21, s. 1 (5), sch. 2.

S. 50 amended Schs. 1 -2 repealed {prosp.) 63, s. 26, sch. 7. 63, s. 26 (2), sch.

8, Part II.

c. 24 Solicitors Act, 1933 Applied as modified 101, s. 20 (3) (d).

c. 25 Pharmacy and Poisons (prosp.). S. 24 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2), sch.

Act, 1933. {prosp.). 7, Part UI.

c. 27 Blind Voters Act, 1933... Repealed 68, ss. 174 (2),

175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

c. 31 Agricultural Marketing Ss. 1-2 repealed in part 38, s. 20 (2), sch.

Act, 1933. S. 3, Part II (ss. 4-9) repealed. S. 10 repealed in part ... 38, ss. 13, 20 (2), sch. 38, ss. 11 (2), 20

(2), sch.

S. 14 repealed 38, s. 20 (2), sch.

S. 15 amended 38, s. 1 (1) (d).

repealed in part... 38, s. 20 (2), sch.

Ss. 18,22 in part, 26-27 in 38, s. 20 (2), sch.

part, 29 in part, repealed.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage Applied as modified (S.) S. 3 applied 61, s. 24.

Interest Restrictions 40, s. 8 (7).

(Amendment) Act, saved (E.) 60, s. 30.

1933. saved (S.) 61, s. 18.

c. 38 Summary Jurisdiction S. 2 extended in part 51, ss. 18 (1) (c).

(Appeals) Act, 1933. {prosp.) (3), 23 (4).

repealed in part 51, s. 18 (2) (b).

{prosp.) amended {prosp.) 51, ss. 20(1) (3)

(4), 21.

c. 40 Isle of Man (Customs) S. 4 continued 58, s. 6.

Act, 1933.

c. 42 Service of Process S. 3 repealed in part {prosp.) S. 8 amended 101, s. 46 (2),

(Justices) Act, 1933. sch. 7 Part 11.

c. 51 Local Government Act, 68, s. 169, sch. 8

1933. Ss. 12-16 repealed para. 5 (1). 68, ss. 175, 176

(2) (3), sch. 9.

74367 4 K*

lxx Effect of Legislation 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session .and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

23 & 24 Geo. 3: c. 51

Local Government Act, 1933—cont.

S. 18 repealed in part

(prosp.) 3. 23 ame

amended

Ss. 26-30 repealed

S. 33 amended

Ss. 39-40 repealed

S. 43 amended

S. 45 amended

Ss. 53-54 repealed

S. 55 extended

repealed in part... S. 67 repealed in part ...

saved in part ... Ss. 69, 70 in part, 71, 72 in part, 73, 74 in part, 80, 81 with saving, 83, repealed.

S. 97 extended

Ss. 105-106 repealed in part.

S. 119 extended in part {prosp.)

Ss. 139-146 re-enacted, so far as repealed, with amendments.

S. 148 saved {prosp.) ... Part VII (ss. 156-179) applied in part, excluded in part.

S. 157 excluded

S. 163 excluded in part applied in part ... S. 164 amended (special roads).

excluded

S. 165 excluded

S. 166 applied

S. 187 repealed in part

Part X (ss. 219-243) applied.

S. 238 repealed in part

Ss. 250-252 applied as modified.

S. 265 repealed

S. 290 applied in part as modified (special roads), applied in part applied in part (E.S.XBoundary Commission inquiries), applied in part

101, ss. 2, 46 (2), sch.7 PartsI,nL

68, s. 169, ach. 8 para. 5 (1).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

68, s. 169, sch. 8 para. 5 (1).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3). sch. 9

68, s. 169, sch. 8 para. 5 (2).

68, s. 169, sch. 8 para. 5 (1).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

68, s. 36 (4).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

68, s. 29 (2).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

67, s. 21 (2).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

101, s. 28 (2).

83, s. 1 (3), sch.

101, s. 18 (10).

74, s. 22 (1).

84, s. 6 (2).

97, s. 103 (5).

97, s. 104 (10).

97, s. 104 (4).

32, s. 10 (3).

97, s. 104 (10).

97, s. 104 (10).

97, s. 104 (11).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9

74, s. 42 (1).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

97, s. 106(1) (2).

47, s. 52. sch. II Part V.

32, s. 1 (3), sch. 1 para. 4.

55, s. 12 (3).

66, s. 1 (2), sch. 1 Part HI para. 5(1) (2).

74, s. 46 (3M5).

A.D. 1949 Effect of Legislation lxxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

23 & 24 Geo. 5:

r. SI Local Government Act, 1933—cont. S. 305 in part, sch 2, repealed. Sch. 3 Part VI para. 5 (5), amended 68, ss 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9. 68, s. 169, sch. 8 para. 5 (3).

c. 53 Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933. S. 29 excluded (special roads). 32, s. 12 (7) (8).

24 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 2 Newfoundland Act, 1933 Act, except s. 3, repealed 22, s. 2.

c. 5 Air Force Reserve (Pilots and Observers) Act, 1934. S. 1 amended 96, s. 15.

c. 13 Marriage (Extension of Hours) Act, 1934. Ss. 1 in part, 2, 3 in part, repealed. 76, ss. 79 (1); 80 (2),sch.5 Part I.

c. 14 Arbitration Act, 1934 ... Excluded Applied as modified (E.) Applied Excluded Applied in part as modified (E.) Excluded (patents disputes). Excluded save as applied (National Health Service). S. 9 applied as modified excluded S. 10 applied as modified 39, s. 8 (2). 54, s. 9, sch. 2 para. 3 (1). 69, s. 17 (8). 72, s. 42 (2). 72, s. 44 (2). 87, s. 67 (4). 93, s. 7 (8). 38, s. 8 (1). 87, s. 44 (4). 38, s. 8 (1).

c. 23 Workmen’s Compensation (Coal Mines) Act, 1934. S. 4 extended 53, s. 5 (4).

c. 30 Cotton Manufacturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934. Ss. 1 and 2 continued until 31.12.50. 71, s. 1 (1), sch. Parti.

c. 32 Finance Act, 1934 S. 18, sch. 3 repealed ... 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

c. 37 Trustee Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act, 1934. S. 1 amended 13, s. 4 (1), (2).

c. 50 Road Traffic Act, 1934... S. 1 excluded continued, as amended, until 31.12.50. 32, s. 12 (5), (8). 71, s. 1 (1), sch. Parti.

c. 53 County Courts Act, 1934 S. 29 repealed in part ... S. 40 excluded S. 93 repealed in part ... S. 167 extended S. 170 explained .) 44, s. 64, sch. 3. 51, s. 15 (3). 27, ss. 17,35, sch. 2 Part III. 27, s. 17. 101, s. 27 (11).

C.A.M. No. 2 Banns of Marriage Measure, 1934. Repealed. 76, s. 79 (1), sch. 5 Part II.

25 & 26 Geo. 5:

c. 9 Herring Industry Act, 1935. S. 6 repealed in part (E.) {prosp.). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

c. 13 Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1935. Applied as modified (S.) 61, s. 24.

c. 15 Post Office (Amendment) Act, 1935. Superannuation Act, 1935 S. 5 repealed in part (E. except Isle of Man). 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

c. 23 74367 S. 2 saved applied in part as modified, applied ... S. 3 amended applied in part 44, ss. 13, 30. 44, s. 33 (3). 44, s. 56 (1). 44, s. 38 (3). 44, s. 39 (4). 4 K* 2

lxxii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

25 &26 Geo. 5:

c. 24

c. 30

c. 32

c. 41

Superannuation Act, 1935—com.

Finance Act, 1935

Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act, 1935.

Criminal Lunatics (Scotland) Act, 1935.

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1935.

S. 4 amended

applied

Ss. 7 in part, 11 repealed

S. 2 amended

Ss. 3-4 repealed

S. 2 repealed in part ...

Ss. 1 in part, 2, 3, 7, repealed (pr

S. 1 repealed in part ...

Ss. 13-18 repealed with saving.

S. 20 amended

S. 22 repealed in part ...

S. 23 repealed

S. 24 repealed

S. 25 amended

S. 26 repealed in part ... amended

S. 39 restricted

extended

repealed in part ...

S. 40 amended

repealed in part ...

S. 46 extended

S. 47 amended

Ss. 50-51 repealed with saving.

S. 67 repealed

S. 70 amended

S. 80 amended

repealed in part with saving.

S. 81 repealed in part with saving.

S. 82 repealed in part with saving.

repealed in part... S. 84 repealed

S. 85 amended

S. 86. Definition of "Large burgh" amended.

Sch. 2 repealed with saving

44, ss. 14 (3), 31(3).

44, s. 56 (2).

44, s. 64, sch. 3. 89, s. 30 (4).

89, s. 30, sch. 7. 78, s. 1, sch. 2.

94, ss. 63 (4), 79, sch. 12.

61, ss. 1,49, schs. 1,4 Part H.

61, ss. 36,49, sch. 4 Part I.

61, s. 1, sch. 1.

61, s. 1, 49, schs. 1, 4 Part H.

61, ss. 44, 49, sch. 4 Part U.

61, s. 49, sch. 4 Part II.

61, ss. 1, 37, 49, schs. 1, 3, 4 Part II.

61, s. 37, sch. 3.

61, ss. 1, 37, schs. 1, 3.

61. s. 27(5).

61, s. 6, sch. 2, para. 1.

61, ss. 1, 49, schs. 1, 4 Part II.

61, s. 6, sch. 2 para. 1.

61, ss. 1, 49,

schs. 1, 4 Part

n.

61, s. 6, sch. 2 para. 3.

61, s. 1, sch. 1.

61, ss. 36, 49, sch. 4 Part I.

61, s. 49, sch. 4 Part II.

61, s. 37, sch. 3.

61, s. 37, sch. 3.

61, s. 49, sch. 4 Part I.

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2. 61, ss. 37, 49, schs. 3, 4 Part

n.

61, s. 1, sch. 1. 61, s. 37, sch. 3.

61, s. 49, sch. 4 Part I.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

25 & 26 Geo. 5:

c. 41 Housing (Scotland) Act, 1935—cont. Sch. 3 Part I amended... Part III amended Sch. 5 repealed in part with saving. 61, s. 6, sch. 2 para. 4 (a). 61, s. 6, sch. 2 para. 4 (b). 61, s. 49, sch. 4 Parti.

c. 46 Money Payments (Justices Procedure) Act, 1935. S. 13 amended (prosp.) S. 14 repealed (prosp.) 101, s. 15 (7). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part II.

c. 47 26 Geo. 5 & Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935. S. 4 applied (London) ... S. 13 extended applied (London) Ss. 14 applied (London), 20 amended 32, s. 22 (6). 32, ss. 10, 14 (2). 32, s. 22 (6). 32, s. 22 (6).

1 Edw.8:

c. 16 Coinage Offences Act, 1936. S. 12 repealed in part (S.) (prosp.) 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

c. 34 Finance Act, 1936 Ss. 1, 4 repealed with saving. Ss. 9-13 repealed S. 24 repealed with saving Sch. 3 Part I paras. 2, 4 repealed. 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part III. 89, s. 30, sch. 7. 47, ss. 28 (2), 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part IV. 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

c. 35 Solicitors Act, 1936 Applied as modified (prosp.) S. 15 amended Sch. repealed in part ... 101, s. 20 (3) (d). 21, s. 1 (4), sch. 1 Part I. 21, s. 1(5), sch. 2.

c. 44 Air Navigation Act, 1936 Act, except ss. 24, 26, 35 in part, sch. 4, repealed. 67, s. 70, sch. 12.

c. 45 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1936. S. 3 continued 58, s. 6.

c. 49 Public Health Act, 1936 S. 6 extended (prosp.) ... S. 143 amended and modified (civil aviation). S. 220 amended Ss. 284-286 applied (prosp.) S. 290 applied in part (prosp.) Ss. 291-292, 294 in part, applied (prosp.) Ss. 300-302 applied (prosp.) 55, s 1 (3) 67, s 69, sch 11 para. 1. 98, s. 13. 55, s. 10 (1). 55, s. 4 (5). 55, s. 7 (2). 55, s. 4 (5).

c. 50 Public Health (London) Act, 1936. Amended (special roads) Part II (ss. 14-81) (except ss. 56-68) excluded. Ss. 45, 62, 64, 73, 178, 265, repealed in part (prosp.) S. 270 repealed in part (prosp.) S. 272 amended S. 281 repealed in part (prosp.) S. 283 repealed in part (prosp.) S. 287 applied in part (prosp.). Sch. 1 Part IV repealed (prosp.) 32, s. 22 (3). 102, s. 6 (2). 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part II. 98, s. 13. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part HI. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part I. 55, s. 24. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part III.

lxxiv

Effect of Legislation

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw.8:

Short title or Subject

How affected

c. 51 ...

... Housing Act, 1936

... S. 6 revived in part as modified.

Ss. 9, 11 repealed in part

S. 12 amended

Ss. 14-15, 18-19 applied as modified.

Ss. 25, 28,45, repealed in part.

S. 49 repealed in part ...

S. 51 repealed in part ...

S. 55 repealed in part ...

Part V (ss. 71-104) extended (retrosp.).

Part V (heading) repealed in part.

S. 71 repealed in part ...

S. 72 extended in part ...

amended

repealed in part ...

S. 73 extended

amended

repealed in part ...

S. 79 amended

applied in part ... repealed in part ...

S. 81 amended

S. 85 amended

S. 86 extended

Ss. 87-88 amended

S. 89 extended in part

S. 90 repealed with saving

S. 91 repealed with saving

S. 92 repealed in part ...

amended

S. 93 repealed in part ...

S. 94 amended

extended

S. 103 amended

repealed in part

S. 110 repealed with saving.

Ss. 117-118 repealed in part.

S. 119 extended

S. 120 repealed in part...

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

60, s. 10.

60, s. 51, sch. 3 Parti.

60, s. 1, sch. 1.

60, s. 3 (4).

60, ss. 1, 51 schs.

1.3 Parti.

42, s. 10 (4), sch.

2.

60, ss. 1, 51, schs.

1, 3 Part I.

42, s. 10 (4), sch.

2.

60, s. 7.

60, s. 51, sch. 3 Parti.

60 ss. 1,51,schs.

1, 3 Part L 60, s. 8.

60, s. 1, sch. 1.

60 ss. 1, 51, schs.

1.3 Part I 60, s. 9 (1).

60, s. 1, sch. 1.

60, ss. 1,51, schs.

1, 3 Part L 60, s. 1, sch. 1.

60, s. 9 (2).

60, ss 1, 51, schs.

1.3 Part I 60, s. 12.

60, s. 1, sch. 1.

60, s. 48, sch. 2 Part I para. 3. 60, s. 1, sch. 1.

60, s. 48, sch. 2 Part I. para. 4. 60,ss.4(5),47 (2) 51, sch. 3 Part L 60, ss. 4 (5), 5 (5), 47(2)51 sch. 3, Parti.

60, ss. 1,51, schs.

1, 3 Part I.

60, s. 1, sch 1. 60, ss. 1,51, schs.

1, 3 Part I.

60, s. 1, sch. 1. 60, s. 49 (1) (6). 60, s. 13.

60, s. 51, sch. 3 Parti.

60, ss. 5 (5), 51, sch. 3 Part I. 60, s. 51, sch. 3 Parti.

60, s. 47 (1).

60, s. 51, sch. 3 Part I.

A.D. 1949 Effect of Legislation lxxv

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw.8: c. 51

Housing Act, 1936—cont.

c. 52

C.A.M. No. 2

C.A.M. No. 5

1 Edw. 8 &

1 Geo. 6: c. 5

Private Legislation Pro* cedure (Scotland) Act, 1936.

Union of Benefices (Amendment) Measure, 1936.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1936.

Trunk Roads Act, 1936

Ss. 122-124 extended .

S. 128 restricted... extended

repealed in part

S. 129 extended...

repealed in part

S. 130 extended in part

S. 136 repealed

S. 137 repealed in part...

S. 153 extended

S. 156 amended

S. 160 applied as modified

S. 162 repealed in part

S. 163 extended

S. 169 extended in part...

Ss. 171-172 extended ...

S. 173 extended S. 184 extended

S. 188 extended in part

repealed in part

Sch. 11 repealed in part

amended Applicable by direction...

Applied

Excluded (provisions as to notices, etc.).

S. 9 applied

Applied

S. 1 extended in part ... S. 6 repealed in part ... S. 7 applicable by order S. 13 amended

Sch. 5 applicable by order

60, s. 47 (1).

60, s. 40 (5).

60, s. 48, sch. 2 Part I para. 5. 60, ss. l,51,schs.

1, 3 Part I.

60, s. 48, sch. 2 Part I paras. 5-6.

60, ss. 1,51, schs.

1, 3 Part I.

60, s. 48, sch. 2 Part I, para. 6. 60, s. 51, sch. 3 Part L 60, ss. 1,51, schs.

1.3 Part I.

60, s. 48, sch. 2

Part I, para. 7. 60, s. 1, sch. 1. 60, s. 3 (4).

60, s. 51, sch. 3 Part I.

60, s. 11.

60, s. 48, sch. 2 Part I, para. 8. 60, s. 48, sch. 2 Part I, para. 9. 60, s.49(l) (a). 60, s. 48, sch. 2 Part I, para. 10. 60, s. 48, sch. 2 Part I, paras. 1-2, 11.

60, ss. 1,51, schs.

1.3 Part I.

60, ss. 1, 51, schs.

1.3 Part I.

60, s. 1, sch. 1. 32, s. 1(5), sch. 1

para. 12; 67, s. 64 (6). C.A.M. No.

s. 4 (1). C.A.M. No.

s. 15 (3). C.A.M. No. s. 11.

32, s. 9 (1).

32, s. 14 (7).

32, s. 14 (6).

32, s. 3 (4).

32, s. 14 sch. 1 PartlV: 32,s.3(4).

<$,

xxvi

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

1 Edw. 8 &

1 Geo. 6:

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

c. 12

c. 16 c. 17 c. 37

... Firearms Act, 1937

... Regency Act, 1937 ... Reserve Forces Act, 1937 ... Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937.

S. 21 amended (S.) (prosp.) repealed in part (S.) (prosp.)

S. 23 amended (S

repealed in part (S.) (prosp.)

S. 2 excluded in part ...

Repealed

S. 11 amended

Ss. 28, 32, 37 amended...

S. 41 repealed (prosp.)

S. 43 substituted (prosp.) S. 51 extended (prosp.)

S. 53 amended (prosp.)

S. 56 repealed (prosp.) ... S. 57 amended (prosp.) repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 58 excluded (prosp.)

amended (prosp.)

S. 59 saved in part (prosp.)

amended (prosp )

S. 62 amended (prosp.) repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 63 amended (prosp.)

S. 64 repealed (prosp.)

Ss. 66-67 extended (prosp.)

S. 68 extended (prosp.)

94, s. 77, sch. 11. 94, ss. 77, 79, schs. 11, 12.

94, s. 77, sch. 11. 94, ss. 77, 79, schs. 11, 12.

41, s. 3 (3).

96, s. 16, sch. 2. 98, s. 13.

19, s. 5, sch. Part II.

94, s. 79, sch. 12. 94, s. 77, sch. 11. 101, s. 14.

94, s. 77, sch. 11. 94, s. 79, sch. 12. 94, s. 17.

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

94, s. 19 (4).

94, s. 77, sch. 11. 94, s. 8 (1).

94, s. 77, sch. 11. 94, s. 77, sch. 11. 94, ss. 77, 79, schs. 11-12.

94, s. 77, sch. 11. 94, s. 79, sch. 12. 94, s. 71 (3), 72.

94, ss. 71 (1) (3). 72.

S. 69 extended (prosp.)

S. 70 applied (prosp.) ... extended (prosp.) repealed in part ... S. 71 extended in part (prosp.)

extended (prosp.) ... S. 74 amended (prosp.)

S. 75 amended (prosp.) applied (prosp.) ... modified (prosp.) ... Ss. 77-78 modified (prosp.) S. 79 amended

S. 81 amended (prosp.)

S. 82 amended (prosp.)

S. 83 applicable by rules (prosp.)

S. 86 amended (prosp.)...

94, s. 71 (3).

94, s. 71 (2).

94, s. 71 (3).

94, s. 79, sch. 12. 94, s. 71 (4).

94, s. 73 (1) (2). 94, s. 77, sch. 11 94, s. 69 (1) (2). 94, s. 69 (3).

94, s. 70 (2).

94, s. 70 (2).

98, ss. 11 (3), 15 (a).

Ws. 77, sch. 11.

*94, s. 51 (2).

94, ss. 70, 77, sch. 11.

repealed in part (prosp.)

S. 88 extended (prosp.) ...

S. 94 amended (prosp.)

S. 109 applicable in part by rules (prosp.)

Sch. 2 repealed in part

(prosp.)

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

94, ss. 71 (2), 72 (1).

94, s. 77, sch. II, 94, s. 51 (2).

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxxvii

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

1 Edw. 8 & 1

Geo. 6: c. 38 Ministers of the Crown S. 6 applied 67, s. 3 (2).

Act, 1937.

c. 53 Agricultural Wages Repealed 30, s. 18, sch. 4.

(Regulation) (Scotland) Act, 1937.

c. 54 Finance Act, 1937 Ss. 7-9 repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

Part in (ss. 19-25) amen- 64, s. 1 (1).

ded. S. 22 amended 64, s. 1 (5), sch.

S. 31 extended 47, s. 31 (1).

repealed in part 47, s 52 (9) (10),

with saving. sch. 11 Part IV.

c. 57 Matrimonial Causes Act, S. 3 amended 100, s. 3.

1937. S. 7 repealed in part ... 100, s. 4 (2).

S. 8 restricted 100, s. 1 (3).

S. 13 extended 100, s. 1 (4).

c. 58 Summary Procedure S. 4 repealed in part iprosp.) 101, s. 46 (2),

(Domestic Proceedings) sch. 7 Part U.

Act, 1937. S. 9 repealed in part 101, ss. 11 (6X

iprosp.) 46 (2), sch. 7 Part UI.

extended iprosp.... 101, s. 11 (6).

c. 64 Isle of Man (Customs) S. 3 continued 58, s. 6.

Act, 1937.

c. 67 Factories Act, 1937 S. 133 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part UI. 101, ss. 22,23 (8), (9), (11), sch. 5.

c. 68 Local Government Super- (E.) iprosp.) Applied as modified

annuation Act, 1937. iprosp.)

S. 13 modified in part 101, s. 10 (7).

iprosp.) sch. 2 para. 8 (5).

S. 20 repealed in part 101, ss. 22 (1),

iprosp.) 23 (9), 46 (2), sch. 7 Part in.

Sch. 2 Part in repealed 101, s. 46 (2),

in part iprosp.) saved in part sch. 7 Part UI. 101, s. 23 (9).

c. 70 Agriculture Act, 1937 ... S. 5 repealed in part with 75, ss. 97-99,

saving (S.) sch. 8.

1 & 2 Geo. 6:

c. 12 Population (Statistics) Temporary Act: see s. 7 71, s. 1 (1), sch.

Act, 1938. (4). Continued until 31.12.50. Parti.

c. 13 Superannuation (Various Services) Act, 1938. S. 1 amended 44, s. 52.

c. 16 Housing (Financial Pro- Ss. 2 in part, 8, repealed 60, s. 51, sch. 3

visions) Act, 1938 Part II

s. 9 restricted 60, s. 42 (3).

c. 22 Trade Marks Act, 1938 S. 61 saved 87, s. 92 (2).

c. 26 Increase of Rent and Applied as modified (S.) 61, s. 24.

Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1938.

c. 29 Patents, etc. (International Act, except ss. 8-10, 12 \87,s. 106, sch. 2. / 88, s. 48, sch. 2.

Conventions) Act, 1938. in part sch. in part, repealed.

c. 33 Air Navigation (Financial Repealed 67, s. 70, sch. 12.

Provisions) Act, 1938. 60, s. 28 (2).

c. 35 Housing (Rural Workers) S. 5 amended (E.)

Amendment Act, 1938. amended (S.) 61, s. 17 (2).

S. 6 amended (E.) 60, ss. 28 (2), 45.

amended (S.) 61, ss. 17 (2), 40.

lxxviii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

1 & 2 Geo. 6:

c. 38 ...

... Housing (Agricultural Population) (Scotland) Act, 1938.

c. 45 Inheritance (Family Pro-

vision) Act, 1938. c. 46 Finance Act, 1938

c. 48 ... c. 50 ... c. 56 ...

... Criminal Procedure (Scot-

land) Act, 1938.

... Divorce (Scotland) Act, 1938.

... Food and Drugs Act, 1938.

c. 59 ... c. 63 ...

c. 68 ...

c. 70 ...

c. 71 ... C.A.M. No.

Local Government (Hours of Poll) Act, 1938.

Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1938.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1938.

Holidays with Pay Act, 1938.

Bacon Industry Act, 1938

Marriage (Licensing of Chapels) Measure, 1938.

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

S. 3 repealed in part ... 61, s. 49, sch. 4

Part H.

S. 16 repealed in part ... 61, ss. 1, 49,

schs. 1, 4 Part

n.

S. 20 amended

S. 21. Definition of "agricultural population " repealed in part.

S. 5 repealed in part with saving.

S. 5 repealed with saving

S. 52 repealed in part with saving.

61, s. 37, sch. 3.

61, ss. 1,49, schs. 1, 4 Part IL

47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part IV.

47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part HI.

47, s. 52 (9) (10). sch. 11 Part VI.

S. 10 repealed (prosp.)

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

S. 5 restricted

. 100, s. 2 (3).

S. 21 (meaning of " purveyors of milk ") extended, repealed in put and superseded in part

amended

explained in part...

S. 92 excluded in part ... extended

Repealed

S. 14 extended

34, s. 14 (2).

34, s. 11.

34, s. 12.

34, s. 14 (2).

34, s. 11 (3).

34, s. 13.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9. 100, s. 6.

S. 5 repealed

Ss. 1-3, 5 repealed (agricultural employees) (S.) S. 30 repealed in part ... Repealed

58, s. 7, sch. 3.

30, s. 18, sch. 4.

38, s. 20 (2), sch. 76, s. 79 (1), sch. 5 Part IL

2 & 3 Geo. 6: c.3 ...

c. 5 ...

c. 13 ... c. 21 ...

c. 27 ...

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act,

1938.

Export Guarantees Act,

1939.

Cancer Act, 1939 Limitation Act, 1939 ...

Adoption of Children (Regulation) Act, 1939.

S. 9 repealed in part

... 61, s. 49, sch. 4

Part H.

Repealed

S. 3 repealed

Ss. 2-3 modified (Iron and Steel Corpn.).

S. 21 excluded (Iron and Steel Corpn.).

S. 30 extended in part...

S. 6 extended

repealed in part ...

amended

S. 7 saved and applied in part.

14, s. 8.

93, s. 29 (3). 72, s. 10 (2).

72, s. 10 (1).

36, s. 31 (6). 98, s. 6 (1). 98, s. 6 (2). 98, s, 6 (3). 98, s. 5 (3).

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxxix

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

2 & 3 Geo. 6: c. 27 ...

c. 30 ... c. 31 ... c. 32 ...

c. 33 ...

c. 35 ...

c. 39 ... c. 40 ...

c. 41 c. 47

c. 48

Adoption of Children (Regulation) Act, 1939 —cont.

Access to Mountains Act, 1939.

Civil Defence Act, 1939

Patents and Designs (Limits of Time) Act, 1939.

Marriage Act, 1939

Marriages Validity Act, 1939.

Coast Protection Act, 1939.

London Government Act, 1939.

Finance Act, 1939 Overseas Trade Guarantees Act, 1939. Agricultural Development Act, 1939.

S. 16 repealed in part (definition of "local authority "), replaced (E.) and superseded (S.) substituted in part (definition of "relative"), extended in part... Repealed

S. 74 repealed in part...

Act, except s. 4, repealed

Ss. 1-2 in part, 3, repealed.

Repealed

Repealed

S. 9 amended

Ss. 12-16 repealed

S. 23 amended

Ss. 26-30, 42 in part, 44, 45 in part, 46, 47 in part, 48-49, 54-55, 57, 76 in part, repealed.

S. 86 extended in part (prosp.)

Part V (ss. 97-114) excluded in part.

S. 106 excluded in part...

applied in part ... S. 107 amended (special roads).

excluded S. 108 excluded

S. 109 applied

S. 122 repealed in part...

Ss. 147-149 applied as modified.

S. 183 applied ...

S. 189 applied as modified.

S. 206 in part, sch. 2, repealed.

Ss. 9-10, sch. 8, repealed Repealed

S. 30 repealed in part with saving (S.)

S. 31 amended

repealed in part ...

98, ss. 7 (1), 15 (</).

98, s. 13.

98, s. 14 (3).

97,s.83.

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

87, s. 106, sch. 2; 88, s.48, sch. 2.

76, ss. 79 (1), 80 (2), sch. 5 Part I.

76, ss. 79 (1), 80 (2), sch. 5 Part

74, ss. 18(9)(10), 48, sch. 3.

68, s. 169, sch. 8 para. 5 (1).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9

68, s. 169, sch. 8 para. 5 (1).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

101, s. 28 (2).

84, s. 6 (2).

97, s. 104 (10). 97, s. 104 (4).

32, ss. 10 (3), 22 (7).

97, s. 104 (10). 97, s. 104 (10). 97, s. 104 (11). 68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sen. 9.

102, s. 7(4).

26, s. 3 (4), sch. 3 para. 10.

32, s. 22 (9).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9. 89, s. 30, sch. 7. 14, s. 8.

75, ss. 97-99, sch.

8.

37, s. 12 (1).

37, s. 12 (2).

lxxx

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

2 & 3 Geo. 6:

c. 50 Prevention of Violence Temporary Act: see s. 5 71, s. 1 (1), sch.

(Temporary Provisions) (2). Continued until Parti.

Act, 1939. 31.12.50.

c. 55 Building Societies Act, Sch., Part I amended ... 60, s. 5 (4).

1939. amended (S.) 61, s. 30 (3).

c. 57 War Risks Insurance Part II (ss. 7-15) excluded 36, ss. 4, 8.

Act, 1939.

c. 61 British Overseas Airways Repealed 91, s. 41, sch. 3.

Act, 1939.

c. 71 Rent and Mortgage In- Applied as modified (S.) 61, s. 24.

terest Restrictions Act, S. 8 amended 40, s. 17 (8).

1939. sch. 2.

c. 75 Compensation (Defence) Applied as modified ... 84, s. 5.

Act, 1939. S. 2 applied as modified / 26, s. 5 (8) \84, s. 5 (1) (2).

S. 7 applied as modified 26, s. 5 (8) (6).

applied 84, s. 13.

S. 8 applied as modified 26, s. 5 (8) (6).

S. 9 applied as modified 26, s. 5 (8) (6).

applied 84, s. 13.

Ss. 10-17 applied as modified. S. 18 applied in part as 26, s. 5 (8) (6). 84, s. 13.

modified.

c. 107 Patents, Designs, Copyright and Trade Marks S. 6 saved 87, s. 106, sch. 3, para. 3.

c. 109 (Emergency) Act, 1939.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939 S. 1 amended (7.4.49) ... 47, s. 2, sch. 1.

S. 3 repealed with saving (7.4.49). S. 6 repealed in part with saving. Sch. 1 substituted with 1 47,s.52(9) (10), >sch. 11 Part Jm-

47, s. 2, sch. 1.

saving (7.4.49).

Sch. 3 repealed (7.4.49) 147, s. 52 (9) (10),

Sch. 5 repealed in part > sch. 11 Part

with saving. J HI.

Sch. 7 Part I extended in 36, s. 28 (7).

c. 117 part.

National Loans Act, 1939 Applied f 14, s. 3 (2). \20, s. 7 (2).

Applied (Armed Forces 77, s. 1 (2).

Housing Loans). S. 1 extended 36, s. 3 (5).

3 & 4 Geo. 6:

c. 6 Gas and Steam Vehicles Repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

(Excise Duties) Act, 1940.

c. 14 Agriculture (Miscellane- S. 26 saved (S.) 75, s. 99 (8).

ous War Provisions) Act, 1940.

c. 15 Solicitors (Emergency Applied as modified 101, s. 20 (3) id).

c. 25 Provisions) Act, 1940. Post Office and Telegraph (prosp.)

S. 5 repealed in part with 80, s. 1 (1).

c. 29 Act, 1940. saving.

Finance Act, 1940 Ss. 4-5 repealed with 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

saving (7.4.49). sch. 11 Part III.

Ss. 9-10 repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

Sch. 4 repealed with savin* \ 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

(7.4.49). sch. 11 Part in.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxxxi

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

3 & 4 Geo. 6:

c. 36 British North America Applied as modified (Newfoundland). 22, s. 1, sch.

Act, 1940. para. 3.

c. 40 Colonial Development S. 1 amended 49, s. 1.

and Welfare Act, 1940.

c. 49 Isle of Man (Customs) S. 1 continued 58, s. 6.

Act, 1940. Ss. 6-7, sch. 5 repealed ... 58, s. 7, sch. 3.

4 & 5 Geo. 6: 101, ss. 4 (10), 46 (2), (3) (c).

c. 27 Justices (Supplemental List) Act, 1941. Repealed with saving (prosp.)

sch. 7 Part I.

c. 30 Finance Act, 1941 S. 19 extended 36, s. 28 (7).

Part III (ss. 28-44) amen- 64, s. 1 (1).

ded. S. 39 amended 64, s. 1 (5), sch.

c. 46 Solicitors Act, 1941 Applied as modified 101, s. 20 (3) (d).

(prosp.) Ss. 3 in part, 10 in part.

21, s. 1(5), sch. 2.

13, 23 in part, sch. 2 in part, sch. 3 in part.

repealed.

c. 47 Marriage (Members of Repealed (E.) 76, ss. 79 (1), 80

His Majesty's Forces) (2), sch. 5 Part

Act, 1941. I.

No. 1 Diocesan Reorganisation S. 3 repealed in part ... 76, s. 79 (1), sch.

Committees Measure, 1941. 5 Part II.

5 & 6 Geo. 6:

c. 6 Patents and Designs Act, Repealed 87, s. 106, sch. 2;

1942. 88, s. 48, sch. 2.

c. 21 Finance Act, 1942 S. 43 repealed with saving 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

sch. 11 Part VI.

superseded in part 47, s. 41.

Sch. 6 Part II excluded in 59, s. 3 (2)

part. (8) (b).

Sch. 10 repealed in part 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

with saving. sch. 11 Part VI.

6 & 7 Geo. 6:

c. 16 Agriculture (Miscellane- S. 15 saved (S.) 75, s. 99 (8).

ous Provisions) Act, S. 21 repealed with saving 75, ss. 97—99,

1943. (S.) sch. 8.

c. 17 Nurses Act, 1943 Ss. 2-3 repealed in part S. 4 repealed in part (prosp.). S. 5 repealed in part ... 173, s. 24, sch. 4.

J73, ss. 12 (4), 24, sch. 4.

S. 19 repealed ]

Sch. 2 repealed in part... repealed in part [■73, s. 24, sch. 4.

c. 21 War Damage Act, 1943 (prosp.). Part I (ss. 5-82) applied in part as modified J36, ss. 9 (2), 11(0,31(4).

(retrosp.).

excluded 36, ss. 4-6.

S. 10 applied in part ... 36, ss. 5, 30,

sch. 3, para. 5.

S. 12 applied in part ... 36, ss. 5. 30,

sch. 3, para. 1 (3).

S. 13 applied (E.S.). ... S. 14 excluded (E.S.). ... 84, s. 11 (1)(2). 84, s. 11 (3).

restricted (retrosp.). 36, s. 19.

lxxxii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

6 & 7 Geo. 6: c. 21 ...

War Damage Act, 1943 —cont.

S. 31 applied

Ss. 39-40 excluded in part (retrosp.).

S. 42 amended (retrosp.). S. 44 excluded (retrosp.) S. 43 excluded in part (retrosp.).

S. 48 applied as modified

restricted (E.N.I.)

excluded

extended (E.N.I.)

S. 49 applied as modified

restricted

excluded

S. 50 applied as modified

excluded

S. 35 applied in part as modified.

S. 57 applied as modified

S. 58 applied as modified

Ss. 61, 63 excluded S. 64 excluded

6, ss. 5, 30, sch.

3 para. 5.

6, s. 12.

36, s. 15 (1) (2). 36, s. 16(1).

36, s. 13.

36, ss. 6 (3), 14, 17 (2), sch. 4 paras. 1 (2) (3),

4 (2), 5, 10 (1). 36, ss. 6 (3), 14,

17 (2), sch. 4 para. 10 (3). 36, ss. 6 (3), 14, 17 (2), sch. 4, para. 11 (1). 36, s. 17 (2), sch.

4 para. 10 (2). 36, ss. 6 (3). 14, 17 (2), sch. 4 paras. 1 (2) (3), 4 (2), 5, 10 (1). 36, ss. 6 (3), 14, 17 (2), sch. 4 para. 10 (3). 36, ss. 6 (3), 14, 17 (2), sch. 4 para. 11 (1). 36, ss. 6 (3), 14, sch. 4, paras. 1(2) (3), 4 (2), 5.

36, ss. 6 (3), 14, sch. 4, para. 11(1).

36, ss. 6 (3), 14, sch. 4 para. 8(2).

36, ss. 6 (3), 14, sch. 4 para. 7. 36, ss. 6 (3), 14, sch. 4 paras. 7, 8 (2).

36, s. 25.

36, ss. 16 (1), 25, 26.

Ss. 66-68 applied as modified.

S. 69 applied as modified

S. 70 repealed

S. 72 excluded in part... applied in part as modified.

36, ss. 6 (3), 14, sch. 4, paras. 7, 8(2).

36, ss. 6 (3), 14, sch. 4 paia. 7.

36, s. 9.

36, s. 31 (5).

36, ss. 6 (3), 14, 31, sch. 4 para.

S. 73 applied as modified 36, ss. 6 (3),

14, 31, sch. 4 para. 7.

S. 74 amended (retrosp.) 36, ss. 20, 36 (2).

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxxxiii

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

6 & 7 Geo. 6: c. 21 ...

c. 28

c. 33

c. 39 ...

c. 40 ... c. 44 ...

c. 48

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

War Damage Act, 1943 —cont.

Finance Act, 1943

Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1943.

Pensions Appeal Tribunals Act, 1943.

Law Reform (Frustrated Contracts) Act, 1943. Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943.

Parliament (Elections and Meeting) Ac(, 1943.

S. 76 applied in part as modified.

S. 77 excluded

S. 82 applied as modified

Part H (ss. 83-102) excluded.

S. 85 applied as modified amended (retrosp S. 87 applied in part as modified.

S. 95 excluded

S. 103 amended (retrosp.) S. 112 applied as modified S. 113 superseded

(retrosp.). Ss. 7-10 repealed Sch. 5 Part II amended (retrosp.)

S. 3 repealed in part ... S. 4 repealed in part ...

S. 5 repealed in part ...

S. 19 repealed

S. 1 amended

restricted

applied in part

S. 5 applied

S. 12 amended

Sch. extended in part ... S. 2 excluded in part ...

Temporary Act: see s. 10 (2). Continued, as amended, until 31.3.51. Extended

S. 1 applied in part

extended in part ... S. 2 amended

S. 3 amended

repealed in part with saving.

S. 6 applied in part

S. 7 repealed in part with saving, amended

S. 8 extended

Sch. applied

Part H (ss. 26-33), sch. 5, repealed.

36, ss. 6 (3), 14, sch. 4 para. 7. 36, s. 16 (1).

36, ss. 6 (3), 14, sch. 4 para. 8 (2).

36, ss. 4, 7.

36, s. 10 (9) (a). 36, s. 21.

36, s. 10 (9)

(c) (d).

36, s. 7.

36, s. 22.

36,s. 10 (9)

36, s. 28 (1M5).

89, s. 30, sch. 7. 47, s. 9(1).

95, s. 22, sch. 4. 95, ss. 13, 22, sch. 4.

95, ss. 10 (4), 22, sch. 4.

95, s. 22, sch. 4. 12, s. 1 (1).

12, s. 1 (2).

12, s. 2.

12, s. 2.

12, s. 1 (1).

12, s. 3.

72, s. 13 (4).

71, s. 1 (2), sch. Part II.

40, ss. 7, 11, 17 (2) (6) (7).

40, ss. 6 (1),

17 (2).

40, ss. 15, 17 (2).

40, s. 17 (8),

sch. 2.

40, s 17 (8),

sch. 2.

40, ss. 12 (4) (a) (b), 17(2).

40, ss. 6 (5), 17

(2).

40, ss. 12 (4) (c), 17 (2).

40, s. 17 (8),

sch. 2.

40, s. 17 (3) (iii).

40, ss. 6 (2), 17

(2).

68, ss. 174 (2), 175,176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

C.A.M. No. 1

New Parishes Measure, 1943.

S. 25 repealed ...

... 76, s. 79 (1),

sch. 5 Part II.

lxxxiv

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

7 & 8 Geo. 6:

c. 9 Supreme Court of Judi- S. 1 amended 62, s. 49.

cature (Amendment) Act, 1944.

c. 21 Pensions (Increase) Act, Applied as modified ... 44, s. 48 (3).

1944. Excluded 44, s. 48 (4).

c. 23 Finance Act, 1944 S. 25 amended S. 28 amended S. 29 excluded in part... 99, s. 3. 47, s. 20 (2). 47, s. 21, sch. 6

Part 1 para. 9 (13).

S. 43, sch. 4 Part III, 1 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

Part IV in part, re- > sch. 11 Part

pealed with saving. J iv.

c. 26 Rural Water Supplies and S. 7 amended 31, s. 21 (1).

Sewerage Act, 1944.

c. 29 Food and Drugs (Milk S. 4 amended 37, s. 7 (2).

and Dairies) Act, 1944.

c. 36 Housing (Temporary Ac- S. 4 repealed in part ... 60, s. 51 sch. 3

commodation) Act, 1944. Part II.

c. 39 Housing (Scotland) Act, S. 3 repealed in part ... 61, ss. 1, 49,

1944. schs. 1,4, Part n. 61, s. 26 (2).

amended

c. 41 House of Commons (Re- Repealed (prosp.) 66, ss. 8(1), 9 (2),

distribution of Seats) Act, 1944. sch. 3.

c. 43 Matrimonial Causes (War S. 1 extended 100, s. 1 (4).

Marriages) Act, 1944. Town and Country Plan- S. 2 extended 100, s. 2 (4).

c. 47 S. 25 applied as modified 32, ss. 5(1), 6(1).

ning Act, 1944. extended 32, ss. 5 (4), 6 (3).

S. 28 applied as modified 67, s. 32 (1).

Sch. 1 modified 67, s. 30, sch. 4

Part I para. 4,

Sch. 4 applied in part as Part II para. 8. 67, s. 30 (1) (2).

modified.

Sch. 6 repealed in part... 42, s. 10 (4),

sch. 2.

C.A.M. No. 1 ... Reorganisation Areas Ss. 24, 28, repealed in 76, s. 79 (1), sch.

Measure, 1944. part. 5 Part II.

S. 30 amended S. 38 amended S. 40 applied as modified C.A.M. No. 3, s. 11 (3), sch. 2. CAM. No. 5, s. 1. C.A.M. No. 3,

s. 15 (2). C.A.M. No. 3,

S. 52 applied

s. 15 (3).

8 & 9 Geo. 6:

c. 5 Representation of the S. 33 repealed .) 66, ss. 8 (1),9 (2),

People Act, 1945. sch. 3.

c. 9 Export Guarantees Act, Repealed 14, s. 8.

1945.

c. 15 Licensing Planning (Tem- Excluded (London rest- 59, s. 35.

porary Provisions) Act, aurant licences).

1945. S. 2 amended 59, s. 31.

S. 5 extended 59, s. 32.

amended (London.) 59, s. 34.

S. 6 amended 59, s. 33.

S. 9 excluded in part ... 59, s. 37.

S. 10 variable by order ... 59, s. 36 (1).

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxxxv

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

8 & 9 Geo. 6: c. 21 ...

c. 23 ... c. 24 ..

c. 32 ...

Ministry of Civil Aviation Act, 1945.

National Loans Act, 1945 Finance Act, 1945

Income Tax Act, 1945 ...

Repealed

S. 2 repealed

S. 1 repealed with saving

S. 15 amended

S. 16 amended

67, s. 70, sch. 12;

91, s. 41, sch. 3. 13, s. 4 (3).

47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part in. 47, s. 20 (I).

47, s. 21 (1), sch. 6 Part I

repealed in part S. 17 saved in part amended ...

para. 9 (5) (8).

47, s. 21 (1),

sch. 6 Part I, paras. 9 (6) (7).

47, s. 21 (1), sch. 6 Part n, para. 9 (3).

47, s. 21 (1), sch. 6 Part I

S. 18 amended and repealed in part.

S. 19 saved in part

para. 9 (8).

47, s. 21 (1), sch. 6 Part I para. 9 (10).

47, s. 21 (1), sch. 6 Part II

S. 20 amended ...

S. 23 saved in part

Part III (s8. 25-31) extended as modified ... incorporated S. 25 excluded

S. 27 amended

Ss. 49-50 extended Part Vni (ss. 55-70) applied in part.

S. 58 extended in part... S. 64 excluded in part ... S. 66 excluded in part ...

S. 68 amended (" appointed day ").

Sch. 1 Part II restricted in part.

Part III excluded

para. 9 (3).

47, s. 21 (1), sch. 6 Part I, para. 9 (11).

47, s. 21, sch. 6 Part II para. 9(3).

47, s. 22 (1) (2)

(6).

47, s. 22 (9).

47, ,s. 22 (1), (6)

(a).

47, s. 22 (4).

36, s. 28 (7).

47, s. 21 (2).

47, s. 22 (9).

47, s. 22 (5) (c).

47, s. 21, sch. 6 Part I para. 9 (12).

47, s. 22 (2) (a).

47, s. 22 (2) (c)

(d).

47, s. 22 (2)

c. 33

Town and Country Plan-ning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

S. 24 applied as modified

extended

S. 27 applied as modified

S. 50 excluded

Sch. 1 modified in part...

Sch. 4 applied in part as modified.

Sch. 6 repealed in part...

32, s. 5 (1) (2),

6(1).

32, ss. 5 (4), 6 (3). 67, s. 32 (1).

67, s. 64 (6) (6). 67, s. 30, sch. 4 Part UI para. 10(c).

67, s. 30 (1), (2), (5).

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

lxxxvi

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

1 A 9 Geo. 6:

c. 38 Local Government (Boundary Commission) Act, 1945. Repealed 83, s. 1 (2).

c. 42 Water Act, 1945 S. 37 amended 60, s. 46 (2) (3).

e. 43 Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945. Part VII (ss. 40-44) applied as modified. S. 41 applied in part as modified. 67, ss. 24, 25, 26, sch. 1 Part IE para. 10, sch. 2 para. 2, sch. 3 Part II para. 4; 84, s. 8 (1). 36, s. 23 (1).

C.A.M. No. 3... Incumbents (Disability) Measure, 1945. Excluded CA.M. No. 1, s. 14 para (a).

9 A 10 Geo. 6:

e. 13 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945 Ss. 4, 5 in part, 6, sch. 2, repealed. S. 35 excluded S. 52 amended (retrosp.) S. 57 extended as modified repealed in part with saving. Sch. 2 repealed Sch. 8, paras. 3-4, 10, extended. 89, s. 30, sch. 7. 47, s. 21, sch. 6 Part III para. 6 47, s. 26. 47, s. 32. 47, s. 52 (9), (10). sch. 11 Pan IV. 89, s. 30, sch. 7. 36, s. 28 (7).

c. 15 Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1945. S. 1 applied and extended as modified. 67, s. 69, sch. 11 para. 2.

c. 18 Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945. Applied as modified (E.S.) S. 2 excluded in part ... S. 6 excluded in part (E.S.) S. 10 applied in part as modified, applied as modified S. 10 (substd. s. 2 (4)) excluded in part (S.). Sch. 1 applied as modified saved 32, s. 1 (5), sch. 1 paras. 11-18. 67, s. 26 (5). 74, ss. 8, 18, 31, sch. 1 Part 111, para. 7, sch. 2 Part I para. 10. 32, s. 1 (5), sch. 1 para. 12. 67, s. 28 (7). 74, ss. 8, 18, 31, sch. 1 Part IV, para. 8 (d), sch. 2 Part IV para. 16(c). 67, s. 28 (4). 67, s. 26 (5).

c. 20 Building Materials and Housing Act, 1945. 1 1 S. 6 repealed in part (E.) repealed in part (S.) S. 7 amended and extended (E. N.I.). amended and extended (S). repealed in part (E.) (prosp.). S. 9 extended in part (E. N.I.). extended in part (S.) S. 10 repealed in part ... 60, s. 51, sch. 3 Part II. 61, s. 49, sch. 4 Part II. 60, s. 43. 61, s. 38. 101, s. 46 (2), sch. 7 Part ID. 60, s. 43 (2), (3). 61, s. 38 (2), (3). 61, s. 49, sch. 4 Part II.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxxxvii

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure . of Measure

9 A 10 Geo. 6:

c. 26 Emergency Laws (Tran- S. 7 repealed / 87, s. 106, sch. 2;

sitional Provisions) Act, 1946. \ 88, s. 48, sch. 2.

c. 28 Assurance Companies Act, 1946. Ss. 1, S, repealed in part Sch. 2 Parts I and m 67, s. 70, sch. 12. 67, s. 70, sch. 12.

repealed in part.

Part V extended 67, s. 43 (4).

c. 29 Agriculture (Artificial S. 2 extended^.^ 37, s. 4 (4).

Insemination) Act, 1946. S. 5 repealed in part 37, s. 6 (2).

(retrosp.).

c. 30 Trunk Roads Act, 1946... Applied 32, s. 9 (1).

S. 1 amended 32, s. 14 (4), 15

(2), sch. 1 Part IV.

extended in part ... 32, s. 14 (3.

Ss. 2 in part, 4, repealed 32, s. 14 (6).

with saving. S. 6 amended 32, s. 14 (8).

S. 7 applied in part as modified. 32, s. 8 (2).

Sch. 2 applied 32, s. 14 (1).

c. 34 Furnished Houses (Rent Temporary Act: see s. 13 71, s. 1 (2) sch.

Control) Act, 1946. (3). Continued as amended until 31.3.31. Part II.

Extended 40, ss. 7, 11.

S. 1 applied in part 40, s. 6 (1).

S. 4 repealed in part with 40, s. 12 (4) (a)

saving. (b).

S. 8 applied in part 40, s. 6 (5).

S. 9 repealed in part with 40, s. 12 (4) (c).

saving. S. 11 applied 40, s. 5 (4).

Sch. applied 40, s. 6 (2).

extended in part ... 40, s. 15.

c. 38 Statutory Instruments Applied 87, s. 95 (3);

Act, 1946. 88, s. 37 (3); 90, s. 15 (2), (4).

c. 40 Miscellaneous Financial S. 2 extended 36, ss. 5, 10 (6),

Provisions Act, 1946. 18 (2), 21 (3), 22 (5), 30 (2),

S. 3 applied sch. 3, para. 6. 17, s. 3 (3).

c. 42 Water (Scotland) Act, S. 3 extended in part ... 31, s. 32.

1946. S. 6 amended 31, s. 36 (1).

S. 11 saved 31, s. 25 (2).

amended 31, s. 36 (2).

S. 12 applied 31, s. 24 (5).

Ss. 14-13 explained 31, s. 32.

S. 16 extended 31, ss. 22 (1), (2),

23 (1).

repealed in part ... 31, ss. 22 (4), 39,

sch. 2 Part 11.

explained 31, s. 32.

S. 19 amended 31, ss. 30 (6), 36

(3).

S. 21 extended 31, ss. 22 (3), 23

1 repealed in part ... (1). 31, ss. 30, 39,

sch. 2 Part II.

1 1 : 1 S. 24 amended 31, s. 31.

| J S. 26 amended 31, s. 36(4).

lxxxviii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject i How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 42 Water (Scotland) Act, S. 28 amended 31, s. 36 (5).

1946—cont. extended 31, s. 34 (4).

S. 32 amended 31, s. 36 (6).

S. 33 amended 31, s. 36 (7).

S. 37 amended S. 39 repealed 31, s. 36(8). 31, s. 39, sch. 2

Part II.

S. 42 extended 31, s. 23 (1).

amended 31, s. 36 (9).

S. 44 amended S. 45 repealed 31, s. 36 (10). 31, s. 39. sch. 2

Part II.

S. 52 restricted 31, s. 27 (1).

saved in part 31, s. 27 (3).

S. 55 applied in part 55, s. 7 (4).

(prosp.).

appliocUnpart as 75, ss. 70 (2), 82

Ss. 56-57 applied in part (1). 55, s. 7 (4).

{prosp.). S. 67 restricted 31, s. 27 (1).

S. 72 applied in part ... 31, s. 24 (2).

S. 83 applied 31, s. 34(3).

S. 84 amended 31, ss. 34 (1), 36

(11) (a), (6), (c).

repealed in part... 31, ss. 36 (11)

(</), 39. sch. 2 Part n.

S. 88 extended amended repealed in part ... 31, s. 35 (1). 31, s. 36 (12). 31, s. 39, sch. 2

Part II. 31, ss. 11 (5), 38

Sch. 1 Part II applied ...

(3).

Sch. 3 para. 7 extended... 31, s. 34 (2).

Sch. 4 s. 7 amended ... 31, s. 36 (13).

c. 44 Patents and Designs Act, 1946. Ss. 1-3, 5, repealed / 87, s. 106, sch. 2. \ 88, s. 48, sch. 2.

S. 4 saved 87, s. 106, sch. 3

Ss. 6-8 repealed in part... para. 25. f 87, s. 106, sch. 2. \88,s.48,sch.2.

c. 48 Housing (Financial and Extended 60, s. 49 (1) (6).

Miscellaneous Provi- S. 1 extended in part ... 60, s. 48, sch. 2

sions) Act, 1946. Part II para. 12.

S. 4 amended restricted in part ... extended in part ... 60, ss. 37-39. 60, s. 38 (2). 60, s. 48, sch. 2

Part II para. 13.

S. 5 amended extended in part ... 60, ss. 37-39. 60, s. 48, sch. 2

Part II para. 14.

S. 6 extended 60, s. 48, sch. 2

Part II para. 15.

S. 8 amended 60, s. 48, sch. 2

Part II para. 16.

1 S. 16 extended 60, s. 32.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

lxxxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

9 & 10 Geo. 6 : c. 49 Acquisition of Land Act, except s. 2, applied as 26, s. 5 (7).

(Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946. modified. Applied (London) 32, s. 22 (6).

c. 54 Housing (Financial Pro- Applied as modified (E.) Act, except s. 2, applied (E.). Applied Applied in part as modified. Applied as modified ... S. 1 amended S. 3 restricted Sch. 1 Part III para. 15 amended as applied. S. 1 extended 59, s. 3 (4). 72, s. 7 (1). 74, s. 14(1). 74, s. 27 (3). 97, s. 103 (2), (4), (6). 67, ss. 23 (3), 28 (6). 67, s. 23 (3). 74, s. 14 (2). 61, s. 26 (1) (a).

visions) (Scotland) Act, repealed in part ... 61, ss. 1, 37, 49,

c. 58 1946. Borrowing (Control and repealed in part with saving. amended S 2 extended S. 3 extended S. 4 extended S. 14 extended S. 16 extended in part ... S. 17 repealed in part ... S. 20 amended Sch. applied as modified schs. 1, 3, 4 Part II. 61, s. 49, sch. 4 Parti. 61, s. 37, sch. 3. 61, s 26(1) (6) 61, s. 26 (1) (a). 61, s. 26 (1) (6). 61, s. 20. 61, s. 46. 61, ss. 1, 49, schs. 1, 4 Part 11. 61, s. 37, sch. 3. 36. ss. 24 (8), 36

Guarantees) Act, 1946. (E.S.). (3).

c. 59 Coal Industry Nationali- S. 2 amended 53, s. 1 (I).

sation Act, 1946. extended in part ... 53, s. 1 (2), (4).

c. 60 Superannuation Act, 1946 S. 3 extended in part ... S. 22 extended S. 23 repealed S. 28 extended in part ... S. 33 repealed in part ... S. 34 extended in part ... S. 37 restricted (retrosp.) extended repealed in part {retrosp.). S. 61 applied in part ... S. 63 restricted in part... S. 64 amended S. 2 excluded 53, s. 2 (1). 79, s. 1. 53, s. 6. 79, s. 1 (7). 53, s. 6. 79, s. 1 (4). 53, s. 4 (1). 53, s. 4 (2), (4). 53, s. 4 (3). 53, s. 3 (4). 53, s. 2 (1). 53, s. 7. 44, ss. 35 (3),

c. 62 National Insurance (In- S. 89 saved in part 36 (5). 53, s. 5 (4) (

dustrial Injuries) Act, Sch. 6 para. 4 repealed in 47, s. 52, sch. 11

1946. part. Part V.

c. 63 British North America Applied as modified (Newfoundland). 22, s. 1, sch.

Act, 1946. para. 3.

c. 64 Finance Act, 1946 S. 12 excluded in part (E.) 59, s. 3 (2) (a).

applied in part as modified, extended in part ... S. 13 excluded in part (S.) S. 14 repealed 59, s, 37, 1 84, s. 14. 59, s. 3 (2) (a), 1 (8) id). 1 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

xc

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 64 ...

e. 67 ...

Finance Act, 1946—cont.

National Insurance Act, 1946.

S. 27 amended

repealed in part ...

S. 34 amended

Ss. 46 and 49 repealed in part with saving.

S. 52 saved

Sch. 2 repealed

Sch. 10 Parts I and II, Part III in part, repealed with saving.

S. 69 saved in part

Sch. 3 para. 5 (1) ( t), substituted.

Sch. 7 para 4, repealed in part.

47, s. 24 (1), (3)

47, s. 24 (I), (3)

(*).

47, s. 20 (3).

47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11 Part IV

91, s. 27 (2).

89, s. 30, sch. 7.

47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch.ll Part IV.

f 39, s. 6 (6).

172, s. 40 (6).

56, s. 1.

47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part V.

c. 68

c. 70

New Towns Act, 1946 ...

S. 2 restricted in part S. 5 restricted ... amended ...

Civil Aviation Act, 1946

Repealed...

59, s. 3 (5).

59, s. 3 (5).

59, s. 4 (1), (2). 67, s. 70, sch. 12. 91, s. 41, sch. 3.

c. 72 ...

c. 73 ...

c. 75 ...

c. 80 ..

... Education (Scotland) Act,

1946.

... Hill Farming Act, 1946...

... Public Works Loans I (No. 2) Act, 1946.

Ss. 3, 11, 17 amended; 20 substituted; 23 amended.

S. 24 amended

S. 32 amended

excluded in (prosp.).

S. 33 substituted excluded in

(prosp.). S. 35 amended .

part

part

S. 38 extended (prosp.). Ss. 39-40 amended

S. 43 amended

Ss. 44 repealed in part; 45-46, 48 amended; 49A added; 55-59, 70, 77,81 amended; 97 repealed in part; 98, 103, 123, 125, 136, amended; 140 sub-

stituted; 143 amended Sch. 7 amended S. 142 repealed in part (prosp.).

19, s. 5, sch. Part I.

19, s. 2.

19, s. 5, sch.

Parti.

94,8.69(2).

19, s. 3.

94, s. 69 (2).

19. s. 5, sch.

Parti.

94, s. 72.

19, s. 5, sch.

Parti.

19, s. 4(1), (2).

,19, s. 5. sch.

Part I.

19, s. 1.

94, s. 79, sch. 12.

S. 9 substituted (S.)

saved in part (S.) ... S. 39 repealed in part ...

S. 2 applied and amended

75, s. 94, sch. 7. 75, s. 8 (3).

75, ss. 97-99, sch. 8.

82, s. 2.

... Atomic Energy Act, 1946

S. 12 amended

Sch. 1 para. 9 repealed in part.

87, s. 106 (3).

42. s. 10 (4), sch.

2.

A.D. 1949 Effect of Legislation xci

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

How affected

Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

9 & 10 Geo. 6: c. 81 ...

National Health Service Act, 1946.

C.A.M. No. 3

Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure, 1946.

10 & 11 Geo. 6: c. 3

c. 7

Unemployment and Family Allowances (Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 1946.

Pensions (Increase) Act, 1947.

Extended

Explained

S. 1 amended

Ss. 5, 21-22 amended ...

S. 23 explained in part amended

Part IV (ss. 31-48) modified (medical partnerships).

Ss. 31-32 amended

S. 33 amended

S. 34 excluded extended S. 35 explained ' ’

restricted 0 .).

S. 36 applied as modified

S. 38 amended S. 40 amended S. 41 amended S. 46 amended

S. 54 amended

S. 66 amended

S. 67 amended

extended

S. 80 extended in part... Schs. 1, 3 Part IV, 5, 7 amended.

Sch. 9 Part I repealed in part ( prosp.).

Sch. 10 amended

S. 1 amended (powers of diocesan committee transferred to Pastoral Committee).

S. 4 amended

S. 6 amended

S. 7 amended

Repealed

Applied as modified

Excluded

S. 3 restricted in part

93, s. 17 (1).

93, s. 21 (1).

93, ss. 17 (1), 28. 93, s. 29 (1), sch.

Parti.

93, s. 22 (1).

93, s. 29 (1), sc l.

Parti.

93, ss. 1-8.

93, s. 29(1),sch. , Parti.

93, ss. 10, 14 (1), 29 (1), sch. Part I.

93, s. 3 (1).

93, s. 15.

93, s. 8.

93, ss. 1 (3), 4, 5 0), 6 (1).

93, ss. 1 (4), (7), 3 (2). 4 (1), 6 (2), (5).

93, ss. 14 (2), 16. 93, ss. 11, 14(3). 93, s. 14 (4).

93, s. 29 (1), sch.

Parti. f73, s. 4 (1).

93, s. 29(1), sch. 1 Parti.

93, s. 12.

93, s. 29 (1), sch.

Part I.

93, ss. 18 (1), 19. 93, s. 32 (3).

93, s. 29 (1), sch.

Parti.

101, s. 46 <?), sch. 7, Part in. 93, s. 29 (1), sch. Part I.

C.A.M. No. 3, s. 1 (2).

C.A.M. No. 4, ss. 1, 2 (1).

C.A.M. No. 4, s. 3.

C.A.M. No. 4, s. 4.

23, s. 2 (2).

44, s. 48 (3).

44, s. 48 (4).

44. s. 48 (1), «2).

xcii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

10 & 11 Geo. 6: c. 10

c. 15 ... c. 18 ... c. 21 ...

Chapter of 1949

Short title or Subject

How affected

Act or number of Measure

House of Commons (Re* distribution of Seats) Act, 1947.

Agricultural Wages (Regulation) Act, 1947.

Air Navigation Act, 1947

Repealed (prosp.).

Repealed (S.) ... Repealed

66, ss. 8(1), 9 (2), sch. 3.

30, s. 18, sch. 4.

67, s. 70, sch. 12.

Forestry Act, 1947

... S. 1 applied in part as modified.

S. 2 applied

S. 3 applied in part as modified.

97, s. 16 (4).

97, ss. 16 (4), 64 (4).

97, s. 16 (5) (c).

c. 27

... National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Extended

Explained

S. 1 amended

Ss. 5, 15,22 amended ...

S. 23 explained in part... Part IV (ss. 32-48) modified (medical partnerships).

Ss. 32-33 amended

S. 34 amended

S. 35 extended

excluded

S. 36 explained

restricted (retrosp.)

S. 37 applied as modified

S. 39 amended ... S. 40 amended ... S. 42 amended ... S. 51 amended ...

S. 54 amended ...

S. 65 amended

S. 66 amended

extended

extended in part... Sch. 1 amended

amended (S.) (prosp.). Schs. 2, 4 Part IV, 6 amended Sch. 8 amended Sch. 9 repealed in part...

Sch. 11 Part I repealed in part.

93, s. 17 (2).

93, s. 21 (2).

93, ss. 17 (1), (2), 28.

93, s. 29 (1), sch.

Part II.

93, s. 22 (2).

93, ss. 1-9.

93, s. 29 (1), sch.

Part II.

93, ss. 10, 14 (1), 29 (1), sch.

Part II.

93, s. 15.

93, ss. 3 (1),9(2). 93, ss. 8, 9 (2). 93, ss. 1 (3), 4 5(l),6(l)-9(2). 93, ss. 1 (4) (7), 3 (2). 4 (1), 6 (2) (5), 9 (2). 93, ss. 11, 14 (3). 93, ss. 14 (2), 16. 93, s. 14 (4).

19, s. 5, sch.

Part II.

93, s. 29 (1), sch. Part n; 95. s. 5 (1).

93, s. 12.

93, s. 29 (1), sch. Part II.

93, ss. 18 (1) (5), 19.

94, s. 63 (5).

93, s. 29 (1) sch. Part II.

94, s. 77, sch. 11. 93, s. 29 (1). sch.

Part II.

93, s. 20 (1), (3). 47, s. 52, sch. 11 Part V.

19, s. 5, sch. Part II.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xdii

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

c. 35 Finance Act, 1947 Ss. 8 in part, 9 repealed 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

Part IV (ss. 30-48) 64, s. 1 (1).

amended. S. 31 amended 64, s. 1 (5), sch.

S. 36 amended 64, s. 1 (1) (6),

(3), (4).

S. 38 amended 64, s. 1 (4).

S. 39-40 amended 64, s. 1 (5), sch.

Ss. 49, SO in part, repealed 47,s.52(9), (10),

with saving. sch. 11 Part IV.

S. 52 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52 (9), (10),

sch. 11 Part V.

S. 54 amended 47, ss. 34, 36

(1M3).

I i S. 55 repealed in part ... 47,8.52(9), (10),

1 1 sch. 11 Part V.

S. 56 repealed in part ... 21,s.l (5), sch. 2; 47, s. 52 (9), (10), sch. 11

Part V.

S. 57 repealed in part ... 91, s. 41, sch. 3.

S. 58 repealed in part ... 47, s. 52(9), (10),

sch. 11 Part V.

Ss. 60-62 repealed with 47, ss. 34, 52 (9)

saving. (10), sch. 11 Part V.

S. 72 applied Sch. 9 Part I, para. 3 13, s. 14. 64, s. 1 (5), sch.

c. 36 amended.

Education (Exemptions) Temporary Act: see s. 2 71, s. 1 (1), sch.

(Scotland) Act, 1947. (2). Continued until 31.12.50. Parti.

c. 41 Fire Services Act, 1947. S. 30 saved in part. 29, s. 4 (1) (a).

c. 42 Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Pro- Applied as modified ... Act,except2, applied ... 59, s. 3 (4), (8) (a) 72, ss. 7 (1), 60

cedure) (Scotland) Act, (2).

1947. Applied 74, ss. 14 (1) (3),

27 (3) (6).

Applied as modified 94, s. 52 (2).

(prosp.).

Applied as modified 97, s. 103 (7).

S. 1 extended in part ... Sch. 1 Part IV para. 15 59, s. 3 (4), (8) (fl) 74, s. 14 (2), (3).

c. 43 amended.

Local Government (Scot- Act, except Part XI, 31, s. 20(1).

land) Act, 1947. extended.

Ss. 7-11, 22-26, 44-46, 68, ss. 175, 176

59 in part, 60-62, repealed. (2), (3), sch. 9.

S. 63 amended 68, s. 169, sch. 8,

para. 5 (4).

repealed in part ... 68, ss. 175, 176

S. 64 amended repealed in part ... Ss. 65-68 repealed (2), (3), sch. 9. 68, s. 169, sch. 8, para. 5 (1). 68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9. 68, ss. 175, 176

(2), (3), sch. 9.

S. 133 amended 68, s. 169, sch. 8.

para. 5 (5).

74367 4 L

xdv

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

c. 43

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947—cont.

Part VH (ss. 146-155) repealed in part.

Part VIII (ss. 156-173) applied in part.

excluded in part ...

S. 156 excluded (acquisition of land for National

31, ss. 9 (7), 39, sch. 2, Part I. 74, s. 22 (1), (3).

84, s. 6 (2), (4). 97, s. 103 (7).

Parks, etc.).

Ss. 163,165-167 excluded

S. 168 applied

S. 187 applied .)... S. 216 applied as modified S. 224 repealed in part...

97, s. 104 (10). 97, s. 104 (11). 101, s. 8 (8) (b). 31, s. 12 (2).

31, s. 39, sch. 2, Parti.

S. 225 repealed in part

31, s. 39, sch. 2, Part I.

extended S. 237 extended in part... Ss. 301-303 applied as modified.

36, s. 35 (3). 31, s. 8 (2). 97, s. 106 (4).

c. 44

c. 48

c. 50 c. 51

Ss. 347, 349, 350 applied (jprosp.).

S. 355 applied in part ...

applied in part (prosp.). applied in part ... S. 363 amended

S. 368 amended

Crown Proceedings Act, 1947.

Agriculture Act, 1947 ...

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1947.

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

Ss. 369,371,374 amended

S. 379 in part, sch. 2, repealed.

S. 3 saved in part

Part I (ss. 1-8) saved ...

S. 51 repealed in part ...

Ss. 98 restricted 31.3.50, 101 saved 31.3.50.

S. 4 continued

S. 4 applied in part

restricted

S. 5 extended in part (Iron and Steel Corporation).

S. 8 applied

S. 9 extended as modified (Iron and Steel Corporation).

Part III (ss. 12-36) modified.

S. 14 applied in part ...

S. 34 applied and saved

Part V (ss. 50-57) applicable by order.

S. 54 applied as modified

S. 60 amended (prosp.) repealed in part ...

55, s. 10 (2).

32, s. 1, sch. 1, paras. 5,12 (2).

55, s. 12 (6).

74, s. 46 (3), (4).

68, s. 169, sch. 8, para. 5 (1).

68, s. 169, sch. 8, para. 5 (6).

68, s. 169, sch. 8, para. 5 (1).

68, ss. 175, 176 (2), (3), sch. 9.

87, s. 21 (2); 88, s. 7 (2).

38, s. 16.

37, s. 10 (3).

55, s. 20 (1).

58, s. 6.

97, s. 8 (2). 97, s. 8 (7). 72,8.7(2).

32, s. 9 (4). 72,8.7(2).

84, s. 10.

32, s. 9 (2).

97, s. 102 (5).

67, s. 30, sch. 4 Part I para. 2. 84, s. 8 (1) (6). 42, s. 1 (3) (d). 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xcv

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Act or number of Measure

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

c. 51 Town and Country Plan- Part VII (ss. 69-74) ex- 26, s. 7 (1).

ning Act, 1947—cont. cluded.

S. 73 applied in part ... 26, s. 5 (8) (c).

S. 82 saved 26, s. 7 (3).

S. 94 excluded 97, s. 97 (5).

S. 103 applied in part ... 32, ss. 11 (2), 1*

(3).

S. 104 applied 97, s. 109 (1).

S. 105 applied 97, s. 109 (2).

S. 110 repealed in part 42,s. 10(4), sch. 2.

S. Ill extended 97, s. 9 (2).

Sch. 1 Part II applied ... 97, s. 8 (3).

Part III extended 97, s. 8 (4).

Sch. 4 paras. 1,3, applied 32, s. 13 (2).

Sch. 8 repealed in part Sch. 11 repealed in part 67, s. 70, sch. 12. 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2. 84, s. 10 (4).

c. 53 Town and Country Plan- Part II (ss. 3-33) modified

ning (Scotland) Act, S. 3 extended in part (Iron 72, ss. 7 (2X

1947. and Steel Corporation). 60(5).

S. 6 applied 32, s. 9 (4).

S. 7 extended as modified 72, ss. 7 (2),

(Iron and Steel Corporation). 60(5).

S. 12 applied in part ... Part IV (ss. 47-54) appli- 32, s. 9 (2). 67, s. 30, sch. 4

1 cable by order. Part III, para. 10.

S. 51 applied as modified 84, s. 8 (1) (6X

(2).

S. 57 amended {prosp.) ... 42, s. 1 (3) (d).

(8) (b).

repealed in part ... 42, s. 10 (4),

sch. 2.

S. 99 applied in part 32, ss. 11 (2) (4),

1 14 (3).

S. 101 applied Ss. 105 in part, 106, 97, s. 109 (2). 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

repealed.

Sch. 4, paras. 1,3, applied 32, s. 13 (2) (3).

Sch. 8 repealed in part ... Sch. 11 repealed in part... 67, s. 70, sch. 12. 42, s. 10 (4),

sch. 2.

c. 54 Electricity Act, 1947 ... S. 41 extended 36, s. 29.

C.A.M. No. 1 ... Incumbents (Discipline) Excluded C.A.M. No. I,

Measure, 1947. S. 9 applied s. 14, para. (a). C.A.M. No. 1,

s. 8 (3). C.A.M. No. 1,

S. 12 applied

s. 10 (1). C.A.M. No. 1,

S. 13 applied

s. 10 (3). C.A.M. No. 1,

S. 14 applied

ss. 8 (3), 17.

Sch. applied as modified C.A.M. No. 1, s. 8 (2).

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 9 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947 S. 6 amended ... 47, s. 12.

S. 7 amended 64, s. 1 (1).

c. 10 Emergency Laws (Miscel- S. 5 repealed in part ... /87,s. 106,sch. 2. \88, s.48, sch. 2. 101, s. 46 (2), 1 sch. 7 Part III.

laneous Provisions) Act, 1947. Sch. 2 para. 5 (2) repealed (E.) {prosp.).

74367 4 L 2

xcri

Effect of Legislation

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1949

Act or number

of Measure

11 & 12 Geo. 6: c. 15

c. 22

c. 24

c 26

Overseas Resources Development Act, 1948. Water Act, 1948

Police Pensions Act, 1948

Local Government Act, 1948.

c. 29 ...

c. 33 ...

c. 38

National Assistance Act, 1948.

Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948.

Companies Act, 1948 ...

S. 12 amended

S. 14 repealed in part ... S. 4 amended (S.)

Part 1 (ss. 1-16) extended

Part H (ss. 17-32) extended.

extended in part...

S. 49 amended ...

repealed in part ...

S. 50 repealed in part ...

S. 62 amended (prosp.) ... repealed in part ...

S. 67 repealed in part ...

Part V (ss. 85-110) amended (S.) (retrosp.).

S. 85 saved (S.)

S. 87 amended (prosp.)... repealed in part ...

Part VI (ss. 111-119), except s. 114, applied as modified.

S. 44 repealed in part (prosp.)

Sch. 2 paras. 1, 4, 5, 6 in part, applicable by regulations.

S. 1 amended as to rules (prosp.)

S. 2 extended ...

S. 23 excluded in part

S. 28 excluded ...

S. 66 amended ...

Ss. 67-68 excluded

S. 69 modified ...

excluded in part

Ss. 70-71 excluded

S. 134 excluded ...

S. 143 applied ...

65, s. 1 (1).

60, s. 51, sch. 3 Part II.

94, s. 77, sch. 11. f27, s. 15.

36, s. 33.

60, s. 49 (1) (a). 69, s. 20 (3).

84, s. 18 (1).

1 101, s. 43 (1). *31, s. 37.

36, s. 33.

59, s. 15 (3). v.84, s. 18 (1).

101, s. 43 (1).

42, s. 1 (3) (e). 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

42, s. 1 (3) (e). 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

31, s. 17 (4).

31, s. 17 (1).

42, s. 1 (3) (e). 42, s. 10 (4), sch. 2.

59, s. 15 (1).

101, s. 46 (2) sch. 7 Part II. 63, s. 4 (5).

101, ss. 10 (7), 23 (9), sch. 2 para. 8 (6).

44, s. 43 (1).

72, s. 50, sch. 9 para. 7.

72, s. 50, sch. 9 para. 1.

72, s. 50, sch. 9 para. 8.

72, s. 50, sch. 9 para. 8 (c).

72, s. 50, sch. 9 para. 8 (a).

72, s. 50, sch. 9 para. 8 (b).

72, s. 50, sch. 9 para. 8 (c).

72, s. 50, sch. 9 para. 2.

72, s. 50, sch. 9 para. 3 proviso (b).

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xcvii

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 38 Companies Act, 1948— S. 162 applied in part ... 72, s. 50, sch. 9

com. para. 3 proviso

• S. 184 extended \ 72, s. 50, sch. 9

excluded in part... / para. 5.

S. 339 repealed in part 47, s. 52, sch. 11

Part V.

S. 443 repealed (prosp.) 94, s. 79, sch. 12

S. 444 repealed in part (E.) 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) sch. 7 Part III.

c. 39 Industrial Assurance and S. 18 repealed in part with 47, s. 52, sch. 11

Friendly Societies Act, 1948. saving. Part IV.

c. 43 Children Act, 1948 S. 2 amended 98, s. 11 (4).

S. 26 repealed in part 101,s.46(2), sch.

(prosp.) S. 37 excluded in part ... S. 39 applied in part ... S. 59. Definition of " re- 7 Part U. 98, s. 5 (3). 98, s. 7 (3). 98, s. 13.

lative " amended.

Sch. 3 repealed in part 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

(prosp.)

c. 45 Agriculture (Scotland) Part I (ss. 1-25), except 75, ss. 97-99,

Act, 1948. ss. 8, and 25 in pan, repealed with saving. sch. 8.

Part n (ss. 26-38) saved 75, s. 99 (8).

S. 27 applied 75, s. 28.

S. 39 restricted (prosp.)... S. 42 saved (prosp.) W 8.20(3).

S. 84 in pan, schs. 1-2, 3 75, ss. 97-99,

in part, 4, repealed with saving. sch. 8.

Schs. 5-6 applied 75, s. 93 (2).

Sch. 9 repealed with 75, ss. 97-99,

saving. sch. 8.

c. 46 Employment and Train- S. 3 extended in pan ... 37, s. 8 (5).

ing Act, 1948.

c. 49 Finance Act, 1948 Ss. 2, 4-5 in part. 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

repealed with saving sch. 11 Part 111.

S. 14 saved in part 47, s. 12.

S. 17 amended (retrosp.) 47, s. 11.

Ss. 18-19 repealed ... 89, s. 30, sch. 7.

Part V (ss. 47-68) ex- 47, s. 49 (1).

tended (N.I.). S. 74 extended (prosp.) ... 72, s. 33, sch. 4

para. 8.

S. 82 amended 47,s.49(l).

Schs. 2, 4, 5, repealed 47, s. 52 (9) (10),

with saving. sch. 11 Part in.

c. 53 Nurseries and Child- S. 13. Definition of 98, s. 13.

Minders Regulation Act, 1948. "relative" amended.

c. 54 Export Guarantees Act, Repealed 14, s. 8.

c. 56 British Nationality Act, Saved 41, s. 3 (1) (a).

1948. Extended 41, s. 3 (1) (b).

Applied in part S. 3extended in part ... 41, s. 5 (3). 41, s. 4.

saved in part Ss. 12,13 excluded in part 67, s. 59 (1). 41, s. 5 (2).

xcviii

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 GfiO. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

1! & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 58 Criminal Justice Act, Act, except s. 8, applied 94, s. 7 (4).

1948. as modified (S.) ( S. 9 excluded (prosp.) ... substituted (prosp.)... S. 10repealed (prosp.)... 94, s. 7 (8). 94, s. 77, sch. 11. 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

S. 19 repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

{prosp.). sch. 7 Part II.

S. 20 repealed in part 51, s. 18 (6).

{prosp). S. 23 amended {p 94, s. 77, sch. 11.

S. 29 repealed in part 51, s. 18 (6).

{prosp.). Ss. 52,57,61,65 amended 94, s. 77, sch. 11.

(prosp.).

S. 70extended {prosp.) Ss. 71, 81, repealed in 101, s. 43 (1). 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

part {prosp.). Sch. 5 extended in part 101, s. 36.

{prosp.). Sch. 7 Part I repealed 94, s. 79, sch. 12.

{prosp.). Sch. 8 para. 1 amended 94, s. 77, sch. 11.

{prosp.).

c. 61 Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 1-2 continued 58, s. 6.

Act, 1948. Ss. 3-4 repealed 58, s. 7, sch. 3.

S. 5 continued in part ... 58, s. 6.

Sch. 3 repealed 58, s. 7, sch. 3.

c. 63 Agricultural Holdings S. 11 amended 37, s. 10 (1) (2).

Act, 1948. S. 47 applied 37, s. 9 (2).

excluded in part ... 37, s. 9 (2),

proviso.

S. 85 repealed in part ... 78, s. 1, sch. 2.

c. 64 National Service Act, S. 25 amended 96, s. 16, sch. 1.

1948.

c. 65 Representation of the S. 1 amended {prosp.) ... 41, s. 6 (1) (5).

People Act, 1948. 68, ss. 174 (2),

repealed in part ... 175, 176 (2) -j (3), sch. 9.

86, s. 5 (3), sch. 2

S. 2 applied in part 41, s. 6 (2) (5).

{prosp.)

repealed 68, ss. 174 (2),

175,176 (2) (3). sch. 9.

S. 3 repealed 66, ss. 8 <1), 9 (2), sch. 3. 68, ss. 174 (2),

S. 4 repealed

175,176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

S. 5 repealed 68, ss. 174 (2),

175,176(2)(3), sch. 9.

Ss. 6-20, repealed 86, s. 5 (3), sch. 3. 68, ss. 174 (2),

175,176(2)0), sch. 9.

S. 21 repealed 68, ss. 174 (2),

175,176(2)0).

sch. 9; 86, s. 5 (3), sch. 3.

A.D. 1949

Effect of Legislation

xcix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 65

Short title or Subject

Representation of the People Act, 1948—cont.

How affected

S. 22 repealed

S. 23 repealed

Ss. 24-31 repealed

Ss. 32-51 repealed

Ss. 52-53 repealed in part

S. 54 repealed

Ss. 55 in part, 56, 58, repealed.

S. 59 repealed in part ...

Ss. 60-61, 62 in part, 64, 66-71, repealed.

Chapter of 1949 Act or number of Measure

68, ss. 174 (2),

175.176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

68, ss. 174 (2),

175.176 (2) (3), sch. 9; 86, s. 5 (3), sch. 3.

J, ss. 174 (2), 175,176(2) (3), sch. 9.

68, ss. 174 (2), 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

68, ss. 174 (2), 175,176(2)(3), sch. 9.

90, s. 21, sch. ‘68, ss. 174 (2), 175,176(2) (3), sch. 9.

90, s. 21, sch. 'X ss. 174 (2),

175.176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

66, ss. 8(1), 9 (2), sch. 3.

68, ss. 174 (2),

175.176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

S. 72 amended

Ss. 73, 74-80 in part, repealed.

S. 81 in part, sch. 2, repealed.

Schs. 3-5 repealed

Sch. 6 amended

Schs. 7 repealed in part

Sch. 8 repealed

Sch. 9 repealed

Sch. 10 Part 1 repealed in part.

Part 11 repealed in part

Sch. 12 repealed

68, s. 169, sch. 8 para. 5 (1).

68, ss. 174 (2), 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

66, ss. 8(1), 9 (2),

sch. 3.

68, ss. 174 (2), 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

68, s. 169, sch. 8 para. 6.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

47, s. 52 (9) (10), sch. 11 Part V; 68, ss. 175,176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

66, ss. 8 (1), 9 (2), sch. 3.

68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

90, s. 21, sch.

>68, ss. 169, 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 8, para. 5 (1), sch. 9.

I 90, s. 21, sch. 68, ss. 175, 176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

c

Effect of Legislation

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Session and Chapter of 1949

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Act or number

of Measure of Measure

12,13 & 14

Geo. 6:

c. 21 Solicitors, Public Nota- Sch. 1 repealed in part (iretrosp.) 47, ss. 14, 52,

ries, etc. Act, 1949. sch. 11 Parti.

c. 26 Public Works (Festival S. 1 extended in part ... 102, s. 7 (1).

of Britain) Act, 1949. S. 5 explained in part ... 102, s. 5 (4).

S. 7 extended 102, s. 5 (2).

S. 8 extended 102, s. 9.

S. 13 extended in part... 102, s. 5 (3).

c. 27 Juries Act, 1949 Ss. 6, 9, repealed in part 101, s. 46 (2),

(prosp.) sch. 7 Part HI.

c. 39 Commonwealth Tele- S. 6 extended in part ... 44, s. 53.

graphs Act, 1949.

c. 41 Ireland Act, 1949 S. 6 repealed 68, ss. 174 (2),

175,176 (2) (3), sch. 9.

c. 42 Lands Tribunal Act, Applied as modified ... S. 1 extended 74, s. 27 (3).

1949. 74, s. 24.

c. 57 Airways Corporations Repealed 91, s. 41, sch. 3.

Act, 1949.

c. 59 Licensing Act, 1949 ... S. 12 applied (prosp.) 101, s. 12 (2).

c. 62 Patents and Designs Act, Act, except s. 49, sch. f 87, s. 106, sch. 2.

1949. 1 in part, repealed. 1 88, s. 48, sch. 2.

c. 67 Civil Aviation Act, 1949 References to B.S.A.A.C. 91, s. 31 (2).

saved.

S. 8 applied in part S. 13 saved as to Orders 91, s. 26 (3). 91, s. 7 (3).

in Council.

S. 53 saved 87, s. 70 (2).

S. 58 extended 91, s. 26 (4).

c. 68 Representation of the Ss. 3, 7 in part, repealed 86, s. 5 (3), sch. 3.

People Act, 1949. with saving. S. 8 amended (E. S.) ... 86, s. 2 (1).

Ss. 29, 32, extended in 86, s. 2, sch. 1

part. para. 5.

Ss.42,45 in part, extended 86, s. 2, sch. 1,

para. 1.

S. 48 extended in part... 86, s. 2, sch. 1

para. 2.

Part m (ss. 107-164) 90, s. 8 (5).

applied in part S. 123 applied in part ... S. 140 applied in part ... S. 141 extended as 90, s. 5 (3) (4). 90, s. 9 (1). 90, s. 10 (1).

modified. S. 152 saved Sch. 1 repealed with saving

90, s. 9 (1). 86, s. 5 (3), sch. 3.

Sch. 2, Parliamentary

Elections Rules

8 and 38, amended.

Local Elections Rules 6 and 33 >86, s. 2, sch. 1.

amended.

Sch. 3, Scottish Election

Rules 5 and 31, amended.

Sch. 8 repealed in part... "90, s. 21, sch.

c. 87 Patents Act, 1949 S. 100 extended (regis- 88, s. 42.

tered designs).

c. 98 Adoption of Children S. 4 repealed 100, s. 7 (3).

Act, 1949. 101, s. 21 (1)

c. 99 Married Women (Maintenance) Act, 1949. S. 4 applied (prosp.)

C.A.M. No. 3... Pastoral Reorganisation S. 6 repealed in part ... 76, s. 79 (1),

Measure, 1949. sch. 5 Part II.

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1949

[Index removed.]

