THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES

1968

with Lists of the Public General Acts and Local Acts and a Table of the Effect of Legislation and an Index

[IN TWO PARTS]

PART I

LONDON

HER MAJESTY’ STATIONERY OFFICE

1969

Price £11. 10s. Od. net

(for both parts)

Printed by Harry Pitchforth.

Controller of Her Majesty’s Stationery Office and Queen’s Printer of Acts of Parliament

SBN 11 840017 7

c

The Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures which received the Royal Assent in 1968 in which year ended the Sixteenth and began the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Second and ended the Second Session and began the Third Session of the Forty-Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

e

CONTENTS

PART I

Page

Table I: Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1968 - g

---

Table II: Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1968 ... j

Table III: Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1968 ... m

Table IV: Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of 1968 o

Thb Public General Acts of 1968, cc. 1-48 1

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of 1968 dxxi

PART II

Page

Table I: Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1968 ... g

Table II: Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1968 ...

Table III: Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1968 ...

Table IV: Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of 1968 o

The Public General Acts of 1968, cc. 49-77 1263

The Church Assembly Measures of 1968, Nos. 1-2 2427

Table V: Tables of the Derivations of the Consolidation Acts of 1968 i

Table VI: Effect of Legislation xlv

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of 1968 clxxi

g

TABLE I

Alphabetical List of

the Public General Acts of 1968

Administration of Justice Act (c. 5)

Adoption Act (c. 53)

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 34)

Air Corporations Act (c. 30)

Appropriation Act (c. 43)

British Standard Time Act (c. 45)

Capital Allowances Act (c. 3)

Caravan Sites Act (c. 52)

Civil Aviation Act (c. 61)

Civil Evidence Act (c. 64)

Clean Air Act (c. 62)

Commonwealth Immigrants Act (c. 9)

Commonwealth Telecommunications Act (c. 24)

Consolidated Fund Act (c. 1)

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act (c. 15)

Consular Relations Act (c. 18)

Countryside Act (c. 41)

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act (c. 20)

Criminal Appeal Act (c. 19)

Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act (c. 21)

Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Amendment Act

(c. 33)

Customs (Import Deposits) Act (c. 74)

Design Copyright Act (c. 68)

Domestic and Appellate Proceedings (Restriction of Publicity) Act (c. 63)

Education Act (c. 17)

Education (No. 2) Act (c. 37)

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act (c. 4) ...

Expiring Laws Continuance Act (c. 76) Export Guarantees Act (c. 26)

Part Page

I 150

II 1379

I 791

I 685

I 955

I 1140

II 1368

II 1501

II 1543

II 1523

I 169

I 601

I 259

I 342

I 873

I 401

I 365

I 435

I 786

II 2379

II 1857

II 1539

I 330

I 852

I 135

II 2399

I 605

h

Alphabetical List

Family Allowances and National Insurance Act (c. 40) Part I Page 865

Finance Act (c. 44) . •. I 1011

Firearms Act (c. 27) ... I 611

Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act (c. 55) ... II 1413

Gaming Act (c. 65) II 1567

Gas and Electricity Act (c. 39) ... I 859

Health Services and Public Health Act (c. 46) I 1143

Hearing Aid Council Act (c. 50) ... II 1353

Highlands and Islands Development (Scotland) Act (c. 51) ... II 1366

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act (c. 31) ... I 687

Hovercraft Act (c. 59) ... II 1457

Industrial Expansion Act (c. 32) I 769

International Monetary Fund Act (c. 58) ... n 1454

International Organisations Act (c. 48) ... i 1247

Justices of the Peace Act (c. 69) ... ii 1859

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act (c. 70) ii 1883

Legitimation (Scotland) Act (c. 22) Local Authorities* Mutual Investment Act (c. 25) ... i 463

• i 602

London Cab Act (c. 7) ... i 159

Maintenance Orders Act (c. 36) i 850

Mauritius Independence Act (c. 8) • •. i 163

Medicines Act (c. 67) •. • ii 1691

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act (c. 75) ... ii 2395

National Loans Act (c. 13) i 203

New Towns (Scotland) Act (c. 16) ... i 261

Overseas Aid Act (c. 57) ... ii 1448

Prices and Incomes Act (c. 42) i 935

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act (c. 2) •. • i 3

Public Expenditure and Receipts Act (c. 14) ... i 249

Race Relations Act (c. 71) u 1921

Rent Act (c. 23) •.. i 469

Restrictive Trade Practices Act (c. 66) ... ii 1673

Revenue Act (c. 11) ... i 178

Alphabetical List

i

Part Page

Sale of Venison (Scotland) Act (c. 38) I 856

Sea Fisheries Act (c. 77) ... II 2401

Sewerage (Scotland) Act (c. 47) I 1211

Social Work (Scotland) Act (c. 49) ... II 1263

Swaziland Independence Act (c. 56) ... II 1441

Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act (c. 12) I 187

Theatres Act (c. 54) ... II 1393

Theft Act (c. 60) ... n 1465

Town and Country Planning Act (c. 72) ... n 1955

Trade Descriptions Act (c. 29) i 659

Transport Act (c. 73) ... ii 2097

Transport Holding Company Act (c. 10) i 176

Trustee Savings Banks Act (c. 6) i 153

Water Resources Act (c. 35) i 848

Wills Act (c. 28) i 657

j

TABLE II

Chronological List of

the Public General Acts of 1968

Chapter Part Page

1 Consolidated Fund Act I 1

*2 Provisional Collection of Taxes Act I 3

*3 Capital Allowances Act I 9

4 Erskine Bridge Tolls Act I 135

5 Administration of Justice Act I 150

6 Trustee Savings Banks Act I 153

7 London Cab Act I 159

8 Mauritius Independence Act I 163

9 Commonwealth Immigrants Act I 169

10 Transport Holding Company Act I 176

11 Revenue Act I 178

12 Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act I 187

13 National Loans Act I 203

14 Public Expenditure and Receipts Act I 249

15 Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act I 259

*16 New Towns (Scotland) Act I 261

17 Education Act I 330

18 Consular Relations Act I 342

*19 Criminal Appeal Act I 365

*20 Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act I 401

*21 Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act I 435

22 Legitimation (Scotland) Act I 463

*23 Rent Act I 469

24 Commonwealth Telecommunications Act I 601

25 Local Authorities* Mutual Investment Trust Act ... I 602

*26 Export Guarantees Act I 605

*27 Firearms Act I 611

28 Wills Act I 657

29 Trade Descriptions Act I 659

* Consolidation Act.

Chronological List

k

Chapter Part Page

30 Air Corporations Act I 685

*31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)]Act I 687

32 Industrial Expansion Act I 769

33 Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies)]Amendment Act * I 786

34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act I 791

35 Water Resources Act I 848

36 Maintenance Orders Act I 850

37 Education (No. 2) Act I 852

38 Sale of Venison (Scotland) Act I 856

39 Gas and Electricity Act I 859

40 Family Allowances and National Insurance Act I 865

41 Countryside Act I 873

42 Prices and Incomes Act I 935

43 Appropriation Act I 955

44 Finance Act I 1011

45 British Standard Time Act I 1140

46 Health Services and Public Health Act I 1143

47 Sewerage (Scotland) Act I 1211

48 International Organisations Act I 1247

49 Social Work (Scotland) Act II 1263

50 Hearing Aid Council Act II 1353

51 Highlands and Islands (Development) (Scotland) Act II 1366

52 Caravan Sites Act II 1368

53 Adoption Act II 1379

54 Theatres Act II 1393

55 Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act... II 1413

56 Swaziland Independence Act II 1441

57 Overseas Aid Act II 1448

58 International Monetary Fund Act II 1454

59 Hovercraft Act II 1457

60 Theft Act II 1465

61 Civil Aviation Act II 1501

62 Clean Air Act II 1523

63 Domestic and Appellate Proceedings (Restriction of Publicity) Act II 1539

64 Civil Evidence Act II 1543

65 Gaming Act II 1567

66 Restrictive Trade Practices Act II 1673

67 Medicines Act II 1691

* Consolidation Act.

Chronological List

Chapter Part Page

68 Design Copyright Act ... II 1857

69 Justices of the Peace Act ... II 1859

70 Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (Scotland) II 1883

71 Race Relations Act ... II 1921

72 Town and Country Planning Act ... II 1955

73 Transport Act ... II 2097

74 Customs (Import Deposits) Act ... II 2379

75 Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act ... II 2395

76 Expiring Laws Continuance Act ... II 2399

77 Sea Fisheries Act ... ... II 2401

m

TABLE III

Alphabetical List of

the Local and Personal Acts of 1968

Chapter No.

Advocates* Widows* and Orphans* Fund Order Confirmation Act ... Airdrie Court House Commissioners (Dissolution) Order Confirmation Act

All Saints, Streatham Act

Birmingham Corporation Act

Brighton Marina Act

British Railways Act

British Railways (Mersey Railway Extensions) Act

Cheshire County Council Act

Christ Church with Saint Andrew and Saint Michael Act

City of London (Various Powers) Act

Crosby Corporation Act

Durban Navigation Collieries Act

Durham County Council Act

Ely Ouse-Essex Water Act

Epping Forest (Waterworks Comer) Act

Felixstowe Dock and Railway Act

Great Northern London Cemetery Company Act

Greater London Council (General Powers) Act

Greater London Council (Money) Act

Greater London Council (Vauxhall Cross Improvements) Act

Holy Trinity, West Hampstead Act

Hounslow Corporation Act

Lancashire County Council (General Powers) Act

Leicester Corporation Act

London Transport Act

Medway Water (Bewl Bridge Reservoir) Act

Mersey Docks and Harbour Board Act

Mersey Tunnel (Liverpool/Wallesey) Act

Mid-Glamorgan Water Act

Mill Lane, Kirk Ella, Burial Ground Act

Ministry of Housing and Local Government Provisional Orders

Confirmation (Blackpool and Stourbridge) Act

Ministry of Housing and Local Government Provisional Order

Confirmation (West Kent Main Sewerage District) Act

Newcastle upon Tyne Corporation Act

Port of London Act

Royal Bank of Scotland Order Confirmation Act

Royal College of Art Act

Saint George, Botolph Lane Churchyard Act

Saint James and Saint Paul, Plumstead Act

xKv

I

vii xvi

U

xxxiv

XXX?

xxxvi

xi

xxx vii xxiv

xx xxxviii

xxvi ili xix xx vii xxxix xH

XXV

viii xxviii

xxix xl

xviii

xxxiii

xxx

xii

xxxi vi

xxii

xxiii xlii

xxxii xliii

x

XV

xxi

n

Local and Personal Acts

Chapter No,

Saint Mary, Summerstown Act v

Salvation Army Act xiil

Scottish Life Assurance Act iv

Thames Valley Water Act xiv

University of Salford Act ix

University of Wales Institute of Science and Technology Act ... xvii

TABLE IV

Chronological List of

the Church Assembly Measures of 1968

Measures passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during the year 1968

No. 1. Pastoral Measure 1968.

No. 2. Prayer Book (Further Provisions) Measure 1968.

1

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1968

Consolidated Fund Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 1

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on 31st March 1968.

[1st February 1968]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of issue out of the the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply ^Mhe granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on year ending 31st March 1968 the sum of £351,701,000. 31st March 1968.

2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the Power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England the Treasury and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on theto borrow* credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole £351,701,000.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than 31st March 1968, and section 6 of the Treasury Bills Act 1877 (which relates to the 1877 c. 2. renewal of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills.

A

2

Ch. 1

Consolidated Fund Act 1968

Short title.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with any interest payable thereon, out of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund Act 1968.

Ch. 2

3

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 2

An Act to consolidate the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1913 and certain other enactments relating to the provisional collection of taxes or matters connected therewith.

[1st February 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) This section applies only to income tax, purchase tax Temporary

and duties of customs and excise. statutory

effect of

(2) Subject to that, and to the provisions of subsections (4) to House of

(8) below, where the House of Commons passes a resolution Commons

which__ resolutions

affecting

(a) provides for the renewal for a further period of any tax income tax, in force or imposed during the previous financial year purchase tax (whether at the same or a different rate, and whether exd^dirties* with or without modifications) or for the variation or abolition of any existing tax, and

(b) contains a declaration that it is expedient in the public interest that the resolution should have statutory effect under the provisions of this Act,

the resolution shall, for the period specified in the next following subsection, have statutory effect as if contained in an Act of Parliament and, where the resolution provides for the renewal of a tax, all enactments which were in force with reference to that tax as last imposed by Act of Parliament shall during that period have full force and effect with respect to the tax as renewed by the resolution.

4

Ch. 2

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968

In this section references to the renewal of a tax include references to its reimposition, and references to the abolition of a tax include references to its repeal.

(3) The said period is—

(a) in the case of a resolution passed in March or April in

any year, one expiring with 5th August in the same calendar year;

(b) in the case of any other resolution, one expiring at

the end of four months after the date on which it is expressed to take effect or, if no such date is expressed, after the date on which it is passed.

(4) A resolution shall cease to have statutory effect under this section unless within the next twenty-five days on which the House of Commons sits after the day on which the resolution is passed—

(a) a Bill renewing, varying or, as the case may be, abolish-

ing the tax is read a second time by the House, or

(b) a Bill is amended by the House so as to include pro-

vision for the renewal, variation or, as the case may be, abolition of the tax.

(5) A resolution shall also cease to have statutory effect under this section if—

(a) the provisions giving effect to it are rejected during the

passage of the Bill containing them through the House, or

(b) an Act comes into operation renewing, varying or, as

the case may be, abolishing the tax, or

(c) Parliament is dissolved or prorogued.

(6) Where, in the case of a resolution providing for the renewal or variation of a tax, the resolution ceases to have statutory effect by virtue of subsection (4) or (5) above, or the period specified in subsection (3) above terminates, before an Act comes into operation renewing or varying the tax, any money paid in pursuance of the resolution shall be repaid or made good, and any deduction made in pursuance of the resolution shall be deemed to be an unauthorised deduction.

(7) Where any tax as renewed or varied by a resolution is modified by the Act renewing or varying the tax, any money paid in pursuance of the resolution which would not have been payable under the new conditions affecting the tax shall be repaid or made good, and any deduction made in pursuance of the resolution shall, so far as it would not have been authorised under the new conditions affecting the tax, be deemed to be an unauthorised deduction.

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968

Ch. 2

5

(8) When during any session a resolution has had statutory effect under this section, statutory effect shall not be again given under this section in the same session to the same resolution or to a resolution having the same effect

2.—(1) Any payment or deduction made on account of a Payments and temporary tax to which section 1 above applies and within one deductions month after the date of its expiry shall, if the payment or de-duction would have been a legal payment or deduction if the before tax had not expired, be deemed to be a legal payment or renewal, of any deduction, subject to the condition that— JStSn1^ *

(a) if a resolution for the renewal or reimposition of the

tax is not passed by the House of Commons within that month, or such a resolution is passed within that month but ceases to have statutory effect under the said section 1, any money so paid or deducted shall be repaid or made good, and

(b) if the tax is ultimately renewed or reimposed at a

different rate, or with modifications, any amount paid or deducted which could not properly have been paid or deducted under the new conditions affecting the tax shall be repaid or made good.

(2) In this section " temporary tax " means a tax which has been imposed, or renewed or reimposed, for a limited period not exceeding eighteen months, and was in force or imposed during the previous financial year.

3.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Customs effect where the House of Commons passes a resolution pro-811(1 viding for the imposition as from a specified date of any duty of customs or excise, not being a resolution to which statutory dutieTuncfa effect can be given under section 1 of this Act. resolutions

(2) If the duty so imposed is a duty of customs, the Com- statutory8 missioners may require any person who, on or after the specified effect, date, imports or clears from warehouse any goods to which the resolution applies to give security that he will, if and when an Act giving effect to the resolution comes into operation, pay the duty chargeable in respect of the goods under that Act

(3) If the duty is a duty of excise, the Commissioners may make regulations for the purpose of securing the payment of such duty as may by law become chargeable in the event of an Act giving effect to the resolution coming into operation, and may by those regulations apply to the duty and to any trade or business in connection with which the duty may become chargeable and to any person carrying on, or premises used for the purpose of, that trade or business any provision of the excise Acts.

1952 c. 44.

Customs and excise: alteration of rate of drawback where rate of duty altered by resolution having statutory effect.

House of

Commons

resolution

giving

provisional

effect to

motions

affecting

taxation.

1965 c. 25.

1952 c. 10.

Ch. 2 Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968

(4) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with regulations made under this section, he shall be liable to a penalty of £50, and any goods in respect of which the offence was committed shall be liable to forfeiture.

(5) This and the next following section shall be construed as one with the Customs and Excise Act 1952.

4. Where the rate of any duty of customs or excise is altered by any resolution of the House of Commons having statutory effect, and any Bill which has been introduced into the House to give effect to that resolution provides for an alteration of the rate of drawback to be allowed in respect of that duty, then, so long as the resolution continues to have statutory effect, drawback shall be allowed in accordance with the rate provided in the Bill, subject to any necessary adjustment in case the rate of drawback as enacted by Parliament differs from the rate provided in the Bill.

5. —(1) This section shall apply if the House of Commons resolves that provisional statutory effect shall be given to one or more motions to be moved by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or some other Minister, and which, if agreed to by the House, would be resolutions—

(a) to which statutory effect could be given under section 1

of this Act, or

(b) to which section 3 of this Act could be applied, or

(c) in accordance with which assessments to corporation

tax could be made by virtue of section 49(6) of the

Finance Act 1965.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, on the passing of the resolution under subsection (1) above, sections 1 to 3 of this Act, the said section 49(6) and section 492 of the Income Tax Act 1952 (over deductions from preference dividends before passing of annual Act) shall apply as if each motion to which the resolution applies had then been agreed to by a resolution of the House.

(3) Subsection (2) above shall cease to apply to a motion if that motion, or a motion containing the same proposals with modifications, is not agreed to by a resolution of the House (in this section referred to as "a confirmatory resolution") within the next ten days on which the House sits after the resolution under subsection (1) above is passed, and, if it ceases to apply, all such adjustments, whether by way of discharge or repayment of tax, or discharge of security, or otherwise, shall be made as may be necessary to restore the position to

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968

Ch. 2

7

what it would have been if subsection (2) above had never applied to that motion, and to make good any deductions which have become unauthorised deductions.

(4) The enactments specified in subsection (2) above shall have effect as if—

(a) any confirmatory resolution passed within the said period of ten sitting days had been passed when the resolution under subsection (1) above was passed, and

(6) everything done in pursuance of the said subsection (2) by reference to the motion to which the confirmatory resolution relates had been done by reference to the confirmatory resolution,

but any necessary adjustments shall be made, whether by way of discharge or repayment of tax, or modification of the terms of any security, or further assessment, or otherwise, where the proposals in the confirmatory resolution are not the same as those in the original motion to which that resolution relates.

6.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Provisional Collection short title, of Taxes Act 1968. repeals and

saving as

(2) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act are respects

hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column Northern of that Schedule. Ireland.

(3) Nothing in this Act applies to, or affects the Provisional 1913 c. 3. Collection of Taxes Act 1913 in its application to, the House

of Commons of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

8

Ch. 2

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968

Section 6.

SCHEDULE

Repeals

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

3 A 4 Geo. 5. c.3. The Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1913. The whole Act

15 & 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. The Customs and Excise Act 1952. Sections 265 and 269.

c. 44.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2. The Finance Act 1957. Section 9.

c. 49.

1967 c. 54. The Finance Act 1967. Sections 41, except sub* section (5), and 42. In Schedule 16, Part DC

Ch. 3

9

Capital Allowances Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 3

An Act to consolidate Parts X and XI of the Income Tax Act 1952 with related provisions in that Act and subsequent Acts, but without the provisions of the said Part X relating to patents or to agricultural estate management expenditure which is not capital expenditure.

[1st February 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

The Main Reliefs for Capital Expenditure Chapter I

Industrial Buildings and Structures, etc.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where a person initial incurs capital expenditure on the construction of a building allowances, or structure which is to be an industrial building or structure occupied for the purposes of a trade carried on either by that person or by such a lessee as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, there shall be made to the person who incurred the expenditure, for the chargeable period mentioned in subsection (4) below, an allowance (in this Chapter referred to as " an initial allowance ").

(2) An initial allowance shall be of an amount equal to three-twentieths of the capital expenditure mentioned in subsection

(1) above:

A*

10

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part 1 Chapter I

Writing-down

allowances.

Provided that this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act

(3) The lessees mentioned in subsection (1) above are lessees occupying the building or structure on the construction of which the expenditure was incurred under a lease to which the relevant interest as defined in section 11 of this Act is reversionary.

(4) The chargeable period mentioned in subsection (1) above shall, in the case of a person incurring expenditure, be the chargeable period related to the incurring of that expenditure:

Provided that where the first use to which the building or structure is put is a use by a person occupying it by virtue of a tenancy to which the relevant interest is reversionary, and the tenancy begins after the incurring of the expenditure, the said chargeable period shall be the chargeable period in which the tenancy begins.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in this section, no initial allowance shall be made in respect of any expenditure if. when the building or structure comes to be used, it is not an industrial building or structure, and where an initial allowance has been granted in respect of any expenditure otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of this section, all such assessments shall be made as are necessary to secure that effect is given to those provisions.

(6) Any expenditure incurred for the purposes of a trade by a person about to carry it on shall be treated for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this section as if it had been incurred by that person on the first day on which he does carry it on.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where—

(a) any person is, at the end of a chargeable period or its basis period, entitled to an interest in a building or structure, and

(b) at the end of the said chargeable period or its basis

period, the building or structure is an industrial building or structure, and

(c) that interest is the relevant interest in relation to the

capital expenditure incurred on the construction of that building or structure,

an allowance (in this Chapter referred to as "a writing-down allowance ") shall be made to him for the said chargeable period.

(2) The writing-down allowance shall be equal to one-twenty-fifth (or, where the expenditure was incurred before 6th November 1962, one-fiftieth) of the expenditure mentioned in subsection

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

11

(lHc) above, except that for a chargeable period of less than a Part l year the said fraction of one-twentyfifth or one-fifdeth shall be charier I proportionately reduced.

(3) Where the interest in a building or structure which is the relevant interest in relation to any expenditure is sold while the building or structure is an industrial building or structure, then (subject to any further adjustment under this subsection on a later sale) the writing-down allowance for any chargeable period, if that chargeable period or its basis period ends after the time of the sale, shall be the residue (as defined in section 4(1) of this Act) of that expenditure immediately after the sale, reduced in the proportion (if it is less than one) which the length of the chargeable period bears to the part unexpired at the date of the sale of the period of twenty-five years (or, where the expenditure was incurred before 6th November 1962, fifty years) beginning with the time when the building or structure was first used.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, in no case shall the amount of a writing-down allowance made to a person for any chargeable period in respect of any expenditure exceed what, apart from the writing oft falling to be made by reason of the making of that allowance, would be the residue of that expenditure at the end of that chargeable period or its basis period.

3.—(1) Where any capital expenditure has been incurred on Balancing the construction of a building or structure, and any of the and^Sjancinfi following events occurs while the building or structure is an charges. * industrial building or structure, that is to say—

(a) the relevant interest in the building or structure is sold, or

(b) that interest, being an interest depending on the duration of a foreign concession, comes to an end on the coming to an end of that concession, or

(c) that interest, being a leasehold interest, comes to an end

otherwise than on the person entitled thereto acquiring the interest which is reversionary thereon, or

(d) the building or structure is demolished or destroyed, or,

without being demolished or destroyed, ceases altogether to be used,

an allowance or charge (in this Chapter referred to as "a balancing allowance" or "a balancing charge") shall, in the circumstances mentioned in this section, be made to, or, as the case may be, on, the person entitled to the relevant interest immediately before that event occurs, for the chargeable period related to that event:

A* 2

12

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter I

Provided that no balancing allowance or balancing charge shall be made by reason of any event occurring more than twenty-five years (or. where the expenditure was incurred before 6th November 1962, fifty years) after the building or structure was first used.

(2) Where there are no sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys, or where the residue of the expenditure immediately before the event exceeds those moneys, a balancing allowance shall be made, and the amount thereof shall be the amount of the said residue or, as the case may be, of the excess thereof over the said moneys.

(3) If the sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys exceed the residue, if any, of the expenditure immediately before the event, a balancing charge shall be made, and the amount on which it is made shall be an amount equal to the excess, or, where the residue is nil, to the said moneys.

(4) Where a balancing charge falls to be made on a person, and any part of the relevant period (as defined for the purposes of this subsection) is not comprised in a chargeable period for which a writing-down allowance or scientific research allowance has been made to him or its basis period, the amount on which the balancing charge is to be made shall be reduced in the proportion which the part or parts that are so comprised bear to die whole of the relevant period.

In this subsection "the relevant period’* means the period beginning when the building or structure was first used for any purpose and ending—

(a) if the event giving rise to the balancing charge occurs

on the last day of a chargeable period or its basis period, with that day, or

(b) if not, with the latest date before that event which is

the last day of a chargeable period or its basis period:

Provided that where, before the said event (but not before the appointed day), the building or structure has been sold while an industrial building or structure, the relevant period shall begin with the day following that sale or, if there has been more than one such sale, the last such sale.

(5) Where any person by notice in writing to the inspector so elects in relation to any such event as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, being an event which gives rise to a balancing allowance, he shall, in relation to that event, be treated for all the purposes of this Act—

(a) as if subsection (4) of this section applied to that balancing allowance, and

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

13

(b) as if, for the purposes of the application thereof— Part 1

(i) the reference to the amount on which the Chapter 1 balancing charge is to be made were a reference

to the amount of the balancing allowance, and

(ii) the references to the event which gives rise to the balancing charge were references to the event which gives rise to the balancing allowance.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, in no case shall the amount on which a balancing charge is made on a person in respect of any expenditure on the construction of a building or structure exceed the amount of the initial allowance, if any, made to him in respect of that expenditure together with the amount of any writing-down allowances or scientific research allowances in respect of that expenditure, and any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances in respect of that building or structure, made to him for chargeable periods which end on or before the date of the event giving rise to the charge or of which the basis periods end on or before that date.

4.—(1) Any expenditure incurred on the construction of any writing building or structure shall be treated for the purposes of this off of Chapter as written off to the extent and as at the times hereafter expenditure specified in this section, and references in this Chapter to the mc^D^ f residue of any such expenditure shall be construed accordingly, expenditure °

(2) Where an initial allowance is made in respect of the expenditure, the amount of that allowance shall be treated as written off as at the time when the building or structure is first used.

(3) Where, by reason of the building or structure being at any time an industrial building or structure, a writing-down allowance is made for any chargeable period in respect of the expenditure, the amount of that allowance shall be treated as written off as at the said time:

Provided that, where at the said time an event occurs which gives rise or may give rise to a balancing allowance or balancing charge, the amount directed to be treated as written off by this subsection as at the said time shall be taken into account in computing the residue of that expenditure immediately before that event for the purpose of determining whether any and if so what balancing allowance or balancing charge is to be made.

(4) Where a scientific research allowance is made for any chargeable period in respect of the expenditure, the amount of that allowance shall be treated as written off—

(a) in the case of an allowance under section 91 of this Act or paragraph 1 of Schedule 10 to this Act, as at

A* 3

14

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part l the end of the chargeable period or, if it is a year of

Chapter I assessment, as at the end of the basis period (as defined

in subsection (3) of the said section 91) for that year of assessment, and

(b) in the case of an allowance under section 92 of this Act or paragraph 2 of Schedule 10 to this Act, as at the time when the asset ceases to be used by the person in question for scientific research connected with the trade:

Provided that where, at the time as at which an amount falls to be treated as written off under this subsection, an event occurs which gives rise or may give rise to a balancing allowance or balancing charge, the amount directed to be treated as written off by this subsection as at that time shall be taken into account in computing the residue of the expenditure immediately before that event for the purpose of determining whether any and if so what balancing allowance or balancing charge is to be made.

(5) If, for any period or periods between the time when the building or structure was first used for any purpose and the time at which the residue of the expenditure falls to be ascertained, the building or structure has not been in use as an industrial building or structure, then, subject to the provisions of subsection (7) below, there shall in ascertaining that residue be treated as having been previously written off in respect of the said period or periods amounts equal to writing-down allowances made for chargeable periods of a total length equal thereto at such rate or rates as would have been appropriate having regard to any sale on which section 2(3) of this Act operated.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (5) above a building or structure shall not be treated—

(a) by virtue of section 7(l)(c) of this Act as having been

an industrial building or structure before the year 1952-53,

(b) by virtue of section 7(l)(i) or section 7(6) of this Act as having been an industrial building or structure before the year 1953-54.

(7) Where any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depredation allowances have been made in respect of the building or structure for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day fell, and either—

(a) no amount falls to be treated as written off under subsection (5) above as at any date before the beginning of the year of assessment in which the appointed day fell, or

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

15

(Z>) the total amounts falling to be treated as written off thereunder as at dates before the beginning of the year of assessment in which the appointed day fell are less than the total relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances for years of assessment before that year,

an amount equal to the total relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances or, as the case may be, to that total amount less the total amounts falling to be treated as written off as aforesaid, shall be treated as written off as at the end of the year of assessment immediately preceding that in which the appointed day fell.

(8) Where any exceptional depreciation allowance was made in respect of a building or structure for the year of assessment in which the appointed day fell, an amount equal to that allowance shall be treated as written off as at the end of the immediately preceding year of assessment.

(9) Where, on the occasion of a sale, a balancing allowance is made in respect of the expenditure, there shall be treated as written off as at the time of the sale the amount by which the residue of the expenditure before the sale exceeds the net proceeds of the sale.

(10) Where, on the occasion of a sale, a balancing charge is made in respect of the expenditure, the residue of the expenditure shall be deemed for the purposes of this Chapter to be increased as at the time of the sale by the amount on which the charge is made.

(11) Where a building or structure is demolished, and the demolition gives rise, or might give rise, to a balancing allowance or charge under this Chapter to or on the person incurring the cost of demolition, the net cost to him of the demolition (that is to say the excess, if any, of the cost of the demolition over any moneys received for the remains of the property) shall be added for the purposes of this Chapter to the residue, immediately before the demolition, of the expenditure incurred on the construction of the property; and if this subsection applies to the net cost to a person of the demolition of any property, the cost or net cost shall not be treated, for the purposes of this Part or Part II of this Act, as expenditure incurred in respect of any other property by which that property is replaced.

(12) Where the Crown is at any time entitled to the relevant interest in a building or structure, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if all such writing-down allowances, balancing allowances, mills, factories or exceptional

A* 4

Part I

Chapter I

16

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter I

Buildings and structures bought unused.

depreciation allowances and balancing charges had been made as could have been made if—

(a) a person other than the Crown and other than a com-

pany had been entitled to the relevant interest, and

(b) all things which, while the Crown is entitled to the

relevant interest, have been done in relation to the building or structure by or to the Crown or by or to any person using the building or structure under the authority of the Crown, had been done by or to that other person, for the purposes of and in the course of a trade carried on by him, and

(c) any sale or other disposition by or on behalf of the Crown

of the relevant interest in the building or structure had been made in connection with the termination of that trade, and

(d) the basis periods of that other person in respect of that

trade had, in the case of each year of assessment, ended immediately before the beginning of the year of assessment.

5.—(1) Where expenditure is incurred on the construction of a building or structure and, before that building or structure is used, the relevant interest therein is sold—

(a) the expenditure actually incurred on the construction

thereof shall be left out of account for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this Chapter, but

(b) the person who buys that interest shall be deemed for

those purposes to have incurred, on the date when the purchase price becomes payable, expenditure on the construction thereof equal to the said expenditure or to the net price paid by him for the said interest, whichever is the less:

Provided that, where the relevant interest in the building or structure is sold more than once before the building or structure is used, the provisions of paragraph (b) of this subsection shall have effect only in relation to the last of those sales. 2 * * *

(2) Where the expenditure incurred on the construction of a

building or structure was incurred by a person carrying on a

trade which consists, as to the whole or any part thereof, in the construction of buildings or structures with a view to their sale, and, before the building or structure is used, he sells the relevant interest therein in the course of that trade, or, as the case may be, of that part of that trade, paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall have effect subject to the following modifications—

(a) if that sale is the only sale of the relevant interest before the building or structure is used, the said paragraph

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

17

(6) shall have effect as if the words " the said expendi- Part I tuxe or to " and the words " whichever is the less " chapter i were omitted, and

(b) in any other case, the said paragraph ( )shall have effect as if the reference to the expenditure actually incurred on the construction of the building or structure were a reference to the price paid on the said sale.

6,—(1) Except in the cases mentioned in the following pro-Manner of visions of this section, any allowance or charge made to or on a making person under the preceding provisions of this Chapter shall be allowj*10®6 * 8 made to or on him in taxing Ms trade. an c ges,

(2) An initial allowance shall be made to a person by way of discharge or repayment of tax if his interest in the building or structure is subject to any lease when the expenditure is incurred or becomes subject to any lease before the building or structure is first used for any purpose.

(3) A writing-down allowance shall be made to a person for a chargeable period by way of discharge or repayment of tax if his interest is subject to any lease at die end of that chargeable period or its basis period.

(4) A balancing allowance shall be made to a person by way of discharge or repayment of tax if Ms interest is subject to any lease immediately before the event giving rise to the allowance.

(5) Any allowance wMch, under the preceding provisions of this section, is to be made by way of discharge or repayment of tax shall be available primarily against the following income, that is to say—

(a) income taxed under Case VIII of Schedule D in respect

of any premises wMch at any time in the chargeable period consist of or include an industrial building or structure, or

(b) income wMch is the subject of a balancing charge under

this Chapter.

(6) Effect shall be given to a balancing charge to be made on a person where Ms interest is subject to any lease immediately before the event giving rise to the charge—

(a) if it is a charge to income tax, by making the charge

under Case VI of Schedule D,

(b) if it is a charge to corporation tax. by treating the amount on wMch the charge is to be made as income of the description in subsection (5)(<j) above.

18

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter I

Definition of " industrial building or structure

7*—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in this Chapter " industrial building or structure " means a building or structure in use—

(a) for the purposes of a trade carried on in a mill, factory

or other similar premises, or

(b) for the purposes of a transport, dock, inland navigation,

water, electricity or hydraulic power undertaking, or

(c) subject to subsection (7) below, for the purposes of a

tunnel undertaking, or

(d) subject to subsection (8) below, for the purposes of a

bridge undertaking, or

(e) for the purposes of a trade which consists in the manu-

facture of goods or materials or the subjection of goods or materials to any process, or

(/) for the purposes of a trade which consists in the storage—

(i) of goods or materials which are to be used in the manufacture of other goods or materials, or

(ii) of goods or materials which are to be subjected, in the course of a trade, to any process, or

(iii) of goods or materials which, having been manufactured or produced or subjected, in the course of a trade, to any process, have not yet been delivered to any purchaser, or

(iv) of goods or materials on their arrival by sea or air into any part of the United Kingdom, or

(g) for the purposes of a trade which consists in the working

of any mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits, or of a foreign plantation, or

(h) for the purposes of a trade consisting in all or any of

the following activities, that is to say, ploughing or cultivating land (other than land in the occupation of the person carrying on the trade) or doing any other agricultural operation on such land, or threshing the crops of another person, or

(i) for the purposes of a trade which consists in the catching or taking of fish or shellfish,

and, in particular, the said expression includes any building or structure provided by the person carrying on such a trade or undertaking for the welfare of workers employed in that trade or undertaking and in use for that purpose.

(2) The provisions of subsection (1) of this section shall apply in relation to a part of a trade or undertaking as they apply in relation to a trade or undertaking:

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

19

Provided that where part only of a trade or undertaking complies with the conditions set out in the said provisions, a building or structure shall not, by virtue of this subsection, be an industrial building or structure unless it is in use for the purposes of that part of that trade or undertaking.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) or subsection

(2) of this section, but subject to the provisions of subsection

(4) of this section, " industrial building or structure " does not include any building or structure in use as, or as part of, a dwelling-house, retail shop, showroom, hotel or office or for any purpose ancillary to the purposes of a dwelling-house, retail shop, showroom, hotel or office:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to, or to part of, a building or structure which was constructed for occupation by, or for the welfare of, persons employed at, or in connection with the working of, a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits, or for occupation by, or for the welfare of, persons employed on, or in connection with the growing and harvesting of the crops on, a foreign plantation, if the building or structure is likely to have little or no value to the person carrying on the trade when the mine, oil well or other source or the plantation is no longer worked, or will cease to belong to such person on the coming to an end of a foreign concession under which the mine, oil well or other source, or the plantation, is worked.

(4) Where part of the whole of a building or structure is, and part thereof is not, an industrial building or structure, and the capital expenditure which has been incurred on the construction of the second mentioned part is not more than one-tenth of the total capita] expenditure which has been incurred on the construction of the whole building or structure, the whole building or structure and every part thereof shall be treated as an industrial building or structure.

(5) In this section—

" retail shop " includes any premises of a similar character where retail trade or business (including repair work) is carried on;

44 dock " includes any harbour, wharf, pier or jetty or other works in or at which vessels can ship or unship merchandise or passengers, not being a pier or jetty primarily used for recreation, and 44 dock undertaking " shall be construed accordingly;

44 water undertaking " means an undertaking for the supply of water for public consumption;

44electricity undertaking* means an undertaking for the generation, transformation, conversion, transmission or distribution of electrical energy;

Part I

Chapter" I

20

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter I

1952 c. 33.

Expenditure on repair of buildings.

" hydraulic power undertaking " means an undertaking for the supply of hydraulic power;

" undertaking " does not include an undertaking not carried on by way of trade;

"foreign plantation*’ means, subject to subsection (6) below, any land outside the United Kingdom used for the growing and harvesting of crops;

"crops" includes any form of vegetable produce and " harvesting " includes the collection thereof, however effected.

(6) In this section the expression "foreign plantation" shall (without prejudice to the generality of the definition in subsection (5) above) be extended so as to include any land outside the United Kingdom used for husbandry or forestry, and the reference in subsection (3) above to the growing and harvesting of crops shall be correspondingly extended.

(7) Subsection (l)(c) above shall not affect any allowance or charge which would have been made under this Part of this Act if this Act had been enacted without that paragraph and if section 25 of the Finance Act 1952 (which is the corresponding provision repealed by this Act) had not been passed, and where by virtue of the said paragraph (c) a balancing charge is made on a person in respect of any expenditure, the amount on which it is made shall not exceed the amount of the allowances made to him in respect of that expenditure by virtue of the said paragraph (c) (and the said section 25).

(8) Subsection (l)(d) above shall have effect only in relation to expenditure which is to be treated for the purposes of this Chapter as incurred after the end of the year 1956-57.

(9) For the purposes of this Chapter references to use as an industrial building or structure do not apply, in the case of a building or structure outside the United Kingdom, to use for the purposes of a trade at a time when the profits or gains of the trade are not assessable in accordance with the rules applicable to Case I of Schedule D.

8. This Chapter shall have effect in relation to capital expenditure incurred by a person on repairs to any part of a building or structure as if it were capital expenditure incurred by him in the construction for the first time of that part of the building or structure, and for the purposes of this section any expenditure incurred for the purposes of a trade on repairs to a building or structure shall be deemed to be capital expenditure if it is not expenditure which would be allowed to be deducted in computing, for the purposes of tax, the profits or gains of the trade.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

21

9. Where capital expenditure is or has been incurred on Part I preparing, cutting, tunnelling or levelling land for the purposes Chapter I of preparing the land as a site for the installation of machinery Expenditure or plant, and apart from this section no allowance could be on sites for made in respect of that expenditure under this Chapter, or

under Chapter II of this Part of this Act, then as regards that p ' expenditure—

(a) the machinery or plant shall be treated for the purposes

of this Chapter as a building or structure (whether or not it would be so treated apart from this section), and

(b) section 14(1) of this Act shall apply with the omission

of the reference to Chapter II of this Part of this Act

10. Where a building or structure which is not an industrial Sports building or structure as defined in section 7 above is occupied pavilions, by the person carrying on a trade and used as a sports pavilion

for the welfare of all or any of the workers employed in that trade, this Chapter shall apply in relation to that building or structure as if it were an industrial building or structure.

11. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in this Meaning of Chapter, " the relevant interest " means, in relation to any " ^e relevant expenditure incurred on the construction of a building or struc-interest • ture, the interest in that building or structure to which the

person who incurred the expenditure was entitled when he incurred it

(2) Where, when he incurs expenditure on the construction of a building or structure, a person is entitled to two or more interests in the building or structure, and one of those interests is an interest which is reversionary on all the others, that interest shall be the relevant interest for the purposes of this Chapter.

(3) An interest shall not cease to be the relevant interest for the purposes of this Chapter by reason of the creation of any lease or other interest to which that interest is subject, and where the relevant interest is a leasehold interest and is extinguished by reason of the surrender thereof or on the person entitled thereto acquiring the interest which is reversionary thereon, the interest into which that leasehold interest merges shall thereupon become the relevant interest.

(4) Where the relevant interest is a leasehold interest which came to an end before the appointed day, and subsection (3) of this section does not apply, the interest which is immediately reversionary thereon shall be deemed, for the purposes of the provisions of this Chapter in so far as they relate to writing-down allowances, balancing allowances and balancing charges, to have thereupon become the relevant interest.

22

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter I

Temporary disuse of industrial buildings or structures.

1953 c. 34. 1965 c. 25.

12.—(1) For the purposes of this Chapter, a building or structure shall not be deemed to cease altogether to be used by reason that it falls temporarily out of use, and where, immediately before any period of temporary disuse, a building or structure is an industrial building or structure, it shall be deemed to continue to be an industrial building or structure during the period of temporary disuse.

(2) Where by reason of the provisions of subsection (1) of this section a building or structure is deemed to continue to be an industrial building or structure while temporarily out of use, then if—

(a) upon the last occasion upon which the building or struc-

ture was in use as an industrial building or structure, it was in use for the purposes of a trade which has since been permanently discontinued, or

(b) upon the last occasion upon which the building or

structure was in use as an industrial building or structure, the relevant interest therein was subject to a lease which has since come to an end,

any writing-down allowance or balancing allowance falling to be made to any person in respect of the building or structure during any period for which the temporary disuse continues after the discontinuance of the trade or the coming to an end of the lease shall be made by way of discharge or repayment of tax, and shall be available primarily against income of the descriptions in paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 6(5) of this Act, and effect shall be given to any balancing charge falling to be made on any person in respect of the building or structure during the period—

(i) if it is a charge to income tax, by making the charge

under Case VI of Schedule D,

(ii) if it is a charge to corporation tax, by treating the

amount on which the charge is to be made as income of the description in paragraph (a) of section 6(5) of this Act

(3) The reference in this section to the permanent discontinuance of a trade does not include a reference to the happening of any event which, by virtue of section 19 of the Finance Act 1953 (changes in persons carrying on a trade), or of any provision of Part IV of the Finance Act 1965 other than paragraph 7 of Schedule 16 to that Act (overseas trade corporations), is to be treated as equivalent to the discontinuance of the trade.

(4) Subsection (1) above shall not apply by reason of a building or structure falling temporarily out of use before the appointed day, and shall not apply to a period of temporary disuse beginning before the appointed day.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

23

13.—(1) The provisions of this Chapter shall have effect in Part I relation to any period of requisition of any land as if the Crown Chapter I had been in possession of that land for that period by virtue of a Requisitioned lease, and any reference in this Chapter to the surrender of a land, holding lease or the extinguishment thereof on the person entitled thereto ov®J of acquiring the interest which is reversionary thereon, or to the merger of a leasehold interest, shall be construed accordingly, and any sum paid to the Crown in respect of any building or structure constructed on any land during any period of requisition of that land, being a sum paid, whether by virtue of any enactment or otherwise, by the person who, subject to the rights of the Crown, is entitled to possession of the land, shall be deemed for the purposes of this Chapter to be a sum paid in consideration of the surrender of that lease:

Provided that where a person carrying on a trade is authorised by the Crown to occupy the land or any part thereof for the whole or any part of the period of requisition, the provisions of this Chapter shall have effect as if the Crown had granted a sub-lease to that person of that land or, as the case may be, that part thereof, for the period of requisition or, as the case may be, for that part of the period for which the said person occupies the land, and the preceding provisions of this subsection shall have effect in relation to that sub-lease as they have effect in relation to the lease therein mentioned, subject, however, to the modification that for the reference to any sum paid to the Crown there shall be substituted a reference to any sum paid to the said person.

In this subsection, " period of requisition " means a period in respect of which compensation is, or, but for any agreement to the contrary, would be, payable under section of the

Compensation (Defence) Act 1939 by reference to the rent which 1939 c. 75. might reasonably be expected to be payable under a lease granted immediately before the beginning of that period.

(2) Where, with the consent of the lessor, a lessee of any building or structure remains in possession thereof after the termination of the lease without a new lease being granted to him, that lease shall be deemed for the purposes of this Chapter to continue so long as he remains in possession as aforesaid.

(3) Where, on the termination of a lease, a new lease is granted to the lessee in pursuance of an option available to him under the terms of the first lease, the provisions of this Chapter shall have effect as if the second lease were a continuation of the first lease.

(4) Where, on the termination of a lease, the lessor pays any sum to the lessee in respect of a building or structure comprised in the lease, the provisions of this Chapter shall have effect as if the lease had come to an end by reason of the surrender thereof in consideration of the payment.

24

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter I

Exclusion of double allowances, etc.

Mining

structures,

etc.:

balancing allowances carried back to earlier chargeable periods.

(5) Where, on the termination of a lease, another lease is granted to a different lessee and, in connection with the transaction, that lessee pays a sum to the person who was the lessee under the first lease, the provisions of this Chapter shall have effect as if both leases were the same lease and there had been an assignment thereof by the lessee under the first lease to the lessee under the second lease in consideration of the payment

14*—(1) No allowance shall be made under or by virtue of any of the provisions of this Chapter in respect of, or of premises including, or of expenditure on, a building or structure if, for the same or any other chargeable period, an allowance is or can be made under any of the provisions of Chapter II, Chapter III or Chapter V of this Part of this Act in respect of, or of expenditure on, that building or structure.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, any reference in this Chapter to the incurring of expenditure on the construction of a building or structure does not include expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant or on any asset which has been treated for any chargeable period as machinery or plant.

15.—(1) If, in the case of a trade which consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits—

(a) a balancing allowance falls to be made under this

Chapter for the last chargeable period during which the trade is carried on, and

(b) the event giving rise to the allowance is the mine, oil

well or other source ceasing to be worked or the coming to an end of a foreign concession, and

(c) the allowance is in respect of expenditure on a building

or structure which was constructed for occupation by, or for the welfare of, persons employed at, or in connection with the working of, the mine, oil well or other source, and

(d) full effect cannot be given to the allowance because of an insufficiency of profits or gains for the said chargeable period,

the person entitled to the allowance may claim that the balance of the allowance shall be given for the last preceding chargeable period, and so on for other preceding chargeable periods, so, however, that allowances shall not be given by virtue of this subsection for periods together amounting to more than five years (inclusive of any period for which an allowance might be made but cannot be given effect for want of profits or gains)

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

25

otherwise than by giving a proportionately reduced allowance Part I for a chargeable period of which part is required to make up chapter I the five years.

(2) Allowances may be made by virtue of this section to a company for the income tax year 1964-65 or 1965-66, notwithstanding that allowances are also made for accounting periods of the company felling wholly or partly within those years and, in reckoning the period for which allowances are to be made, the periods for which allowances are so made shall be added together, notwithstanding that the same time is (according to the calendar) counted twice.

(3) In the case of a company no allowance shall be given by virtue of this section so as to create or augment a loss in any accounting period; and where on a company ceasing to carry on a trade a claim is made both under fins section and under section 59 of the Finance Act 1965 (relief for terminal loss) 1965 c. 25. the allowance for which the claim is made under this section

shall be disregarded for the purposes of the claim under the said section 59, but effect shall be given to the claim under the said section 59 in priority to the claim under this section.

16.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, " the Transitory

appointed day " in this Chapter means 6th April 1946. provision:

meaning of

(2) Where by virtue of section 7(2) of the Income Tax Act " appointed 1945 (which was re-enacted in Part I of Schedule 11 to the "• Income Tax Act 1952) an allowance fell to be made under 19*5 c. 32. section 15 of the Finance Act 1937 (allowances for depreciation *J of mills, factories and other similar premises) for the year 194647

or any subsequent year of assessment in the case of any trade, the provisions of this Chapter, other than this section, shall have effect in relation to the premises in question as if the appointed day were postponed until the first day of the first year of assessment for which no allowance fell to be made under the said section 15 in the case of that or any other trade.

(3) Subsection (4) below has effect as respects expenditure—

(a) incurred on a building or structure if used before 6th

April 1956, not being premises in relation to which the appointed day is postponed to the said 6th April or a later day by subsection (2) above, and

(b) consisting in part of expenditure incurred on preparing,

cutting, tunnelling or levelling any land.

The reference above to expenditure incurred on preparing, cutting, tunnelling or levelling any land does not include expenditure on work done on the land to be covered by a building or structure for the purposes of preparing the land to receive the foundations of the building or structure, being work which

26

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I may be expected to be valueless when the building or structure

Chapter I is demolished and not being work which consists of cutting or

tunnelling. (4) The provisions of this Part of this Act relating to allowances and charges under this Chapter, other than initial allowances, shall apply to the said part of the expenditure separately from the remainder, and to the remainder separately from that part, as if each had been incurred on a different building or structure from the other, and the necessary apportionments shall be made accordingly of any sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys or other relevant sums; and in relation to that part of the expenditure, but not in relation to the remainder, the appointed day for the purposes of any reference thereto in this Chapter shall be 6th April 1956. (5) As regards expenditure to which this Chapter is applied by section 9 of this Act the appointed day, for the purpose of any reference thereto in this Chapter, shall be 6th Apnl 1956.

Interpretation 17.—(1) References in this Chapter to expenditure incurred

of Chapter I. on construction of a building or structure do not include any

Initial allowances. expenditure incurred on the acquisition of, or of rights in or over, any land. (2) A person who has incurred expenditure on the construction of a building or structure shall be deemed, for the purposes of any provision of this Chapter referring to his interest therein at the time when the expenditure was incurred, to have had the same interest therein as he would have had if the construction thereof had been completed at that time. (3) Without prejudice to any of the other provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the apportionment of sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys, the sum paid on the sale of the relevant interest in a building or structure, or any other sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys payable in respect of any building or structure, shall, for the purposes of this Chapter, be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to so much thereof as, on a just apportionment, is attributable to assets representing expenditure other than expenditure in respect of which an allowance can be made under this Chapter. Chapter II Machinery and Plant 18.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where— (a) a person carrying on a trade incurs capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant for the purposes of the trade, and

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

27

(b) in consequence of his incurring the expenditure the machinery or plant belongs to him at some time during the chargeable period related to the incurring of the expenditure,

there shall be made to him, for the chargeable period related to the incurring of the expenditure, an allowance (in this Chapter referred to as " an initial allowance ").

(2) The initial allowance shall be of an amount equal to three-tenths of the expenditure within subsection (1) above:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act.

(3) No initial allowance shall be made in respect of any expenditure incurred after 6th April 1965 on the provision of road vehicles unless they are of a type not commonly used as private vehicles and unsuitable to be so used or are provided wholly or mainly for hire to, or for the carriage of, members of the public in the ordinary course of a trade, so however that the preceding provisions of this subsection—

(a) shall not affect initial allowances in respect of any

expenditure in so far as it consists (and is stated in the claim for the allowance to consist) of sums payable under a contract entered into on a date (to be specified in the claim) not later than 6th April 1965, and

(b) shall not apply, as respects expenditure incurred on the

provision of vehicles after 16th January 1966, to vehicles of a construction primarily suited for the conveyance of goods or burden of any description,

and, where an initial allowance is not excluded by this subsection, subsections (1) and (2) above shall have effect as respects road vehicles subject to Schedule 2 to this Act.

(4) Any expenditure incurred for the purposes of a trade by a person about to cany it on shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section (and accordingly, subject to the proviso below, also for the purposes of subsection (3) above) as if it had been incurred by that person on the first day on which he does carry it on:

Provided that expenditure shall not be treated for the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (3) above as having been incurred after 16th January 1966 by reason only of the provisions of this subsection.

(5) An initial allowance may be made to a person in respect of any machinery or plant in taxing a trade carried on by him notwithstanding that it appears that, during the period during which the machinery or plant will be used for the purposes of the trade, it will also be used for other purposes, but the allowance in any such case shall be so much only of the

Part I

Chapter II

28

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter II

Writing-down

allowances.

allowance that would be made if the machinery or plant were to be used only for the purposes of the trade as may be just and reasonable having regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case and, in particular, to the extent to which it appears that the machinery or plant is likely to be used for the said other purposes during that period.

(6) No initial allowance shall be made to a person in respect of any machinery or plant in taxing a trade if it appears that, during the period during which the machinery or plant will be used by him for the purposes of the trade, sums which are in respect of, or take account of, the wear and tear to that machinery or plant occasioned by its use for those purposes and do not fall to be taken into account as his income or in computing the profits or gains of any trade carried on by him are, or are to be, payable to him directly or indirectly by die Crown, or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any person other than the person carrying on the trade:

Provided that where the sums referred to in this subsection are in respect of, or take account of, part only of the wear and tear therein referred to—

(a) the preceding provisions of this subsection shall not

apply, but

(b) the amount of the allowance shall be reduced to such

extent as may be just and reasonable having regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case.

(7) Where a person incurs capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant under a contract providing that he shall or may become the owner of the machinery or plant on the performance of the contract, then—

(a) subject to the following paragraph, the machinery or

plant shall for the purposes of subsection (l)(b) above be treated as belonging to him at any time when he is entitled to the benefit of that contract, so far as it relates to the machinery or plant, but

(b) if he ceases to be so entitled without becoming the

owner of the machinery or plant, the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the machinery or plant.

Writing-down allowances

19.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where the person carrying on a trade in any chargeable period has incurred capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant for the purposes of the trade, an allowance (in this Chapter referred to as "a writing-down allowance") shall be made to him for that chargeable period on account of the wear

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

29

and tear of any of the machinery or plant which belongs to him Part I and is in use for the purposes of the trade at the end of that Chapter n chargeable period or its basis period.

(2) The following provisions of this Chapter shall apply for the purposes of corporation tax notwithstanding that any provision in section 20, 21 or 26 of this Act, or in Schedule 4 to this Act, is expressed to apply in relation to a year of assessment, and for those purposes the amount of any writing-down allowance shall be determined by applying the law in force for the year of assessment in which die accounting period ends, and references in the said provisions to " the year of assessment in question " shall be construed accordingly.

(3) Where under the provisions of this Chapter a writing-down allowance falls to be determined by reference to a fraction or percentage, specified numerically, of any expenditure or other sum, or by reference to a percentage determined or deemed to be determined for a year of assessment, then for a chargeable period of less than a year the fraction or percentage shall be proportionately reduced; and similarly with the amounts by reference to which writing-down allowances for certain vehicles are limited by section 32(1) of, and paragraph 6 of Schedule 2 to, this Act

(4) In sections 20 to 24 below, and Schedule 4 to this Act, the expression "new machinery or plant" means machinery or plant being unused and not second-hand, and for the purposes of this Chapter machinery or plant which has at any time fallen within the description " new machinery or plant capital expenditure on the provision of which was incurred after 5th November 1962 " shall continue to be treated as within that description notwithstanding any sale of it or other change of circumstances.

20.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Chapter, the writing- Normal down allowance in respect of any machinery or plant for any method of chargeable period shall be a percentage of the amount by which calculation, the capital expenditure of the person to whom the allowance is to be made in providing the machinery or plant exceeds the total amount of any initial allowance, writing-down allowances, relevant exceptional depreciation allowances and scientific research allowances made to him in respect of that machinery or plant for previous chargeable periods.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, the said percentage is such percentage as may be determined by the Board to be appropriate to be applied for the purposes of this section in relation to machinery or plant of the class in question for the year of assessment in question, and in determining the said percentage in relation to machinery or plant of any class, the Board shall have regard to the anticipated normal working life of machinery or plant of that class.

30

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I (3) So for as the class in question consists of new machinery Chapter n or plant capital expenditure on the provision of which was incurred after 5th November 1962, the said percentage shall be— (a) where the said life is 18 years or more, 15 per cent,

(b) where that life is less than 18 but not less than 14 years,

20 per cent,

(c) where that life is less than 14 years, 25 per cent

(4) So far as the class in question consists of other machinery or plant, the said percentage shall be five-fourths of the percentage (in this Chapter referred to as the "basic percentage*) determined in accordance with this subsection.

The Board shall select, as the basic percentage, the percentage which in their opinion may fairly be taken as that which, if applied year by year throughout the said life as a writing-down percentage applicable in title first year to the cost of such machinery or plant, in the second year to that cost as written down in the first year, in the third year to that cost as written down in the first and second years, and so on, would, at the end of that life, have caused that cost to be written down to one-tenth thereof.

(5) If it is shown to the satisfaction of the Board that a per-1952 c. 10. centage which, under section 281(4) of the Income Tax Act 1952

(percentages in use in 1948-49) was deemed to be a percentage determined by them in relation to machinery or plant of any class under the said section 281(2) for the year 1949-50 (whether or not also applying to later years), if applied as a basic percentage in the manner specified in subsection (4) above, would, at the end of the anticipated normal working life of the machinery or plant of that class (estimated as if during the year 1948-49), cause the cost to be written down to a fraction thereof which is smaller than one-tenth, subsection (4) above shall have effect in relation to machinery or plant of that class as if a reference to that smaller fraction were substituted therein for a reference to one-tenth.

(6) It shall not be necessary for the Board to redetermine a percentage under this or the next following section yearly, and any such determination for any year of assessment shall apply also to subsequent years except so far as it is superseded by any subsequent determination.

Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect as respects the application to years of assessment to which this Act applies of determinations applying to the year 1967-68.

(7) In this section "the anticipated normal working life* means, in relation to machinery or plant of any class, the period which might be expected, when machinery or plant of that class is first put into use, to be going to elapse before it is finally put out of use as being unfit for further use, it being

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

31

assumed that it is going to be used in the normal manner and to part I. the normal extent and is going to be so used throughout that chapibr n period.

21.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Chapter, the writing- Alternative down allowance in respect of any machinery or plant for any method, chargeable period—

(a) may, if the person to whom the allowance is to be made so elects when he makes his claim for the allowance, be computed by reference to the amount of his capital expenditure in providing the machinery or plant, and

(b) shall in that event be the percentage of that amount specified in subsection (2) below.

(2) The said percentage is such percentage as may be determined by the Board in relation to machinery or plant of the class in question for the year of assessment in question by reference to the anticipated normal working life of machinery or plant of that class.

(3) So far as the class in question consists of new machinery or plant capital expenditure on the provision of which was incurred after 5th November 1962, the said percentage shall beta) where the said life is 18 years or more, 6J per cent.,

(b) where that life is less than 18 but not less than 14 years,

8} per cent.,

(c) where that life is less than 14 years, 11J per cent.

(4) So far as the class in question consists of other machinery or plant, the said percentage shall be five-fourths of the percentage (in this Chapter referred to as " the basic percentage ") determined in accordance with this subsection.

The basic percentage is such percentage as may be determined by the Boaid as being in their opinion equal to nine-tenths of the fraction of which the numerator is one and the denominator is the number of years in the said life.

(5) If it is shown to the satisfaction of the Board that a percentage which, under section 282(3) of the Income Tax 1952 c. 10. Act 1952 (percentages in use in 1948-49), was deemed to be a percentage determined by them in relation to machinery or

plant of any class under the said section 282(2) for the year 1949-50 (whether or not also applying to later years) bears to the fraction (with numerator one) specified in subsection (4) above (computed by reference to an anticipated normal working life estimated as if during the year 1948-49) a higher proportion than nine-tenths, subsection (4) above shall have effect in relation to machinery or plant of that class as if for the reference therein to nine-tenths there were substituted a reference to the said higher proportion.

32

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter n

Change from normal to alternative method.

(6) Machinery or plant may be treated for the purposes of this section as being of a different class from other machinery or plant where the one is new when it is acquired and the other is not new when it is acquired, or, in the case of machinery or plant which is not new when it is acquired, where different periods have elapsed between the date when the machinery or plant was made or first put into use and the date of the acquisition thereof.

(7) An election under this section shall not be effective for any chargeable period in relation to any machinery or plant unless the Board are satisfied that the person making the election is keeping, and will keep and make available for inspection, all such records as are necessary to secure that the Board, inspectors and other officers concerned can ensure that the total writing-down allowances made to him for all chargeable periods in respect of that machinery or plant do not exceed the limit imposed by section 27(1) of this Act, due regard being had to any initial allowance, relevant exceptional depreciation allowances and scientific research allowances made to him in respect thereof.

(8) In this section "the anticipated normal working life" has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (7) of the last preceding section, except that, in relation to a class consisting of machinery or plant which is not new when it is acquired, die reference in the said subsection (7) to the first putting into use of the machinery or plant shall be construed as a reference to the first putting into use thereof after the acquisition thereof.

22.—(1) Where an election under section 21 above has effect with respect to any machinery or plant, and the writing-down allowance in respect of the same machinery or plant made to the same person for any previous chargeable period has been calculated in accordance with section 20 of this Act, the writing-down allowance for that machinery or plant for the chargeable period with respect to which the election has effect shall be computed in accordance with the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) instead of being computed by reference to the amount of the person’s expenditure in providing the machinery or plant, it shall be computed by reference to the amount by which that amount exceeds any initial allowance, writing-down allowances, relevant exceptional depreciation allowances and scientific research allowances made to that person in respect of that machinery or plant for the chargeable periods up to and including the said previous chargeable period or, if the writing-down allowance was calculated in accordance with the said section 20 in the case of more

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

33

than one previous chargeable period, up to and includ- Part I ing the last of those previous chargeable periods, and Chapter II

(b) it shall be computed as if for the percentage which would otherwise apply there were substituted such other percentage as the Board may determine.

In the case of expenditure to which section 21(4) above applies, the references in paragraph (b) above to a percentage are references to the basic percentage.

(2) The references in subsection (1) above to allowances calculated in accordance with section 20 of this Act shall be deemed to include references to allowances for the year 1948-49 or any previous year of assessment calculated by the application of, or of five-fourths of, a percentage intended for application, or for application when multiplied by five-fourths, to a sum which, except in the case of the first year, is less than the cost of the machinery or plant.

(3) Any reference in this section to section 20 of this Act shall be deemed to include a reference to that section as modified by the following sections of this Chapter.

23.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Chapter, the writing- Special method down allowance for any chargeable period in respect of any lor use in machinery or plant used for the purposes of a trade which connection consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other wdls^tc. source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature, being machinery or plant used in connection with the working of the source, shall, if the person to whom the allowance is to be made so elects when he makes his claim for the allowance—

(a) be computed by reference to the amount specified in

section 20(1) or section 21(1) of this Act, but

(b) be the percentage of that amount specified in sub-

section (2) of this section.

(2) The said percentage is such percentage as the Board may determine having regard to the date when the source is likely to cease to be worked and the probable value of the machinery or plant at that date to the person carrying on the trade.

(3) The references to section 20 of this Act contained in subsections (1) and (3) of the last preceding section shall be deemed to include references to this section where the election thereunder is that the allowance shall be computed by reference to the amount specified in section 20(1) of this Act

(4) The references to section 21 of this Act contained in subsection (1) of the last preceding section shall be deemed to include references to this section where the election thereunder is that the allowance shall be computed by reference to the amount specified in section 21(1) of this Act.

B

34

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I 24.—(1) If the Board are satisfied that the manner in which or

Chapter n the extent to which any machinery or plant is used in any Adjustments of chargeable period is such that the wear and tear thereof is writing-down greater or less than that which might be expected to be caused allowances by the use thereof in the normal manner and to the normal drcuStances. extent ^ey may give a direction under this section.

(2) If, in relation to any new machinery or plant capital expenditure on the provision of which was incurred after 5th November 1962, a direction falls to be made under this section for any chargeable period, the anticipated normal working life of the machinery or plant shall be ascertained as though it were used throughout its working life in the manner in which and to the extent to which it is used in the chargeable period in question, and the writing-down allowance in respect of the machinery or plant for that chargeable period shall be calculated as, by virtue of section 20(3), or by virtue of section 21(3), of this Act, it would be if the relevant percentage for machinery or plant of that class fell to be redetermined for the relevant year of assessment and its anticipated normal working life were as so ascertained.

(3) Subject to subsection (2) above, if, in relation to any machinery or plant, a direction falls to be made under this section for any chargeable period, the writing-down allowance in respect of that machinery or plant for that chargeable period shall be ascertained as if, for the basic percentage specified in section 20(4) or section 21(4) of this Act, or the percentage specified in section 23(2) of this Act, as the case may be, there were substituted such other percentage as the Board may determine.

(4) References in this section to the anticipated normal working life of the machinery or plant shall be construed in accordance with section 20(7) or, as the case may be, section 21(8) of this Act.

(5) Nothing in subsection (2) of this section shall affect the operation of section 23 of this Act.

25. If a writing-down allowance falls to be made for income tax purposes to any person in respect of any machinery or plant in taxing any trade which is carried on by him for part only of the year of assessment the said allowance, as computed in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Chapter (and in accordance with the provisions, where relevant, of section 31 of this Act, or of section 32 of this Act with Schedule 2) shall be proportionately reduced.

Writing-down allowances for part of a year of assessment.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

35

26.—(1) If, within such time and in such manner as may be Part I prescribed by regulations made by the Board under this section. Chapter n an application is made to the Board by or on behalf of— Determination

(a) a considerable number of the persons engaged in any1111(1

class of trade, or percentages.

(b) a considerable number of the persons who use

machinery or plant of any class for the purposes of any trade carried on by them, or

(c) any particular person concerned,

for the increase, as respects any year of assessment, of any percentage determined or deemed to be determined by the Board for any of the purposes of this Chapter in connection with any class of machinery or plant used in the class of trade in question, in connection with the class of machinery or plant in question, or in connection with any machinery or plant, or class of machinery or plant, used by the applicant, as the case may be, the Board shall consider the application and may, if they think fit, determine or redetermine the percentage in question.

(2) Where an application has been made under subsection (1) of this section, and the Board do not determine or redetermine the percentage in question or the applicant or applicants are dissatisfied with the Board’s determination or redetermination thereof, the Board, if required so to do by the applicant or applicants, shall refer the application to a Board of Referees (in fins section called " the Referees ") appointed in accordance with subsection (7) below, and the Referees shall consider the application:

Provided that where the application is made under paragraph

(c) of file said subsection (1), the Referees may, if they think fit, require the applicant to satisfy them, as respects the machinery or plant to which the application relates, that in all the circumstances it is reasonable that an application should be made otherwise than under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of that subsection and, in that event, the Referees shall consider the application only in so far as it relates to machinery or plant as respects which they are so satisfied.

(3) On the consideration of an application under subsection

(1) of this section, either as respects all or as respects some only of the machinery or plant to which it relates, the Referees may, if they think fit, direct that, as respects the year of assessment to which the application relates, such percentage as the Referees may determine to be appropriate shall be substituted, either wholly or in such cases or classes of cases as the Referees may direct, for the percentage determined or deemed to be determined by the Board, and the liability of all persons concerned to tax shall be determined accordingly and all such assessments,

36

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter II

Limit on

writing-down

allowances.

adjustments of assessments and repayments of tax shall be made as may be necessary to give effect to the direction.

The preceding sections of this Chapter shall, in relation to the exercise by the Referees of their powers under this subsection, have effect as if the references to the Board included references to the Referees.

(4) The Board may make regulations with respect to the time within which and the manner in which applications under this section are to be made and the procedure to be followed in dealing with any such application.

The power conferred by this subsection to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any statutory instrument made in the exercise of that power shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) No appeal shall lie to the General or Special Commissioners in respect of any matter which may be made or might have been made the subject of an application under this section.

(6) In the case of a percentage increased by five-fourths under section 20(4) or section 21(4) of this Act, references in this section to a percentage are references to the basic percentage.

(7) The Chairman of the Board of Referees shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor, and the other members of that Board shall be appointed by the Treasury.

This subsection shall come into force for all purposes on 6th April 1968 to the exclusion of the provisions thereby re-enacted.

27.—(1) No writing-down allowance shall be made in respect of any machinery or plant for any chargeable period if the allowance, when added to any initial allowance, relevant exceptional depreciation allowances or scientific research allowances given in respect of the machinery or plant to the person by whom the trade is carried on, and to any writing-down allowances for previous chargeable periods given in respect of the machinery or plant to that person, will make the aggregate amount of the allowances exceed the actual cost to that person of the machinery or plant, including in that actual cost any expenditure in the nature of capital expenditure on the machinery or plant by way of renewal, improvement or reinstatement.

(2) In the case of machinery or plant provided on or after the appointed day, the writing-down allowance for any chargeable period shall not exceed what, apart from any writing-down allowance falling to be made for that chargeable period, would be the amount of the capital expenditure on the provision of the machinery or plant still unallowed as at the beginning of the chargeable period.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

37

28. —(1) A writing-down allowance may be made in respect Part I of any machinery or plant in taxing a trade for any chargeable Chapter n period notwithstanding that the machinery or plant is also used Part-time use in that chargeable period for purposes other than those of the otherwise than trade, but where, in the chargeable period or its basis period, for trade machinery or plant is used for purposes other than those of PurP°9es* the trade, the writing-down allowance to be made in respect

thereof shall be so much only of the allowance that otherwise would be made as may be just and reasonable having regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case and, in particular, to the extent of the use for the said other purposes during the said chargeable period or its basis period.

(2) Where an initial allowance has been made to a person in respect of any machinery or plant but the amount thereof has been reduced under section 18(5) of this Act on the ground that the machinery or plant will be used for purposes other than those of the trade, any writing-down allowance falling to be made in respect of that machinery or plant to that person shall be calculated as if the reduction had not been made.

29. —(1) No writing-down allowance shall be made to a person Effect on

in respect of any machinery or plant in taxing a trade for any writing-down chargeable period if any sums which are in respect of, or take of

account of, the wear and tear to that machinery or plant Awards wear occasioned by its use during that chargeable period or its basis and tear, period for the purposes of the trade and do not fall to be taken into account as his income or in computing the profits or gains of any trade carried on by him are, or are to be, payable to him directly or indirectly by the Crown, or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any person other than the person carrying on the trade:

Provided that where the sums referred to in this subsection are in respect of, or take account of, part only of the wear and tear therein referred to—

(a) the preceding provisions of this subsection shall not

apply, but

(b) the amount of the allowance shall be reduced to such

extent as may be just and reasonable having regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case.

(2) Where an initial allowance has been made to a person in respect of any machinery or plant, but the amount thereof has been reduced under the proviso to section 18(6) of this Act on the ground that sums which are in respect of. or take account of, part only of the wear and tear of that machinery or plant are or are to be payable to him as therein mentioned, any writing-down allowance falling to be made to him in respect of that machinery or plant shall be calculated as if the reduction had not been made.

38

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter n Effect on writing-down allowances of previous user which has not attracted a writing-down allowance.

30.—(1) In determining whether any, and if so what, writing-down allowance falls to be made to a person for any chargeable period in respect of any machinery or plant which has been used by him before that chargeable period, there shall be deemed to have been made to him for every previous chargeable period (including chargeable periods during which the machinery or plant was not used for the purposes of the trade, and chargeable periods during which the trade was not carried on by him) such writing-down allowance or greater writing-down allowance, if any, as would have fallen to be made to him if all the conditions specified in subsection (2) of this section had been fulfilled in relation to every such previous chargeable period.

(2) The said conditions are as follows, that is to say—

(a) that the trade had been carried on by the person in

question ever since the date on which he acquired the machinery or plant and had been so carried on by him in such circumstances that the profits or gains thereof were liable to assessment to tax, and

(b) that the machinery or plant had been used by him for

the purposes of the trade ever since that date, and

(c) that a proper claim had been duly made by him for a

writing-down allowance in respect of the machinery or plant for every relevant chargeable period, and

(d) that no question arose in connection with any charge-

able period as to the machinery or plant having been wholly or partly used by him otherwise than for the purposes of the trade, or as to there being payable to him, directly or indirectly, any sums in respect of, or taking account of, the wear and tear of the machinery or plant.

In the case of a company paragraph (a) above shall not alter the periods which are to be taken as chargeable periods, but if during any time after the year 1965-66, and after the company acquired the machinery or plant, the company has not been within the charge to corporation tax, any year of assessment or part of a year of assessment falling within that time shall be taken as a chargeable period as if it had been an accounting period of the company.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, the chargeable periods for which a writing-down allowance is to be deemed thereunder to have been made shall not include chargeable periods during which machinery or plant was used only for the purposes of activities carried on by the person in question before the commencement by him of the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature, being activities consisting of—

(a) searching for or discovering and testing deposits or winning access thereto, or

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

39

(6) the construction of any works which are likely to be of Part I little or no value when the source is no longer worked chapier U or, where the source is worked under a foreign concession, which are likely to become valueless when the concession comes to an end to the person working the source immediately before the concession comes to an end.

Ships and motor cars

31. —(1) In the case of writing-down allowances in respect New ships, of capital expenditure incurred after 5th April 1965 on the provision of a new ship section 20(1) of this Act shall apply as

if, instead of requiring such an allowance for a chargeable period to be a percentage, determined in accordance with the subsequent provisions of the said section 20, of the amount referred to in that subsection, it required the allowance to be so much of that amount as is specified by the person to whom the allowance is to be made in making his claim for the allowance; and accordingly the other subsections of section 20, and sections 21 and 24 of this Act, shall not apply in relation to such allowances.

(2) For the purposes of this section "new" means unused and not second-hand, but a ship shall not be treated as secondhand in relation to a claimant for an allowance in respect of it by reason of the property in the ship or any part thereof having previously passed to a person other than the claimant, if the ship has not been taken over from the builder by any such person.

32. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section and of section Motor cars. 19(3) of this Act, the amount of a writing-down allowance in

respect of the expenditure incurred on the provision of a vehicle to which this section applies shall not exceed £500.

(2) Where the amount of a writing-down allowance, if calculated in accordance with section 20 of this Act, would be reduced by subsection (1) above, the allowance shall, notwithstanding anything in section 21 or 24 of this Act, be so calculated.

(3) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect as respects the application of the Income Tax Acts and the Corporation Tax Acts to vehicles to which this section applies.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section, the vehicles to which this section applies are mechanically propelled road vehicles constructed or adapted for the carriage of passengers, other than vehicles of a type not commonly used as a private vehicle and unsuitable to be so used.

40

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter II

Balancing allowances and balancing charges.

(5) This section does not apply where a vehicle is provided, or as the case may be hired, wholly or mainly for the purpose of hire to, or the carriage of, members of the public in the ordinary course of trade.

(6) This section does not apply in relation to a vehicle provided by a person who is a manufacturer of such vehicles as are mentioned in subsection (4) above, or of parts or accessories for such vehicles, if he shows that it was provided solely for the purpose of testing the vehicle or parts or accessories for such vehicles:

Provided that if during the period of five years beginning with the time when the vehicle was provided he puts it, to any substantial extent, to a use which does not serve that purpose and that purpose only, this subsection shall be deemed not to have had effect in relation to the vehicle.

(7) Subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall not apply to a writing-down allowance in respect of expenditure incurred before 17th April 1961, or to expenditure incurred under a contract entered into before that date where either—

(a) the expenditure was incurred within twelve months after

that date, or

(b) the contract is one of hire-purchase or for purchase

by instalments.

Balancing allowances, balancing , etc.

33.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where any of the following events occurs in the case of any machinery or plant belonging to a person carrying on a trade and provided or used for the purposes of the trade, that is to say, either—

(a) any event occurring after the setting up and before the

permanent discontinuance of the trade whereby the machinery or plant ceases to belong to the person carrying on the trade (whether on a sale of the machinery or plant or in any other circumstances of any description), or

(b) any event occurring after the setting up and before the

permanent discontinuance of the trade whereby the machinery or plant (while continuing to belong to the person carrying on the trade) permanently ceases to be used for the purposes of a trade carried on by him, or

(c) the permanent discontinuance of the trade, the

machinery or plant not having previously ceased to belong to the person carrying on the trade,

an allowance or charge (in this Chapter referred to as "a balancing allowance" or "a balancing charge") shall, in the

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

41

circumstances mentioned in this section, be made to, or as the case may be, on, that person for the chargeable period related to that event:

Provided that where as respects any machinery or plant an event falling within any of paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above is followed by another event falling within any of those paragraphs, the later event shall not be treated as an event giving rise, or which may give rise, to a balancing allowance or balancing charge in respect of that machinery or plant

(2) Where a discontinuance within subsection (l)(c) above occurs which gives rise, or might give rise, to a balancing allowance or balancing charge under this Chapter in respect of machinery or plant and at or about the time of the discontinuance there occurs in relation to the machinery or plant any event such as is mentioned in paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) of section 86(1) of this Act then for the purposes of this section the amount of any net proceeds, compensation, receipts or insurance moneys mentioned in the said paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and id) of the said section 86(1) which arise on the last-mentioned event shall be deemed to be an amount of sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys arising on the permanent discontinuance of the trade:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where the event within the said section 86(1) is a sale at less than the open-market price other than a sale to which section 78 of this Act applies; and for the purposes of this proviso—

(a) " open-market price ", in relation to any machinery or

plant, means the price which the machinery or plant would have fetched if sold in the open market at the time of the event in question,

(b) a sale at less than the open-market price does not in-

clude a sale in such circumstances that there is a charge to tax under Schedule E by virtue of the provisions of Chapter II of Part VI of the Income Tax Act 1952 (taxation of benefits in kind provided for directors and employees).

(3) Where there are no sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys, or where the amount of the capital expenditure of the person in question on the provision of the machinery or plant still unallowed as at the time of the event exceeds those moneys, a balancing allowance shall be made, and the amount thereof shall be the amount of the expenditure still unallowed as aforesaid, or, as the case may be, of the excess thereof over the said moneys.

(4) If the sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys exceed the amount, if any, of the said expenditure still unallowed

B*

Part I Chapter 11

1952 c. 10.

42

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter n

1952 c. 33.

1939 c. 57.

Notional sales in certain cases.

as at the time of the event, a balancing charge shall be made, and the amount on which it is made shall be an amount equal to the excess or, where the said amount still unallowed is nil, to the said moneys.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of this section, in no case shall the amount on which a balancing charge is made on a person exceed the aggregate of the following amounts that is to say—

(a) the amount of the initial allowance, if any, made to him

in respect of the expenditure in question, and

(b) the amount of any writing-down allowance made to him in respect of the machinery or plant in question, and

(c) the amount of any relevant exceptional depreciation

allowance made to him in respect of the machinery or plant, and

(d) the amount of any scientific research allowances made to him in respect of the expenditure, and

(e) the amount of any balancing allowance previously made

to him in respect of the expenditure.

(6) The proviso to subsection (1) above does not apply to any event as being later than an event which occurred before 9th July 1952 (the date of commencement of the Finance Act 1952).

(7) Where the loss of a ship is due to a war risk connected with any war in which His Majesty was engaged on 15th June 1945, then, notwithstanding that the loss occurs after the conclusion of, or of hostilities in, that war, no balancing charge shall be made by reason of the loss in respect of expenditure on the ship.

In this subsection,44 war risk " means any risk falling within the definition of44 war risks " contained in the form of policy set out in the First Schedule to an agreement for reinsurance of British ships made by the Minister of War Transport on 16th September 1943, a copy of which was laid before each House of Parliament on 4th November 1943, in pursuance of section 1(2) of the War Risks Insurance Act 1939.

34*—(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, subsection (2) below shall have effect where an event occurs which gives rise or might give rise to a balancing allowance or balancing charge in respect of machinery or plant, and either—

(a) the event is the permanent discontinuance of the trade and immediately after the time of the discontinuance the machinery or plant continues to belong to the

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

43

person by whom the trade was carried on immediately before the said time and the case is not one falling within subsection (2) of the last preceding section, or

(b) the event is the permanent discontinuance of the trade

and at the time of the discontinuance the machinery or plant is either sold at less than the open-market price, the sale not being one to which section 78 of this Act applies, or the machinery or plant is given away, or

(c) the event is the sale of the machinery or plant at less than

the open-market price, not being a sale to which the said section 78 applies, or is the gift of the machinery or plant, or

(d) the event is that, after the setting up and before the permanent discontinuance of the trade, the machinery or plant permanently ceases to be used for the purposes of a trade carried on by the person by whom the first-mentioned trade is being carried on, and so ceases either by reason of that person’s transferring the machinery or plant to other use or, on a transfer of the trade which is not treated as involving the discontinuance thereof, by reason of the retention of the machinery or plant by die transferor.

(2) For the purpose of determining whether a balancing allowance or balancing charge falls to be made and, if so, the amount of the allowance or, as the case may be, the amount on which the charge is to be made, the event shall be treated as if it had given rise to sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys of an amount equal to the open-market price of the machinery or plant

(3) Subsection (2) above shall not apply by reason of a gift of machinery or plant if the machinery or plant is given away in such circumstances that there is a charge to tax under Schedule E by virtue of the provisions of Chapter II of Part VI of the Income Tax Act 1952.

(4) In this and the next following section " open-market price ", in relation to any machinery or plant, means the price which the machinery or plant would have fetched if sold in the open market at the time of the event in question, and for the purposes of this section a sale at less than the open-market price does not include a sale in such circumstances that there is a charge to tax under Schedule E by virtue of the provisions of Chapter II of Part VI of the Income Tax Act 1952.

B* 2

Pact I Chapter n

1952 c. 10.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

44

Part I

Chapter II

Notional sale: effect on other party to transaction.

Demolition

costs.

Ch. 3

35. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where subsection (2) of the last preceding section has effect by reason of the gift or sale of machinery or plant to any person, and that person receives or purchases it with a view to using it for the purposes of a trade carried on by him, then in determining whether any, and if so what, writing-down allowances, balancing allowances or balancing charges are to be made in connection with that trade the like consequences shall ensue as if the recipient or purchaser had purchased the machinery or plant at the open-market price.

(2) Where in a case falling within subsection (1) above the recipient or purchaser and die donor or seller by notice in writing to the inspector jointly so elect, the following provisions shall have effect.

(3) Subsection (2) of the last preceding section and subsection

(1) above shall have effect as if for the references to the open-market price there were substituted references to that price or the amount of the expenditure on the provision of the machinery or plant still unallowed immediately before the gift or sale, whichever is the lower.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Chapter, such balancing charge, if any, shall be made on the recipient or purchaser on any event occurring after the date of the gift or sale as would have fallen to be made on the donor or seller if the donor or seller had continued to own the machinery or plant and had done all such things and been allowed all such allowances in connection therewith as were done by or allowed to the recipient or purchaser. 36 * *

36. —(1) Where machinery or plant is demolished, and the demolition either gives rise, or might give rise, to a balancing allowance or charge to or on the person incurring the cost of demolition, or (by virtue of section 33(2) of this Act) affects or might affect such an allowance or charge on the permanent discontinuance of a trade, the net cost to him of the demolition shall be added for the purposes of this Chapter to the amount of the capital expenditure incurred on the provision of that machinery or plant still unallowed as at the time of the demolition or of the discontinuance, as the case may be.

(2) The cost or net cost to a person of the demolition of any property shall not, if subsection (1) above applies to it, be treated, for the purposes of this Part or Part II of this Act, as expenditure incurred in respect of any other property by which that property is replaced.

(3) In this section any reference to the net cost of the demolition of any property is a reference to the excess, if any, of the cost of the demolition over any moneys received for the remains of the property.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

45

37. Where any machinery or plant which has been used by a part I person for the purposes of a trade carried on by him has also chapter n been used by him for other purposes, then, in determining Part-time use whether a balancing allowance or balancing charge falls to be otherwise than made to or on him in taxing the trade and in determining the for trade amount of the allowance or, as the case may be, the amount on purposes, which the charge is to be made, regard shall be had to all the

relevant circumstances of the case and, in particular, to the extent of the use for the said other purposes, and there shall be made to or on him an allowance of such an amount, or, as the case may be, a charge on such an amount, as may be just and reasonable.

38. No balancing allowance or balancing charge shall be Subsidies made to or on any person in respect of any machinery or plant towards wear in taxing a trade if any sums which are in respect of, or take 311(1 tear* account of, the wear and tear to that machinery or plant occasioned by its use for the purposes of the trade, and do not

fall to be taken into account as his income or in computing the profits or gains of any trade carried on by him, were paid, or are or are to be payable, to him directly or indirectly by the Crown, or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any person other than the person carrying on the trade:

Provided that where the sums referred to in this section are in respect of, or take account of, part only of the wear and tear therein referred to—

(a) the preceding provisions of this section shall not apply,

but

(b) in determining whether it is an allowance or a charge

which is to be made and the amount of the allowance or, as the case may be, the amount on which the charge is to be made, regard shall be had to all the relevant circumstances of the case and there shall be made an allowance of such an amount or, as the case may be, a charge on such an amount, as may be just and reasonable. 39

39. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the pro-Effect on visions of section 30 of this Act shall apply for the purposes balancing

of determining whether any, and if so what, balancing allowance baJandnjT *

or balancing charge falls to be made to or on a person as they charges of

apply for the purpose of determining whether any, and if so previous user

what, writing-down allowance falls to be made to a person. which has not

attracted

(2) The only chargeable periods for which a writing-down allowances, allowance is to be deemed for the purposes of this section to have been made shall be chargeable periods during which (he machinery or plant was not used by the person in question for

46

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter n

Option in case of replacement of machinery or plant

the purposes of the trade and chargeable periods during which the trade was not carried on by him, or was not carried on by him in such circumstances that the profits or gains thereof were liable to assessment to tax.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions of section 33(5) of this Act

49.—(1) Where machinery or plant in the case of which any of the events mentioned in section 33(1) of this Act has occurred is replaced by the owner thereof and a balancing charge falls to be made on him by reason of that event or, but for the provisions of this subsection, would have fallen to be made on him by reason thereof, then, if by notice in writing to the inspector he so elects, the following provisions shall have effect that is to say—

(a) if the amount on which the charge would have been

made is greater than the capital expenditure on providing the new machinery or plant—

(i) the charge shall be made only on an amount equal to the difference, and

(ii) no initial allowance, no balancing allowance and no writing-down allowance shall be made in respect of the new machinery or plant or the expenditure on the provision thereof, and

fiii) in considering whether any, and if so what, balancing charge falls to be made in respect of the expenditure on the new machinery or plant, there shall be deemed to have been made in respect of that expenditure an initial allowance equal to the full amount of that expenditure,

(b) if the capital expenditure on providing the new mach-

inery or plant is equal to or greater than the amount on which the charge would have been made—

(i) the charge shall not be made, and

(ii) the amount of any initial allowance in respect of the said expenditure and the amount of any writing-down allowance shall be calculated as if the expenditure had been reduced by the amount on which the charge would have been made, and

(iii) in considering whether any, and if so what, balancing allowance or balancing charge falls to be made in respect of the new machinery or plant, the initial allowance granted in respect thereof shall be deemed to have been increased by an amount equal to the amount on which the charge would have

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

47

been made or, if no initial allowance is granted, there Part I shall be deemed to have been made an initial chapter n allowance equal to that amount

(2) Where a person carrying on a trade replaces any machinery or plant provided before the appointed day, which has become obsolete and that person by notice in writing to the inspector so elects—

(a) in estimating the profits or gains of the trade there shall be allowed to be deducted as expenses incurred in any chargeable period so much of any amount expended in that chargeable period in replacing the machinery or plant as is equivalent to the cost of the machinery or plant replaced after deducting from that cost—

O) the total amount of any initial allowance, writing-down allowances, relevant exceptional depreciation allowances and scientific research allowances which have been made in respect of the machinery or plant replaced, and

fid any sum realised by the sale of the machinery or plant replaced, and

(b) no balancing allowance shall be made in respect of the machinery or plant replaced.

(3) Notwithstanding section 36(2) of this Act, the cost of demolishing any machinery or plant which is replaced by other machinery or plant shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (2) above both as an amount expended in replacing the machinery or plant and as part of the cost of the machinery or plant replaced.

Supplemental

41. References in this Chapter to the amount still unallowed Meaning of of any expenditure as at any time shall be construed as refer-ences to the amount of that expenditure less—

(a) the initial allowance, if any, made in respect thereof to

the person who incurred it, and

(b) any writing-down allowances made to him in respect of

the machinery or plant on the provision of which the expenditure was incurred, being allowances made for any chargeable period such that the chargeable period or its basis period ended before the time in question, and

(c) any relevant exceptional depreciation allowance made to him in respect of that machinery or plant, and

B* 4

48

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter II

Allowances to lessors of machinery and plant.

Allowances to lessees of machinery and plant

(d) any scientific research allowance made to him in respect of that machinery or plant, and

(e) any balancing allowance made to him in respect of the expenditure.

42.—(1) Where machinery or plant is let upon such terms that the burden of the wear and tear thereof falls directly upon the lessor, there shall be made to him, for each chargeable period, an allowance on account of the wear and tear of so much of the machinery or plant as is in use at the end of the chargeable period:

Provided that if the letting continues for part only of the chargeable period, the allowance, as computed in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Chapter, shall be proportionately reduced.

(2) The provisions of this Chapter shall apply in relation to any such lessor of machinery or plant as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section as if die machinery or plant were, during the period of the letting, in use for the purposes of a trade carried on by him, and as if any reference to writing-down allowances included a reference to any allowance made under this section.

43.—(1) Where machinery or plant is let to the person by whom the trade is being carried on, on the terms of his being bound to maintain the same and deliver it over in good condition at the end of the lease, the machinery or plant shall be deemed to belong to that person for the purposes of section 19 of this Act and that person shall be deemed for those purposes to have incurred, at the time of the letting, capital expenditure equal to so much of the capital expenditure on the provision of the machinery or plant as may appear to the inspector to be just and reasonable:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any machinery or plant unless the inspector is satisfied, having regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case, that the burden of the wear and tear of the machinery or plant will in fact fall directly upon that person.

On an appeal to the General Commissioners or Special Commissioners, the Commissioners shall have jurisdiction to review any relevant decision taken by the inspector under this subsection.

(2) Section 31 of this Act shall not apply to allowances falling to be made to a person in respect of expenditure on the provision of a ship treated as incurred by him by virtue of subsection (1) above unless the contract of letting provides that he shall or may become the owner of the ship on the performance of the

Capital Allowances Act 1968 Ch. 3 49

contract; and where the contract so provides, but without Parti becoming the owner of the ship he ceases to be entitled (other- Chapter n wise than on his death) to the benefit of the contract so far as it relates to the ship, section 31 of this Act shall be deemed not to have applied to allowances falling to be made to him in respect of the ship.

(3) Where section 31 of this Act is to be deemed not to have applied to allowances for any period, there shall be made all such assessments and adjustments of assessments as may be necessary.

44. —(1) In taxing a trade carried on in partnership the same Partnership allowances, deductions and charges shall be allowed or made using under this Chapter in respect of machinery or plant used for ProP®^_of the purposes of that trade and belonging to one or more of the a partner' partners but not being partnership property as would fall to be allowed or made if the machinery or plant had at all material

times belonged to all the partners and been partnership property and everything done by or to any of the partners in relation thereto had been done by or to all the partners.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in section 33 of this Act, a sale or gift of machinery or plant used for the purposes of a trade carried on in partnership, being a sale or gift by one or more of the partners to one or more of the partners, shall not be treated as an event giving rise to a balancing allowance or balancing charge if the machinery or plant continues to be used after the sale or gift for the purposes of that trade.

(3) References in this section to use for the purposes of a trade do not include references to use in pursuance of a letting by the partner or partners in question to the partnership or to use in consideration of the making to the partner or partners in question of any payment which may be deducted in computing the profits or gains of the trade.

45. Where a person carrying on a trade incurs capital expendi- Building ture on alterations to an existing building incidental to the instal- alterations lation of machinery or plant for the purposes of the trade, the connected with provisions of this Chapter shall have effect as if the said expendi-

ture were expenditure on the provision of that machinery or or plant. plant and as if the works representing that expenditure formed part of (hat machinery or plant

46. —(1) Any allowance or charge made to or on any person Manner of under the preceding provisions of this Chapter shall, unless it is making made under or by virtue of section 40(2) of this Act, or under allowances or by virtue of section 42 of this Act, be made to or on that and charges* person in taxing his trade.

50

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part 1 (2) Any allowance made under or by virtue of section 42 of

Chatter n this Act shall be made by way of discharge or repayment of tax and shall be available primarily against income from the letting of machinery or plant

(3) Effect shall be given to any charge made under or by virtue of section 42 of this Act—

(a) if a charge to income tax, by making the charge under

Case VI of Schedule D,

(b) if a charge to corporation tax, by treating the amount

on which the charge is to be made as income from the letting of machinery or plant

Application to professions, etc., and profits arising from occupation of land.

47.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, the provisions of this Chapter shall, with any necessary adaptations, apply in relation to—

(a) professions, employments, vocations and offices, and

(b) the occupation of woodlands, where the profits or gains

thereof are assessable under Schedule D,

as they apply in relation to trades.

(2) Where the profits or gains arising to any person from the occupation of lands (including woodlands) have, for any chargeable period, been determined by reference to assessable value, the amount still unallowed, as at any time after the end of that chargeable period, of any expenditure incurred by that person on the provision of machinery or plant in connection with those lands shall be determined, and section 27(1) of this Act shall apply, as if there had fallen to be made to him for that chargeable period the like writing-down allowances as would have fallen to be made if, for that chargeable period, the profits or gains arising from the occupation of the lands had been determined otherwise than by reference to assessable value.

(3) The operation of the provisions of subsection (2) of this section in relation to balancing allowances and balancing charges shall not be affected by anything in section 39 of this Act, but where an allowance is deemed to have been made for any chargeable period by virtue of the said subsection (2) an allowance shall not also be deemed to have been made for the same chargeable period by virtue of the said section 39.

(4) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 98(2) of this Act, the provisions of this Chapter as applied by this section

1956 c. 54. have effect subject to paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to the Finance Act 1956 (offices and employments with duties abroad).

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

51

48.—(1) Where a person succeeds to any trade which until Part I that time was carried on by another person and, by virtue— Chapter n

(a) of section 19 of the Finance Act 1953 (changes in^cceauoDs

ownership of trade), or *7™.

(b) of any provision of Part IV of the Finance Act 1965,1955 c. 23.

other than paragraph 7 of Schedule 16 (overseas trade corporations),

the trade is to be treated as discontinued, any property which, immediately before the succession takes place, was in use for the purposes of the discontinued trade and, without bring sold, is, immediately after the succession takes place, in use for the purposes of the new trade shall, for the purposes of this Chapter, be treated as if it had been sold to the successor when the succession takes place, and as if the net proceeds of the sale had been the price which that property would have fetched if sold in the open market:

Provided that no initial allowance shall be made by virtue of the provisions of this subsection.

(2) Where a person succeeds to a trade as a beneficiary under the will or on die intestacy of a deceased person who carried on that trade, the following provisions of this subsection shall, if the beneficiary by notice in writing to the inspector so elects, have effect in relation to any machinery or plant which passes to him together with the trade, being machinery or plant previously owned by the deceased person and used by him for the purposes thereof, that is to say—

(a) the reference in subsection (1) above to the price which

the machinery or plant would have fetched if sold in the open market shall, in relation to the succession and any previous succession occurring on or after the death of the deceased, be deemed to be a reference to that price or the amount of the expenditure on the provision of the machinery or plant still unallowed immediately before the succession in question, whichever is the lower, and

(b) notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) above, such

balancing charge, if any, shall be made on the beneficiary on any event occurring after his succession as would have fallen to be made on the deceased if he had not died and had continued to own the machinery or plant and had done all such things and been allowed all such allowances in connection therewith as were done by or allowed to the beneficiary or the successor on any such previous succession as is mentioned in paragraph (a) above.

52

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter II

1953 c. 34. 1952 c. 10.

(3) Subject to subsection (6) below, this subsection has effect as respects any allowance under this Chapter, other than a balancing allowance.

Where, after the setting up and before the permanent discontinuance of a trade which at any time is carried on in partnership, anything is done for the purposes thereof, any such allowance which, if the trade had at all times been carried on by one and the same person, would have fallen to be made to him shall be made to the person or persons from time to time carrying on that trade, and the amount of any such allowance shall be computed as if that person or those persons had at all times been carrying on the trade, and as if everything done to or by his or their predecessors in the carrying on thereof had been done to or by him or them.

(4) Where, after the setting up and on or before the permanent discontinuance of a trade which at any time is carried on in partnership, any event occurs which gives rise or may give rise to a balancing allowance or balancing charge under tins Chapter in respect of machinery or plant, any balancing allowance or balancing charge which, if the trade had at all times _been carried on by one and the same person, would have fallen to be made to or on him in respect of that machinery or plant by reason of that event shall be made to or on the person or persons carrying on the trade at the time of that event, and the amount of any such allowance or charge shall be computed as if that person or those persons had at all times been carrying on the trade and as if everything done to or by his or their predecessors in the carrying on thereof had been done to or by him or them:

Provided that in applying section 33(5) of this Act to any such balancing charge, the deductions and allowances allowed or made in respect of the machinery or plant for years of assessment before the year 1946-47 shall not be taken to include deductions or allowances made to, or attributable to the shares of, persons who were not, either alone or in partnership with other persons, carrying on the trade at the beginning of that year.

(5) Notwithstanding section 47(1) above this section shall not apply to any employment or office.

(6) In this section—

(a) subsection (1) shall not apply as respects a succession before the appointed day, and in that subsection the reference to section 19 of the Finance Act 1953 includes a reference to section 145 of the Income Tax Act 1952;

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

53

(b) subsection (2) shall not have effect if the latest of the Part I

successions therein referred to occurred before 9th Chapter II July 1952 (the commencement of the Finance Act 1952 c. 33. 1952);

(c) as respects events occurring before 9th July 1952, sub-

section (3) shall have effect as respects balancing allowances (as well as other allowances) under this Chapter, and (with the necessary modifications) as respects balancing charges under this Chapter, and subsection

(4) shall not have effect

49.—(1) In this Chapter "the appointed day" means 6thTransitory April 1946. Pro^sions

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the transitional provisions in Part III of this Act, any reference in this Chapter to a day * and writing-down allowance shall include a reference to any deduc- " writing-down tion under Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II allowance

of Schedule D contained in Schedule 1 to the Income Tax Act 1918 c. 40. 1918.

(3) The references to a writing-down allowance in sections 21(7), 27, 33(5), 40(2), 41 and 47(2) of this Act (but not in any other provision of this Chapter) include references to any additional deduction under section 18 of the Finance Act 1932, 1932 c. 25. or under that section as amended by section 22 of the Finance 1938 c. 46.

Act 1938.

50.—(1) Where an allowance under Chapter III of this Part Exclusion of this Act is made by virtue of section 52 of thisof double Act in respect of any expenditure, then for the pur-allowances-poses of this Chapter the amount of that expenditure (whether it is the whole or part only of the capital expenditure on the machinery or plant in question) shall be taken to be equal only to the amount of any residue of that expenditure immediately after the making of the allowance or last allowance in respect thereof under the said Chapter III, and the cost of the machinery or plant shall be treated as correspondingly reduced.

The reference in this subsection to the amount of any residue of expenditure shall be construed as if this subsection were contained in the said Chapter III.

(2) No allowance shall be made under this Chapter in respect of, or of the expenditure on, any machinery or plant if, for the same or any other chargeable period, an allowance is or can be made in respect of that expenditure under the provisions of section 68 of this Act

54

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter III

Mines, Oil Wells, etc.

Qualifying

expenditure:

general

provisions.

The main allowances

51.—(1) " Qualifying expenditure " in the provisions of this Chapter shall be construed in accordance with this and the three next following sections.

(2) "Qualifying expenditure’* means, subject to subsections

(3) and (4) below, capital expenditure incurred by any person in connection with the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature—

(a) on searching for or on discovering and testing deposits,

or winning access thereto, or

(b) on the construction of any works which are likely to be

of litde or no value when the source is no longer worked or, where the source is worked under a foreign concession, which are likely to become valueless when the concession comes to an end to the person working the source immediately before the concession comes to an end.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this Chapter, qualifying expenditure does not include—

(a) any expenditure on the acquisition of the site of the

source, or of the site of any such works as aforesaid, or of rights in or over any such site, or

(b) any expenditure on the acquisition of, or of rights in

or over, the deposits, or

(c) any expenditure on works constructed wholly or mainly

for subjecting the raw product of the source to any process, except a process designed for preparing the raw product for use as such, or

(d) any expenditure on buildings or structures provided for

occupation by or for the welfare of workers, or

(e) any expenditure on a building where the whole of the

building was constructed for use as an office, or

(f) any expenditure on so much of a building or structure

as was constructed for use as an office, unless the capital expenditure on the construction of the part of the building or structure constructed for use as an office was not more than one-tenth of the capital expenditure incurred on the construction of the whole of the building or structure.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

55

(4) Subject to the next following section, qualifying expendi- Part I tore does not include any expenditure on machinery or plant. Chapter m or on any asset which has been treated for any chargeable period as machinery or plant

52.—(1) Notwithstanding section 51(4) above expenditure Machinery within section 51(2)(a) above shall, subject to die other provisions of this Chapter, include expenditure on machinery or plant:

Provided that this Part of this Act shall have effect subject to Schedule 5 to this Act

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) above, where in any chargeable period a machinery or plant allowance is or has been made in respect of any expenditure, that expenditure shall not by virtue of subsection (1) above be treated in relation to that or any subsequent chargeable period as qualifying expenditure.

In this subsection "machinery or plant allowance'* means an initial allowance under Chapter II of this Part of this Act, or a writing-down allowance within the meaning of the said Chapter II.

53.—(1) Subject to this section, capital expenditure incurred Overseas by any person in connection with the working of a mine, oil "iaeral rights, well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature outside the United Kingdom, being expenditure on the acquisition of, or of rights in or over, the deposits, shall, notwithstanding anything in section 51 of this Act, be qualifying expenditure:

Provided that this Part of this Act shall have effect subject to Schedule 5 to this Act.

(2) References in this section to expenditure on the acquisition of deposits or rights shall not in any event include—

(a) expenditure which, apart from this and the next follow-

ing section, is qualifying expenditure as defined in section 51(1) of this Act, or

(b) expenditure on machinery or plant, or on any asset

which has been treated for any chargeable period as machinery or plant, or

(c) expenditure on any building or structure.

(3) References in this section to capital expenditure include references to any payments of minimum royalties or dead rents.

56

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter III

Acquisition of land outside the United Kingdom.

or any other similar payments, being payments of royalties or rents or other payments which cannot be taken into account as deductions in computing profits or gains for tax purposes by reason of the fact that no trade, or no relevant trade, was being carried on at the relevant time by the person making the payments.

(4) In no case shall the amount on which a balancing charge is made upon a person be increased by virtue of the provisions of this section by more than the total amount by which writing-down allowances made to that person are increased by virtue thereof.

54.—(1) Subject to this section, capital expenditure incurred by any person in connection with the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature under a foreign concession, being expenditure on the acquisition of land outside the United Kingdom which is to be used in connection with the working of the source and is likely to become valueless when the concession comes to an end to the person working the source immediately before the concession comes to an end, shall, notwithstanding anything in section 51 of this Act, be qualifying expenditure:

Provided that this Part of this Act shall have effect subject to Schedule 5 to this Act

(2) This section shall not apply—

(a) to expenditure which, apart from this section, is qualify-

ing expenditure, or

(b) to expenditure on machinery or plant, or on any asset

which has been treated for any chargeable period as machinery or plant, or

(c) to expenditure on the acquisition of a building or struc-

ture for use in connection with the working of a source of mineral deposits, in so far as the expenditure is attributable to the building or structure and not to its site, if—

(i) the building or structure when so used is an industrial building or structure within the meaning of Chapter I of this Part of this Act, and

(ii) the interest acquired is the relevant interest, within the meaning of that Chapter, in relation to the capital expenditure incurred on the construction of that building or structure.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

57

(3) In no case shall the amount on which a balancing charge Part I is made upon a person be increased by virtue of the provisions chapter in of this section by more than the total amount by which writing-down allowances made to that person are increased by virtue thereof.

55.—(1) The net cost to a person of the demolition of an Demolition asset representing qualifying expenditure incurred by him shallcosts-be added for the purposes of this Chapter to the residue, immediately before the demolition, of the expenditure represented by the asset

(2) The cost or net cost to a person of the demolition of any property shall not, if subsection (1) above applies to it, be treated, for the purposes of this Part or Part II of this Act as expenditure incurred in respect of any other property by which that property is replaced.

(3) Any reference in this section to the net cost of the demolition of any property is a reference to the excess, if any, of the cost of the demolition over any moneys received for the remains of the property.

56.—(1) Where a person carrying on a trade which consists initial of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source allowances, of mineral deposits of a wasting nature incurs for the purposes of the trade any qualifying expenditure on the construction of works likely to have little or no value to him when the source is no longer worked, there shall be made to him, for the chargeable period related to the incurring of the expenditure, an allowance (in this Chapter referred to as " an initial allowance ").

(2) The initial allowance shall be of an amount equal to two-fifths of the expenditure within subsection (1) above:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act.

57.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a Writing-down person carrying on a trade which consists of or includes the allowances, working of any mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature has, at any time before the end of a chargeable period or its basis period, incurred for the purposes of that trade qualifying expenditure, an allowance (in this Chapter referred to as a "writing-down allowance") shall be made to him for that chargeable period in respect of the whole

58

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I of the qualifying expenditure which he has incurred for the pur-Chapter m poses of the trade and in connection with that source at any time before the end of the said chargeable period or its basis period.

(2) The amount of the said allowance shall be the amount which results from applying to the residue of the expenditure the

A

fraction where—

A + B

' "A" is the output from the source in question in the

chargeable period in question or its basis period, and

" B " is the total potential future output of the source, estimated as at the end of the said chargeable period or its basis period,

or the alternative fraction specified in subsection (3) below, whichever is the greater.

(3) The said alternative fraction is one-twentieth, so, however, that for a chargeable period of less than a year that alternative fraction shall be proportionately reduced.

(4) Where the source ceases to be worked or, in the case of a source worked under a foreign concession, the concession comes to an end, the person carrying on the trade may elect that the writing-down allowances, if any, for any chargeable period beginning within the six years which end with the date of that event shall be computed as if the reference in subsection (2) of this section to the total potential future output of the source estimated as at the end of the chargeable period or its basis period were a reference to the actual output of the source between the end of the chargeable period or its basis period and the happening of the said event, and the said allowances shall be computed accordingly, and notwithstanding anything in the Income Tax Acts or the Corporation Tax Acts limiting the time for the making of assessments or the allowance of claims for repayment, all such repayments and assessments shall be made as are necessary to enable effect to be given to this subsection.

(5) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to expenditure incurred before the appointed day, but where, on the appointed day, a person was carrying on a trade which consisted of or included the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if he had on that day incurred for the purposes of the trade and in connection with the source qualifying expenditure of the amount specified in Schedule 6 to this Act:

Provided that if he considers that that amount is inadequate having regard to the dates on which qualifying expenditure was

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

59

actually incurred in connection with the source before the Part I appointed day, he may apply to the inspector for relief, and Chapter m the inspector may authorise such increase in that amount as may be appropriate.

On an appeal to the General Commissioners or Special Commissioners, die Commissioners shall have jurisdiction to review any relevant decision taken by the inspector under this subsection.

(6) References in this section to the residue of any expenditure, in relation to the writing-down allowance to be made for any chargeable period, are references to the amount thereof winch remains after deducting therefrom—

(a) any initial allowances made in respect of that expendi-

ture or any part thereof for that or any previous chargeable period, and

(b) any writing-down allowances made in respect of that

expenditure or any part thereof for any previous chargeable period, and

(c) where the expenditure consists of or includes expendi-

ture on a building, any relevant exceptional depreciation allowances made in respect of the building for the year 1946-47, and

W) subject to the provisions of the next following section, if, before the end of the chargeable period for which the allowance is to be made, or its basis period, any asset representing the expenditure is sold or demolished or destroyed, the sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys.

58.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect Sale of source

where— or P®* of

source as

(a) a person who is carrying on a trade which consists of going concern.

or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature sells assets representing qualifying expenditure, and

(b) the buyer of those assets buys them for the purposes of

a trade carried on or to be carried on by him, being a trade which consists of or includes the working of the whole or any part of the source in connection with which the assets were provided.

(2) If the net proceeds of the sale are less than the residue of the expenditure on the assets immediately before the sale, an allowance (in this Chapter referred to as " a balancing allowance ") shall be made to the seller, for the chargeable period related to the sale, equal to the difference.

60

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter III

(3) If the net proceeds of the sale exceed the residue of the expenditure on the assets immediately before the sale, a charge (in this Chapter referred to as " a balancing charge ") shall be made on the seller, for the chargeable period related to the sale, on the amount of the excess.

(4) If the source in connection with which the expenditure was incurred has been worked before the appointed day, subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall have effect subject to the modification that the amount of the balancing allowance or the amount on which the balancing charge is made shall be

A

reduced by applying thereto the fraction----where—

B

"A" is the total output from the source in the period which begins with the appointed day and ends with the time of the sale, and

" B " is the total output from the source up to the time of the sale:

Provided that if the person to whom a balancing allowance is to be made in respect of any expenditure considers that the amount by which the allowance is to be reduced under this subsection is excessive having regard to the dates on which the expenditure was actually incurred, he may apply to the inspector for relief, and the inspector may authorise such smaller reduction as may be appropriate.

On an appeal to the General Commissioners or Special Commissioners, the Commissioners shall have jurisdiction to review any relevant decision taken by the inspector under this subsection.

(5) In no case shall the amount on which a balancing charge is made upon a person in respect of any assets exceed the difference between—

(a) the qualifying expenditure which he incurred upon the

assets, and

(b) the residue of that expenditure immediately before the

sale.

(6) Whether a balancing allowance or balancing charge is made upon the seller or not, the deduction to be made in the case of the seller in respect of the assets under subsection (6

of the last preceding section shall, instead of being the sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys, be the residue of the expenditure attributable to the assets immediately before the sale.

(7) The buyer shall, for the purposes of the provisions of this Chapter relating to writing-down allowances, balancing allowances and balancing charges, be deemed to have incurred

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

6J

on the assets at the time of the sale qualifying expenditure equal Part I to whichever is the less of the following amounts, that is to say— chapter III

(a) so much of the price as is attributable to the assets, and

(b) the residue of the expenditure on the assets immediately

after the sale:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to a sale before the appointed day.

59. Where a person incurs qualifying expenditure on search- Expenditure ing for, discovering and testing the mineral deposits of any incurred by mine, oil well or other source of a wasting nature and winning access to those deposits, and, without having carried on any thetradeof trade which consists of or includes the working of the source, mining, etc. he sells any assets representing that expenditure, then, if the person who acquires the assets carries on such a trade as aforesaid in connection with the source, that person shall, for the purposes of this Chapter, be deemed to have incurred for the purposes of the trade and in connection with the source qualifying expenditure equal to the amount of the qualifying expenditure which is represented by the assets or the price paid by him for the assets, whichever is the smaller.

Other allowances

50.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where, for Writing-down the purposes of a trade carried on or about to be carried on by allowances him, a person incurs capital expenditure on the acquisition of *°r mineral a mineral asset the acquisition of which entitles him to work a uSed* mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting Kingdom, nature in the United Kingdom, and the trade consists of or includes the working of that source, he shall be entitled for the chargeable period related to the incurring of the expenditure and subsequent chargeable periods to a writing-down allowance in respect of the expenditure.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, the writing-down allowance for a chargeable period shall be equal to the fraction mentioned below of the royalty value of the output in that chargeable period or its basis period from the source to which the expenditure relates, that is to say—

(a) where the first working of the source after the expendi-

ture was incurred was less than ten years before the end of that chargeable period or its basis period, one-half,

(b) where that first working was less than twenty but not

less than ten years before the end of the chargeable period or its basis period, one-quarter,

(c) in any other case, one-tenth.

62

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I (3) A writing-down allowance under this section in respect of Chapter in any expenditure shall not be made to a person for a chargeable period unless the amount of the expenditure exceeds the aggregate of any allowances under this section made to him for previous chargeable periods in respect of the expenditure together with any capital sums accruing to him in or before the said chargeable period or its basis period by virtue of his acquisition of the mineral asset in question, and where made shah not be greater than the amount of the excess; and for this purpose there shall be deemed to have been made for years preceding the year 1963-64 such annual allowances as would 1963 c. 25. have fallen to be made if section 37 of the Finance Act 1963 (which is re-enacted in this section) had always had effect

(4) Where in any chargeable period or its basis period a person ceases to work the source to which capital expenditure incurred by him relates and, apart from this and the last preceding subsection, a writing-down allowance under this section would fall to be made to him for that chargeable period in respect of the expenditure, the allowance shall not be made, and—

(a) if the aggregate of any allowances under this section

made to him for previous chargeable periods in respect of the expenditure exceeds so much of the expenditure as represents the cost of acquiring the output got by him from the source (other than output got before 4th April 1963), a balancing charge on an amount equal to the excess shall be made on him for that chargeable period, or

(b) if that aggregate is less than so much of the expendi-

ture as represents the cost of acquiring that output, a balancing allowance equal to the difference shall be made to him for that chargeable period.

(5) So much of the capital expenditure incurred by a person on the acquisition of a mineral asset as remains after deducting—

(a) the market value of the asset at the time the source to

which the expenditure relates ceases to be worked by him, and

(b) any capital sums accruing to him before that time by virtue of his acquisition of the asset,

shall be taken for the purposes of subsection (4) above to represent the cost of acquiring the output got by him from the source; and where part of the output was got by him before 4th April 1963, the cost of acquiring the part got on or after that date shall be taken for those purposes to be an amount which bears to the amount so remaining the same proportion

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

63

as the royalty value of the output from the source on or after Part 1 that date bears to the royalty value of the whole output got Chapter m by virtue of the expenditure.

In this subsection "market value*', in relation to an asset, means the price which it might reasonably be expected to fetch on a sale in the open market (whether for use by the purchaser for mining purposes or other purposes) if, before the sale, the owner of the asset had carried out such works (if any) for restoring or otherwise making good the land surface at the site of the source as, having regard to the obligations imposed on him and other relevant circumstances, he might reasonably be expected to carry out whether or not he sold the asset, but reduced by so much of that price as is attributable to matters not representing any part of the capital expenditure in question.

(6) Where a balancing adjustment is made in respect of a person under subsection (4) of this section, or would fall to be so made if the relevant amounts were not equal, and after ceasing to work the source he carries out any works for restoring or otherwise making good the land surface at the site of the source, the cost of those works shall not be taken into account in computing for the purposes of tax under Case I of Schedule D the profits or gains of his trade unless it was assumed, in computing the market value of the asset for the purposes of the said subsection (4), that those works would be carried out

(7) Where any allowance under this section falls to be made to a person for the chargeable period related to his ceasing to work the source to which the expenditure relates, or for a previous chargeable period, and in a later chargeable period or its basis period he again begins to work the source, then—

(a) in computing, in accordance with subsection (2) of this

section, the amount of a writing-down allowance for the later chargeable period or any subsequent chargeable period, the period between the cessation and recommencement of working shall be disregarded, and

(b) in computing, for the purposes of subsection (3) or (4)

of this section, the aggregate of allowances for previous chargeable periods, those allowances shall be treated as reduced by the amount on which any balancing charge under paragraph (a) of the said subsection (4) has been made in respect of the expenditure.

(8) Where a person (in this subsection referred to as "tho transferee") acquires a mineral asset from another person (in this subsection referred to as " the transferor"), and the transferee is a body of persons over whom the transferor has control, or the transferor is a body of persons over whom the transferee has control, or both the transferee and the transferor are bodies

64

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I of persons and some other person has control over both of them. Chapter in the capital expenditure incurred by the transferee on the acquisition of the asset shall be taken for the purposes of this section (including this subsection) not to exceed the capital expenditure incurred by the transferor on its acquisition by him or, where the asset consists of an interest or right grantkl by the transferor, so much of the capital expenditure so incurred by the transferor as, on a just apportionment, is referable to that interest or right; and the expenditure incurred by the transferee shall where necessary be treated as reduced accordingly.

(9) Where in any chargeable period or its basis period a person, having previously incurred capital expenditure on the acquisition of a mineral asset the acquisition of which entitled him to work a source, incurs for the purposes of the trade capital expenditure on the acquisition of another mineral asset the acquisition of which entities him to work the same source, this section shall apply as respects that chargeable period and subsequent chargeable periods as if the assets were one mineral asset capital expenditure on the acquisition of which was incurred by him when he incurred the first-mentioned expenditure and was of an amount equal to the aggregate of that expenditure and the further expenditure:

Provided that where the first-mentioned expenditure was incurred before 4th April 1963 and the further expenditure on or after that date—

(a) no greater allowances shall for the purpose of subsection

(3) of this section be deemed by reason of this subsection to have been made before that date, and

(b) the cost of acquiring output got before that date, as computed under subsection (5) of this section, shall not by reason of this subsection be treated as increased.

If the asset to which the further expenditure relates extends to mineral deposits or land not included in the asset to which the first-mentioned expenditure relates, so much of it as so extends shall be treated for the purposes of this section as a separate mineral asset, and the further expenditure shall be apportioned between the assets as may be just. 10

(10) References in this section to expenditure on the acquisition of an asset do not include—

(a) qualifying expenditure as defined in section 51(1) of this

Act, or

(b) expenditure on machinery or plant, or on any asset

which has been treated for any chargeable period as machinery or plant, or

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

65

(c) expenditure on any building or structure, Part I

and where expenditure was incurred on the acquisition of an m

asset in respect of which, for chargeable periods previous to a chargeable period for which he first becomes entitled in respect of the expenditure to an allowance under this section, the person incurring the expenditure has been allowed any deductions under Schedule 9 to the Finance Act 1963, the expenditure shall 1963 c. 25. be treated for the purposes of this section as reduced by so much of those deductions as, if he had been entitled to an allowance under this section for earlier chargeable periods, would have been excluded by paragraph 5 of that Schedule.

(11) In this section—

"basis period* means, for any year of assessment, the period on the profits or gains of which income tax for that year falls to be finally computed under Case I of Schedule D in respect of the trade in question or, where, by virtue of any provision of section 127 of the Income Tax Act 1952, the profits or gains of any other 1952 c. 10. period are to be taken to be the profits or gains of the said period, that other period;

" mineral asset * means any mineral deposits or land comprising mineral deposits, or any interest in or right over such deposits or land;

" output *, in relation to a source, means mineral deposits lifted or extracted from the source;

" royalty value *, in relation to any output from a source, means the amount of the royalties that would be payable on that output if the person working the source were a lessee under a lease, for a term expiring immediately after that output was produced, granted to him at the date when the expenditure in question was incurred and providing for the payment of such royalties on output from the source as might reasonably have been expected to be provided for by such a lease, but reduced by the amount of any royalties actually payable in respect of that output

(12) This subsection shall have effect for determining for the purposes of this section the amount of any capital sum accruing to a person by virtue of his acquisition of a mineral asset.

Where the property in question is sold at a price other than that which it would have fetched if sold in the open market, the like consequences shall ensue for the said purposes as would have ensued if the property had been sold for the price which it would have fetched if sold in the open market.

66

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter m

Contributions by mining concerns to public services, etc., outside the United Kingdom.

1952 c. 33.

61.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a person, for the purposes of a trade carried on by him which consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature outside the United Kingdom, incurs expenditure by contributing a capital sum to the cost of—

(a) buildings to be occupied by persons employed at or in

connection with the working of that source, or

(b) works for the supply of water, gas or electricity wholly

or mainly to buildings occupied or to be occupied by persons so employed, or

(c) works to be used in providing other services or facilities

wholly or mainly for the welfare of persons so employed or their dependants,

and the buildings or works are likely to be of little or no value when the source is no longer worked, then writing-down allow* ances shall be made to him in respect of that expenditure during a writing-down period of ten years beginning with the chargeable period related to the incurring of the expenditure.

(2) This section shall not apply—

(a) to expenditure resulting in the acquisition of an asset by

the person incurring the expenditure, or

(b) to expenditure in respect of which an allowance may be

made under any other provision of the Income Tax Acts or the Corporation Tax Acts (or might be so made if this section, and section 22 of the Finance Act 1952, which is re-enacted in this section, had not been passed).

(3) If a person who has incurred expenditure to which this section applies in connection with any source of mineral deposits sells his interest in that source to a person who buys it for the purpose of a trade carried on or to be carried on by him, being a trade which consists of or includes the working of that source, then—

(a) no allowance in respect of that expenditure shall be made to the first-mentioned person for any chargeable period after the chargeable period related to the sale, and the allowance (if any) to be made to him for the chargeable period related to the sale shall be the fraction of the full allowance which the part of the chargeable period related to the sale falling before the sale is of the whole of the said chargeable period related to the sale, and

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

67

(b) for the part of the writing-down period remaining at the beginning of the last chargeable period for which an allowance is made to the first-mentioned person, allowances shall be made to the second-mentioned person as if he had incurred the expenditure for the purposes of the said trade, but so that the allowance for a chargeable period not wholly comprised in that part of the writing-down period shall be proportionately reduced.

(4) If a person who has incurred expenditure to which this section applies in connection with any source of mineral deposits sells his interest in part of that source to a person who buys it for the purpose of a trade carried on or to be carried on by him, being a trade which consists of or includes the working of that part of the source, then the last preceding subsection shall apply to so much of the expenditure as is referable to that part of the source as it would apply to the whole of the expenditure on a sale extending to the whole of the source, and any allowance in respect of the expenditure shall be apportioned accordingly.

62.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the person carrying on a trade which consists of or includes the working of any mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature incurs expenditure in connection with that trade on searching for, or on discovering and testing, the mineral deposits of any source or winning access thereto, but gives up the search, exploration or inquiry upon which the expenditure is incurred without having carried on any trade which consists of or includes the working of the source in question, then in computing for the purposes of tax the profits or gains or losses of the trade in connection with which the expenditure is incurred there shall be allowed a deduction of an amount equal to the amount of that expenditure as if it were expenses incurred for the purpose of the trade at the time when he gives up the search, exploration or inquiry.

(2) This section shall not apply—

(a) to expenditure incurred in the course of a trade which consists of or includes the searching for, discovering and testing of mineral deposits and winning access thereto, if it is expenditure which is, apart from this section, allowed to be deducted in computing, for the purposes of tax, the profits or gains of that trade, or

(b) to any other expenditure incurred by a person in connection with a source, unless it would have been qualifying expenditure as defined in section 51(1) of this Act if he had begun working the source in the course

c 2

Part I Chapter in

Expenditure by mining concerns on abortive exploration.

68

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter m

Regulations.

of a trade at the time when he gives up the search, exploration or inquiry,

and the same expenditure shall not be taken into account for the purposes of this section in relation to more than one trade.

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall not affect the right to any deduction or allowance under any other provision of the Income Tax Acts or the Corporation Tax Acts, but—

(a) a person shall not be entitled to a deduction or allow*

ance in respect of the same expenditure both under this section and under some other provision of those Acts, and

(b) section 59 of this Act shall not apply to expenditure in

respect of which a deduction has been allowed under this section.

Supplemental

63.—(1) The Board may make regulations for carrying this Chapter into effect, and those regulations may in particular—

(a) lay down rules for determining the extent of the mineral

deposits which are to be taken, for all or any of the purposes of this Chapter, as constituting a source and the amount of the output from a source in any year or over any period, and in estimating total potential future output for any of those purposes,

(b) lay down rules for determining the residue of the ex-

penditure attributable to an asset immediately before, or immediately after, the sale thereof,

(c) in relation to cases in which, by virtue of the provisions

of this Chapter, a person is deemed to have incurred expenditure on the appointed day, lay down rules for determining what assets are to be treated as representing that expenditure and how much of that expenditure is to be treated as incurred on any particular asset,

(d) lay down rules for determining, for the purposes of any application under this Chapter, whether and by how much—

(i) the amount of the expenditure which, under this Chapter, a person is to be treated as having incurred on the appointed day is inadequate, or

(ii) the amount by which any allowance is to be reduced under this Chapter is excessive.

(2) The power conferred by this section to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and all regulations

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

69

under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(3) References in subsection (1) above to this Chapter do not include references to section 60 of this Act.

64. Any expenditure incurred for the purposes of a trade by a person about to carry it on shall be treated for the purposes of the provisions of this Chapter, other than section 60, as if it had been incurred by that person on the first day on which he does carry it on.

65. —(1) In this Chapter "the appointed day" means—

(a) in relation to expenditure which is qualifying expenditure by virtue of section 52 or section 54 of this Act, 6th April 1952,

(b) in relation to expenditure to which section 53(1) of this Act applies, 6th April 1949,

(c) in relation to any other qualifying expenditure as defined at the beginning of this Chapter, 6th April 1946.

(2) Any reference in this Chapter to assets representing any expenditure includes, in relation to expenditure on searching for, discovering and testing deposits, any results obtained from any search, exploration or inquiry upon which the expenditure was incurred.

66. All allowances and charges falling to be made under this Chapter to or on any person shall be made to or on him in taxing his trade.

Chapter IV Dredging

67.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a person for the purposes of any qualifying trade carried on by him incurs capital expenditure on dredging, and either the trade consists of the maintenance or improvement of the navigation of a harbour, estuary or waterway or the dredging is for the benefit of vessels coming to, leaving or using any dock or other premises occupied by him for the purposes of the trade, then—

(a) an initial allowance shall be made for the first relevant chargeable period to the person incurring the expenditure, and, subject to Schedule 1 to this Act, the amount of the initial allowance shall be three-twentieths of the expenditure, and

c 3

Part I Chapter III

Expenditure prior to commencement of trade.

Interpretation of Chapter ID.

Manner of making allowances and charges.

Capital

allowances for expenditure on dredging.

70

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter IV

1956 c. 54.

1953 c. 34. 1965 c. 25.

(b) writing-down allowances shall be made in respect of that expenditure to the person for the time being carrying on the trade during a writing-down period of twenty-five years (or, where the expenditure was incurred before 6th November 1962, fifty years) beginning with the first relevant chargeable period, but where a writing-down allowance falls to be made for a year of assessment to such a person, and he is within the charge to income tax in respect of the trade for part only of that year, that part shall be treated as a separate chargeable period for the purposes of computing allowances under this section.

(2) If the trade is permanently discontinued in any chargeable period, then for that chargeable period there shall be made to the person last carrying on the trade, in addition to any other allowance made to him, an allowance equal to the amount of the expenditure less the allowances made in respect of it under the preceding subsection for that and previous chargeable periods.

The reference in this subsection to allowances made for previous chargeable periods (which, by virtue of Part III of this Act, may include allowances under section 17 of the Finance Act 1956, which is re-enacted in this section) shall be construed, except as regards initial allowances, as if the said section 17 had always had effect (instead of having effect only for chargeable periods after the year 1955-56).

(3) For the purposes of this section, a trade shall not be treated by virtue of section 19 of the Finance Act 1953 (changes in persons carrying on a trade), or by virtue of any provision of Part IV of the Finance Act 1965 other than paragraph 7 of Schedule 16 (overseas trade corporations), as permanently discontinued; but, subject to section 61(2) of the Finance Act 1965 (company reconstructions, etc.), where a trade is sold, it shall be treated for those purposes as having been permanently discontinued at the time of the sale, unless the sale is such a sale as is specified in section 78 of this Act

(4) Any allowance under this section shall be made in taxing the trade.

(5) Where expenditure is incurred partly for the purposes of a qualifying trade and partly for other purposes, subsection

(1) of this section shall apply to so much only of that expenditure as on a just apportionment ought fairly to be treated as incurred for the purposes of that trade.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

71

(6) In this section "qualifying trade* means any trade or undertaking which, or a part of which, complies with any of the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) the condition that it consists of the maintenance or

improvement of the navigation of a harbour, estuary or waterway, or

(b) any condition set out in the provisions of section 7(1) of

this Act,

but where part only of a trade or undertaking complies with those conditions, subsection (5) of this section shall apply as if the part which does and the part which does not comply were separate trades.

(7) Where a person incurs capital expenditure for the purposes of a trade or part of a trade not yet carried on by him but with a view to carrying it on, or incurs capital expenditure in connection with a dock or other premises not yet occupied by him for the purposes of a qualifying trade but with a view to so occupying the dock or premises, the preceding provisions of this section shall apply as if he had been carrying on the trade or part of the trade or occupying the dock or premises for the purposes of the qualifying trade, as the case may be, at the time when the expenditure was incurred.

(8) For the purposes of this section, the first relevant chargeable period, in relation to expenditure incurred by any person, is the chargeable period related to the following event or occasion, that is—

(a) the incurring of the expenditure, or

(b) in the case of expenditure for which allowances are to

be made by virtue of subsection (7) of this section, the occasion when he first both carries on the trade or part of the trade for the purpose of which the expenditure was incurred, and occupies for the purposes of that trade or part of the trade the dock or other premises in connection with which it was incurred. 9

(9) Where a person contributes a capital sum to expenditure on dredging incurred by another person, he shall be treated as incurring capital expenditure on that dredging, and capital expenditure incurred by any person shall not be treated as incurred for the purposes of any trade carried on or to be carried on by him in so far as it has been or is to be met directly or indirectly by the Crown or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by capital sums contributed by any other person for purposes other than those of that trade.

c 4

Part I

Chapter IV

72

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter IV

Allowances for capita] expenditure on construction of buildings and other works.

(10) In this section " dredging " does not include things done otherwise than in the interests of navigation, but (subject to that) includes the removal of anything forming part of or projecting from the bed of the sea or of any inland water, by whatever means it is removed and whether or not at the time of removal it is wholly or partly above water; and this section shall apply to the widening of an inland waterway in the interests of navigation as it applies to dredging.

(11) No allowance shall be made by virtue of this section in respect of any expenditure if for the same or any other chargeable period an allowance is or can be made in respect of it under any of the provisions of Chapter I or II of this Part of this Act

Chapter V Agricultural Land and Buildings

68.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the owner or tenant of any agricultural or forestry land incurs any capital expenditure on the construction of farmhouses, farm or forestry buildings, cottages, fences or other works, writing-down allowances shall be made to him in respect of the expenditure during a writing-down period of ten years beginning with the chargeable period related to the incurring of that expenditure.

(2) Any allowance under this section shall be made by way of discharge or repayment of tax and shall be available primarily against agricultural income and forestry income.

(3) No expenditure shall be taken into account for the purposes of this section unless it is incurred for the purposes of husbandry or forestry on the agricultural or forestry land in question, and—

(a) where the expenditure is on a farmhouse, one-third only

of the expenditure shall be taken into account, or, if the accommodation and amenities of the farmhouse are out of due relation to the nature and extent of the farm, such proportion thereof not greater than one-third as may be just,

(b) where expenditure is incurred on any asset other than

a farmhouse, being an asset which is to serve partly the purposes of husbandly or forestry and partly other purposes, such apportionment of the expenditure shall be made for the purposes of this subsection as may be just.

(4) Where a person would, if he continued to be the owner or, as the case may be, the tenant of any land, be entitled under

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

73

this section to an allowance in respect of any expenditure, and Part 1 the whole of his interest in the land in question, or in any part chapter V of the land in question, is transferred, whether by operation of law or otherwise, to some other person, then, for the part of the writing-down period falling after the date of the transfer, the person to whom the interest is transferred shall, to the exclusion of the person from whom it is transferred, be entitled to the allowances (any allowance to either of them for a chargeable period falling partly before and partly within that part of the writing-down period being reduced accordingly):

Provided that, where the interest transferred is in part only of the land, this subsection shall apply to so much of the allowance as is properly referable to that part of the land as if it were a separate allowance. t.

(5) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection, where an interest in land is a tenancy and that tenancy comes to an end, that interest shall be deemed to have been transferred—

(a) if an incoming tenant makes any payment to the out-

going tenant in respect of assets representing the expenditure in question, to the incoming tenant, and

(b) in any other case, to the owner of the interest in

immediate reversion on the tenancy.

(6) For the purposes of this section as it applies for income tax purposes, the basis period for a year of assessment is the year ending with 31st March next preceding that year of assessment, or with such other date as may be agreed by the owner or tenant in question and the inspector, and section 72 of this Act shall not apply for the purposes of this section.

69. In section 68 above— Interpretation

44 agricultural land " means land, houses or other build-mgs in the United Kingdom occupied wholly or mainly for the purpose of husbandry;

44agricultural income" means income chargeable under Case VIII of Schedule D in respect of agricultural land, and income chargeable under Schedule D in respect of farming or market gardening in the United Kingdom;

44 forestry land " means woodlands in the United Kingdom in respect of which an election is in force for assessment and charge to tax under Schedule D by virtue of section 125 of the Income Tax Act 1952, and any 1952 c. 10. houses or other buildings in the United Kingdom which are occupied together with, and wholly or mainly for the purposes of, such woodlands;

c*

74

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter V

Income tax allowances and charges in taxing a trade, etc.

1954 c. 44.

"forestry income" means income chargeable under Case VIII of Schedule D in respect of forestry land, and income chargeable under Schedule D in respect of the occupation of woodlands in the United Kingdom.

Chapter VI Miscellaneous and General Income tax

70.—(1) This and the next following section have effect as respects allowances and charges which fall to be made under the provisions of this Part of this Act as they apply for the purposes of income tax.

(2) Allowances which fall to be made to a person in taxing his trade shall be made as a deduction in charging the profits or gains of the trade to income tax.

(3) Any claim by a person for an allowance falling to be made to him in taxing his trade shall be made in his returns of income for income tax purposes, and, in the case of an allowance under section 60 of this Act, the claim shall be in such form and accompanied by such plans and other particulars as the Board may direct.

(4) Where full effect cannot be given in any year to any allowance falling to be made in taxing a trade owing to there being no profits or gains of the trade chargeable for that year, or owing to the profits or gains chargeable being less than the allowance, the allowance or part of the allowance to which effect has not been given, as the case may be, shall, for the purpose of making the assessment to income tax for the following year, be added to the amount of such allowances as aforesaid for that year, and be deemed to be part of those allowances, or, if there are no such allowances for that year, be deemed to be the allowances for that year, and so on for succeeding years.

(5) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 98(2) of this Act, subsection (4) above has effect subject to section 20 of the Finance Act 1954 (right to set capital allowances against general income).

(6) Any charge falling to be made on a person for any year of assessment in taxing his trade shall be made by means of an assessment to income tax on the profits or gains of that trade for that year of assessment in addition to any other assessment falling to be made thereon for that year.

(7) This section shall apply in relation to professions, employments, vocations and offices, and the occupation of woodlands the profits or gains whereof are assessable under Schedule D,

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

75

as it applies in relation to trades, and nothing in this section applies to any deduction allowable under any provision of this Part of this Act in computing the profits or gains of a trade.

71.—(1) Where an allowance falls to be made to a person for any year of assessment which is to be given by way of discharge or repayment of tax, and is to be available primarily against a specified class of income—

(a) the amount of the allowance shall be deducted from or

set off against income of his of that class for that year of assessment, and

(b) if the amount to be allowed is greater than the amount

of his income of that class for that year of assessment, the balance shall be deducted from or set off against his income of that class for the next year of assessment, and so on for subsequent years of assessment, and tax shall be discharged or repaid accordingly:

Provided that where the amount of the allowance is greater than the amount of the person’s income of that class for the first-mentioned year of assessment, he may elect that the excess shall be deducted from or set off against his other income for that year of assessment, and it shall be deducted from or set off against that income and tax discharged or repaid accordingly, and only the excess, if any, of the amount of the allowance over all his income for that year of assessment shall be deducted from or set off against his income of the specified class for succeeding years.

An election under this proviso as respects an allowance for any year of assessment shall be made by giving notice in writing to the inspector not later than two years after the end of that year of assessment

(2) An election under the proviso to subsection (1) above may be made for any year of assessment with respect to an allowance for the last preceding year of assessment so far as not previously allowed, as if the allowance were or formed part of the allowance for the year for which the election is made; and in applying that subsection as extended by this provision to any allowances, relief shall be deemed to be given in respect of an allowance carried forward from an earlier year before it is given in respect of an allowance arising in a later year.

(3) Relief under this section shall be given on a claim made to the inspector under section 9 of the Income Tax Management Act 1964:

Provided that an appeal under that section on the claim shall He to the General Commissioners unless the appellant elects fin accordance with section 12(2) of the said Act of 1964) that it

c* 2

Pact I Chapter VI

Other income tax allowances.

1964 c. 37.

76

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter

Meaning *' basis period

1952 c. 10.

shall lie instead to the Special Commissioners so, however, that VI if an appeal to either body of Commissioners is pending against an assessment on the appellant which relates to the same source of income as that to which the claim relates, the appeal on the claim shall lie to that body of Commissioners.

f 72.—(1) Except as otherwise expressly provided, in this Part

of this Act as it applies for income tax purposes " basis period " has the meaning assigned to it by the following provisions of this section.

(2) In the case of a person to or on whom an allowance or charge falls to be made in taxing his trade, his basis period for any year of assessment is the period on the profits or gains of which income tax for that year falls to be finally computed under Case I of Schedule D in respect of the trade in question or, where, by virtue of any provision of section 127 of the Income Tax Act 1952, the profits or gains of any other period are to be taken to be the profits or gains of the said period, that other period:

Provided that, in the case of any trade—

(a) where two basis periods overlap, the period common

to both shall be deemed for the purpose of this subsection to fall in the first basis period only,

(b) where there is an interval between the end of the basis

period for one year of assessment and the basis period for the next year of assessment, then, unless the second-mentioned year of assessment is the year of the permanent discontinuance of the trade, the interval shall be deemed to be part of the second basis period, and

(c) where there is an interval between the end of the basis

period for the year of assessment preceding that in which the trade is permanently discontinued and the basis period for the year in which it is permanently discontinued, the interval shall be deemed to form part of the first basis period.

(3) Where an allowance falls to be made under Chapter II of this Part of this Act to a person carrying on a profession or vocation, subsection (2) of this section shall apply as if the references to a trade included references to a profession or vocation and as if the reference to Case I of Schedule D included a reference to Case II of Schedule D.

(4) In the case of any other person to or on whom an allowance or charge falls to be made under this Part of this Act, his basis period for any year of assessment is the year of assessment itself.

(5) Any reference in this section to the overlapping of two periods shall be construed as including a reference to the

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

77

coincidence of two periods or to the inclusion of one period in Part I another, and references to the period common to both of two Chaptbr VI periods shall be construed accordingly.

Corporation tax

73. —(1) In computing for the purposes of corporation tax a Corporation company’s profits for any accounting period there shall be made tax allowances all such deductions and additions as are required to give effect

to the provisions of this Part of this Act which relate to allow-18X1118 ances and charges in respect of capital expenditure; and subsection (2) of this section and the next following section have effect as respects allowances and charges which fall to be made under the provisions of this Part of this Act as they apply for the purposes of corporation tax.

(2) Allowances and charges which fall to be made for any accounting period in taxing a trade under the provisions of this Part of this Act as they apply for the purposes of corporation tax shall be given effect by treating the amount of any allowance as a trading expense of the trade in that period, and by treating the amount on which any such charge is to be made as a trading receipt of the trade in that period.

74. —(1) Where an allowance falls to be made to a company other

for any accounting period which is to be given by discharge or corporation repayment of tax, and is to be available primarily against a tax allowances, specified class of income, it shall, as far as may be, be given effect by deducting the amount of the allowance from any income of the period, being income of the specified class.

(2) Where such an allowance which is to be made for any accounting period cannot be given full effect under subsection

(1) above in that period by reason of a want or deficiency of income of the relevant class, then (so long as the company remains within the charge to tax) the amount unallowed shall be carried forward to the succeeding accounting period, except in so far as effect is given to it under subsection (3) below; and the amount so carried forward shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, and of any further application of this subsection, as the amount of a corresponding allowance for that period.

(3) Where such an allowance which is to be made for any accounting period (otherwise than by being carried forward from an earlier accounting period) cannot be given full effect under subsection (1) above in that period by reason of a want or deficiency of income of the relevant class, the company may claim that effect shall be given to the allowance against the profits (of whatever description) of that accounting period and, if the company was then within the charge to tax, of preceding

c* 3

78

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter VI

1965 c. 25.

Writing-down allowances under sections 61,

67 and 68.

Companies not resident in United Kingdom.

accounting periods ending within the time specified in subsection (4) below; and, subject to that subsection and to any relief for earlier allowances or for losses, the profits of any of those accounting periods shall then be treated as reduced by the amount unallowed under subsection (1) above, or by so much of that amount as cannot be given effect under this subsection against profits of a later accounting period.

(4) The time referred to in subsection (3) above is a time equal in length to the accounting period for which the allowance falls to be made; but the amount or aggregate amount of the reduction which may be made under that subsection in the profits of an accounting period falling partly before that time shall not, with the amount of any reduction falling to be made therein under any corresponding provision of Part IV of the Finance Act 1965 relating to losses, exceed a part of those profits proportionate to the part of the period falling within that time.

(5) A claim under subsection (3) above shall be made within two years from the end of the accounting period first mentioned in that subsection.

General

75. —(1) This section has effect where it is provided under section 61, 67 or 68 of this Act that writing-down allowances shall be made in respect of any expenditure during a writing-down period of a specified length.

(2) There shall for any chargeable period wholly or partly comprised in the writing-down period be made an allowance equal to the appropriate fraction of the expenditure; and, subject to any provision to the contrary, the appropriate fraction is such fraction of the writing-down period as falls within the chargeable period:

Provided that the aggregate amount of the allowances made whether to the same or to different persons, together with the amount of any initial allowance, shall not exceed the amount of the expenditure.

(3) Where under paragraph 27(2) of Schedule 14 to the Finance Act 1965 allowances were made for accounting periods of a company falling wholly or partly within the year 1964-65 or 1965-66 in addition to allowances (for income tax purposes) made for either of those years, then in reckoning the period for which allowances are to be made, the periods for which allowances were so made shall be added together, notwithstanding that the same time is (according to the calendar) counted twice.

76. Where a company not resident in the United Kingdom is within the charge to corporation tax in respect of one source of income and to income tax in respect of another source, then.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

79

in applying the provisions of this Part of this Act, allowances Part I related to any source of income shall be given effect against chapter VI income chargeable to the same tax as is chargeable on income from that source.

Tim—(1) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the sale Apportion-of any property includes a reference to the sale of that property ment of together with any other property and, where property is sold together with other property, so much of the net proceeds of and the sale of the whole property as, on a just apportionment, is of leasehold properly attributable to the first-mentioned property shall, for interests, the purposes of this Part of this Act, be deemed to be the net proceeds of the sale of the first-mentioned property, and references to expenditure incurred on the provision or the purchase of property shall be construed accordingly.

For the purposes of this subsection, all the property which is sold in pursuance of one bargain shall be deemed to be sold together, notwithstanding that separate prices are or purport to be agreed for separate items of that property or that there are or purport to be separate sales of separate items of that property.

(2) The provisions of subsection (1) of this section shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply in relation to other sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys as they apply in relation to the net proceeds of sales.

(3) This Part of this Act shall have effect as if any reference therein (including any reference in the preceding provisions of this section) to the sale of any property included a reference to the exchange of any property and, in the case of a leasehold interest, also included a reference to the surrender thereof for valuable consideration, and any provisions of this Part of this Act referring to sales shall have effect accordingly with the necessary adaptations and, in particular, with the adaptations that references to the net proceeds of sale and to the price shall be taken to include references to the consideration for the exchange or surrender and references to capital sums included in the price shall be taken to include references to so much of the consideration as would have been a capital sum if it had taken the form of a money payment

(4) The reference in subsection (1) above to expenditure incurred on the provision or the purchase of property shall—

(a) in relation to section 53 of this Act, be deemed to include

a reference to expenditure on the acquisition of, or of rights in or over, mineral deposits,

(b) in relation to section 54 of this Act, be deemed to include a reference to expenditure on the acquisition of land,

(c) in relation to section 60 of this Act, be deemed to include

a reference to expenditure on the acquisition of a mineral asset

c* 4

80

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter VI

Special provisions as to certain sales.

Successions to trades, etc.

1953 c. 34.

1965 c. 25.

78. —(1) The provisions of Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect in relation to sales of any property where either—

(a) the buyer is a body of persons over whom the seller

has control, or the seller is a body of persons over whom the buyer has control, or both the seller and the buyer are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both of them, or

(b) it appears with respect to the sale, or with respect to

transactions of which the sale is one, that the sole or main benefit which, apart from the provisions of the said Schedule, might have been expected to accrue to the parties or any of them was the obtaining of an allowance or deduction under this Part or Part II of this Act.

(2) References in this section to a body of persons include references to a partnership.

(3) This section and the said Schedule shall not apply in relation to section 60 of this Act

79. —(1) Where a person succeeds to any trade, profession or vocation which until that time was carried on by another person and, by virtue—

(a) of section 19 of the Finance Act 1953 (changes in owner-

ship of trade etc.), or

(b) of any provision of Part IV of the Finance Act 1965

other than paragraph 7 of Schedule 16 (overseas trade corporations),

the trade, profession or vocation is to be treated as discontinued, any property which, immediately before the succession takes place, was in use for the purposes of the discontinued trade, profession or vocation and, without being sold, is, immediately after the succession takes place, in use for the purposes of the new trade, profession or vocation, shall, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be treated as if it had been sold to the successor when the succession takes place, and as if the net proceeds of the sale had been the price which that property would have fetched if sold in the open market:

Provided that no initial allowance shall be made by virtue of the provisions of this subsection.

(2) Where, after the setting up and before the permanent discontinuance of a trade, profession or vocation which at any time is carried on in partnership, anything is done for the purposes thereof, any allowance or charge which, if the trade, profession or vocation had at all times been carried on by one and the same person, would have fallen to be made to or on

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

81

him under any of the provisions of this Part of this Act shall Part I be made to or on die person or persons from time to time Chapter VI carrying on that trade, profession or vocation, and the amount of any such allowance or charge shall be computed as if that person or those persons had at all times been carrying on the trade, profession or vocation and as if everything done to or by his or their predecessors in the carrying on thereof had been done to or by him or them.

(3) This section shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply in relation to the occupation of woodlands the profits or gains of which are assessable under Schedule D as it applies in relation to a trade.

(4) Subsection (1) above shall not apply as respects a

succession before the appointed day, and in that subsection the reference to section 19 of the Finance Act 1953 includes a 1953 c. 34. reference to section 145 of the Income Tax Act 1952. 1952 c. 10

In this subsection "the appointed day" means 6th April 1946, but subject to section 16(2) and section 65(1) of this Act

(5) This section shall not apply to allowances and charges under Chapter II of this Part of this Act

M.—(1) Subsections (2) and (3) below shall have effect where Nationalisa-under— tion

(u) the Transport Act 1947, the Electricity Act 1947 or1947 c-49* the Gas Act 1948, or any order or scheme made or I947 c. 54. issued under any of those Acts, or 1948 c. 67.

(b) subject to subsection (5) below, any other statutory provision for giving effect to any scheme for the carrying on of any industry or part of an industry, or of any undertaking, under national ownership or control,

property is transferred to a Commission, Authority, Board, body or person, and the liability of the transferor arising from any balancing charge falling to be made on the occasion of the transfer becomes a liability of the transferee.

In paragraph (b) above " statutory provision " means a provision contained in, or in any order or scheme made or issued under, any Act

(2) The transfer shall be treated for tax purposes as a sale of property to which section 78(l)(a) of this Act applies and as if the parties to the sale had given notice of election under paragraph 4 of Schedule 7 to this Act

82

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter VI

1952 c. 10. 1965 c. 25.

1947 c. 49.

1962 c. 46.

Procedure on apportionments, etc.

(3) Where the trade of the transferor is permanently discontinued at the date of the transfer and either—

(a) in the chargeable period in or at the end of which the

transfer takes place a deduction could have been allowed in taxing the trade under section 70 or section 73 of this Act. but for an insufficiency of profits or gains against which to allow the deduction, or

(b) in that and previous chargeable periods taken together.

relief or greater relief could have been given by way of set-off under section 342 of the Income Tax Act 1952 or section 58(1) of the Finance Act 1965. or under either of those provisions as extended by any of the other provisions of the Income Tax Acts or the Corporation Tax Acts, but for the allowance in those chargeable periods of any such deductions as are mentioned in paragraph (a) above, the deduction, so far as it could have been but was not allowed, or. as the case may be. the additional amount which could have been deducted and set off but for the deductions aforesaid, shall in taxing the trade of the transferee for the chargeable period in or at the beginning of which the transfer takes place and all subsequent chargeable periods, be added to and deemed to form part of the deduction falling to be allowed under section 70 or 73 of this Act in taxing the trade for the chargeable period in or at the beginning of which the transfer takes place.

(4) In the preceding provisions of this section any reference to the transferee shall, in the case of a transfer to an Area Board as defined in the Electricity Act 1947 or to the Central Electricity Generating Board, be construed as a reference to the Electricity Council.

(5) In subsection (1 )(b)above " statutory provision " shall not include the Transport Act 1962, and Schedule 8 to this Act (which contains transitory provisions as respects capital allowances) shall have effect as respects the National Coal Board and the Boards established by die Transport Act 1962.

81*—(1) Where, under or by virtue of any provisions of this Part of this Act, any stun falls to be apportioned and, at the time of the apportionment, it appears that it is material as respects the liability to tax (for whatever period) of two or more persons, any question which arises as to the manner in which the sum is to be apportioned shall be determined, for the purposes of the tax of all those persons—

(a) in a case where the same body of General Commissioners have jurisdiction with respect to all those

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

83

persons, by those Commissioners, unless all those Part I persons agree that it shall be determined by the Special chapter VI Commissioners,

(b) in a case where different bodies of Commissioners have

jurisdiction with respect to those persons, by such of those bodies as the Board may direct, unless all those persons agree that it shall be determined by the Special Commissioners, and

(c) in any other case, by the Special Commissioners,

and any such Commissioners shall determine the question in like manner as if it were an appeal against an assessment under Schedule D:

Provided that all the said persons shall be entitled to appear and be heard by the Commissioners who are to make the determination or to make representations to them in writing.

(2) This section applies in relation to any determination, under section 48 or section 79 of, or Schedule 7 to, this Act, of the price which property would have fetched if sold in the open market as it applies in relation to apportionments.

(3) This section shall come into force for all purposes on 6th

April 1968, to die exclusion of section 329 of the Income Tax 1952 c. 10. Act 1952 (which is re-enacted in this section).

82.—(1) References in this Part of this Act to capital expen- interpretation diture and capital sums— of certain

(a) in relation to the person incurring the expenditure or ^nSiSwL

paying the sums, do not include any expenditure or etc/ sum which is allowed to be deducted in computing, for the purposes of tax, the profits or gains of a trade, profession, office, employment or vocation carried on or held by him, and

(b) in relation to the person receiving the amounts ex-

pended or the sums in question, do hot include references to any amounts or sums which fall to be taken into account as receipts in computing the profits or gains of any trade, profession, office, employment or vocation carried on or held by him,

and do not include, in relation to any such person as aforesaid, any expenditure or sum in the case of which a deduction of tax falls or may fall to be made under Chapter I of Part VII of the Income Tax Act 1952 (interest and other annual payments).

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 98(2) of this Act, Chapter II of this Part of this Act has effect subject to section 15(l)(c) of the Finance Act 1965 (under which the use 1965 c. 25.

84

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter VI

Investment grants: exclusion of initial allowances.

1966 c. 34.

1967 c. 22

of an asset for providing business entertainment is not to be treated as use for the purposes of a trade).

(3) Except as otherwise expressly provided, any reference in this Part of this Act to the date on which expenditure is incurred shall be construed as a reference to the date when the sums in question become payable.

83.—(1) No initial allowance under section 1, section 18 or section 56 of this Act shall be made in respect of so much of any expenditure as is taken into account for the purposes of any investment grant made towards that expenditure, or be made by virtue of section 85 of this Act in respect of a proportionate part of any contribution towards that expenditure.

(2) If any such grant is made after the making of any such allowance, that allowance shall to that extent be withdrawn; and where the amount of any investment grant towards any expenditure is repaid in whole or in part by die grantee to the grantor, then to the extent to which it has been so repaid it shall be deemed never to have been made.

(3) All such assessments or adjustments of assessments to income tax or corporation tax shall be made as may be necessary in consequence of the last preceding subsection and. notwithstanding anything in any other provision, the time within which such an assessment or adjustment may be made shall not expire before the expiration of three years from the end of the chargeable period in which the investment grant, or. as the case may be. the repayment referred to in that subsection, was made.

(4) In this section " investment grant " means a grant towards capital expenditure incurred by a person carrying on a business, being—

(a) a grant made under the Industrial Development Act

1966 or the Agriculture Act 1967 or in pursuance of a scheme under an enactment amended by either of those Acts, or

(b) a grant made under an enactment of the Parliament of

Northern Ireland or out of moneys provided by that Parliament which appears to the Treasury to be made towards expenditure and for a purpose corresponding respectively to expenditure towards which and a purpose for which a grant such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) above may be made,

and being (whether under paragraph (a) or (b) above) a grant declared by the Treasury by order made by statutory instrument to be relevant for the purposes of the withholding or withdrawal of investment and initial allowances.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

85

(5) So much of subsection (4) above as authorises the Treasury Part ) to make orders shall come into force for all purposes on 6th chapter vi April 1968 to the exclusion of so much of section 35(3) of the Finance Act 1966 as authorises the Treasury to make orders, 1966 c. 18. and accordingly—

(a) any order made by the Treasury before that date under

the said section 35(3) shall be treated from that date as if it were an order under subsection (4) above, and

(b) the reference in the said section 35(3) (as it applies in

relation to chargeable periods ending before 6th April 1968) to an order made by the Treasury under that subsection shall include a reference to an order made by the Treasury under subsection (4) above.

84.—(1) Expenditure shall not be regarded for any of the Subsidies, etc. purposes of this Part of this Act as having been incurred by any person in so far as it has been or is to be met directly or indirectly by the Crown or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any person other than the first-mentioned person.

(2) In considering, for the purposes of this section, how far any expenditure has been or is to be met directly or indirectly by the Crown or by any authority or person other than the person incurring the expenditure, there shall be left out of account—

(a) any insurance moneys or other compensation moneys

payable in respect of any asset winch has been demolished, destroyed or put out of use, and

(b) any expenditure met or to be met by any person other

than the Crown or a government or public or local authority, being expenditure in respect of which, apart from the provisions of this paragraph, no allowance could be made under the provisions of the next following section.

(3) This section shall not apply—

(a) in considering whether any, and if so what, writing-down allowance or balancing charge is to be made to or on a person under Chapter II in respect of any machinery or plant provided before the appointed day (as defined in Chapter ID,

(b) in considering what deduction may be made under

section 40(2) of this Act in respect of expenditure on the replacement of machinery or plant provided before that day,

(c) for the purposes of Chapter IV.

86

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I Chapter VI Allowances in respect of contributions to capital expenditure.

85.—(1) Where a person, for the purposes of a trade carried on or to be carried on by him or by a tenant of land in which he has an interest, contributes a capital sum to expenditure on the provision of an asset, being expenditure which, apart from the provisions of the last preceding section, would have been regarded as wholly incurred by another person and in respect of which, apart from the last preceding section—

(a) an allowance would have been made under Chapter I. or

(b) an initial allowance or a writing-down allowance would

have been made under Chapter II, or

(c) an allowance would have been made under any pro-

vision of Chapter III, other than section 60, or

(d) an allowance would have been made under Chapter V,

then, subject to the provisions of Schedule 9 to this Act and to the following provisions of this section, such initial and writing-down allowances, if any, shall be made to the contributor as would have been made to him if his contribution had been expenditure on the provision, for the purposes of that trade, of a similar asset.

(2) For the purpose of initial allowances given by virtue of subsection (1) above, section 18(l)(b) of this Act shall, subject to the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act, apply as if the relevant asset belonged to the person making the contribution at any time when the machinery or plant belongs, or is treated under section 18(7) of this Act as belonging, to die person for the time being carrying on the trade for the purposes of which the machinery or plant is provided.

(3) Where a sewerage authority in the United Kingdom incurs expenditure on the provision of an asset to be used in the treatment of trade effluents, then, in relation to any contribution of a capital sum made to that expenditure, this section shall apply as if such allowances fell to be made to the sewerage authority in respect of the expenditure as, apart from the last preceding section, would fall to be made if the asset were to be so used for the purposes of a trade carried on by the sewerage authority.

In this subsection—

" sewerage authority " means a public body having power under any enactment relating to the public health to construct and maintain sewers,

" trade effluents " means liquid or other matter discharged into public sewers from premises occupied for the purposes of a trade,

and this subsection shall apply only where the contribution was made, and the expenditure in question was incurred, after 31st May 1963.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

87

(4) In subsection (1) of this section, and in Schedule 9 to this Part I Act, " trade " includes the occupation of woodlands in the United Chapter VI Kingdom in respect of which the assessment and charge to tax

falls to be made under Schedule D by virtue of section 125 of

the Income Tax Act 1952. 1952 c. 10.

(5) This section shall not apply to any contribution made before the appointed day.

In this subsection "the appointed day" means 6th April 1946, but subject to section 16(2) and section 65(1) of this Act

86.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, in this Part of this Meaning Act except where the context otherwise requires, " sale, ?f " insurance, salvage or compensation moneys " means, in relation to an event which gives rise or might give rise to a balancing compensation allowance or a balancing charge to or on any person, or is moneys ". material in determining whether any, and if so what, writing-down allowance is to be made to a person under Chapter in of this Part of this Act—

(a) where the event is a sale of any property, the net pro-

ceeds to that person of the sale;

(b) where the event is the coming to an end of an interest

in property on or by reason of the coming to an end of a foreign concession, any compensation payable to that person in respect of that property;

(c) where the event is the demolition or destruction of any

property, the net amount received by him for the remains of the property, together with any insurance moneys received by him in respect of the demolition or destruction and any other compensation of any description received by him in respect thereof, in so for as that compensation consists of capital sums;

(d) as respects machinery or plant, where the event is the

permanent loss thereof otherwise than in consequence of its demolition or destruction, any insurance moneys received by him in respect of the loss and any other compensation of any description received by him in respect thereof, in so far as that compensation consists of capital sums;

(e) where the event is that a building or structure ceases

altogether to be used, any compensation of any description received by him in respect of that event, in so far as that compensation consists of capital sums.

(2) So far as this section has effect for purposes other than those of Chapter II of this Part of this Act, subsection (1) above shall have effect as if—

(a) paragraph (d) were omitted, and

88

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part I

Chapter VI

Other

provisions as to interpretation of Part I.

1965 c. 25.

(b) paragraph ie) applied where machinery or plant is put out of use as it applies where a building or structure ceases altogether to be used.

87.—(1) In this Part of this Act, except where the context otherwise requires—

" the Board " means the Commissioners of Inland Revenue;

" chargeable period " means an accounting period of a company or a year of assessment; and

(a) a reference to a "chargeable period or its basis period " is a reference to the chargeable period if it is an accounting period and to the basis period for it if it is a year of assessment,

(b) a reference to a "chargeable period related to " the incurring of expenditure, or a sale or other event, is a reference to the chargeable period in which, or to that in the basis period for which, the expenditure is incurred or the sale or other event takes place, and means the latter if, but only if, the chargeable period is a year of assessment;

" company " has the same meaning as in Part IV of the Finance Act 1965;

"control", in relation to a body corporate, means the power of a person to secure, by means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in or in relation to that or any other body corporate, or by virtue of any powers conferred by the articles of association or other document regulating that or any other body corporate, that the affairs of the first-mentioned body corporate are conducted in accordance with the wishes of that person, and, in relation to a partnership, means the right to a share of more than one-half of the assets, or of more than one-half of the income, of the partnership;

" foreign concession " means a right or privilege granted by the government of, or any municipality or other authority in, any territory outside the United Kingdom;

" income " includes any amount on which a charge to tax is authorised to be made under any of the provisions of this Part of this Act;

" lease " includes an agreement for a lease where the term to be covered by the lease has begun, and any tenancy, but does not include a mortgage, and "lessee", " lessor " and " leasehold interest " shall be construed

accordingly;

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

89

"mineral deposits" includes any natural deposits capable Part!

of being lifted or extracted from the earth; Chapter vt

" scientific research allowance " means an allowance made under Part II of this Act, other than an allowance under section 90;

"tax", where neither corporation tax nor income tax is specified, means either of those taxes;

"writing-down allowance", where the reference is partly to years of assessment before the year 1966-67, includes an annual allowance in the sense which in the context that phrase had immediately before the commencement of the Finance Act 1965, 1965 c. 25

and for the purposes of this Part of this Act a source of income is " within the charge to " corporation tax or income tax if that tax is chargeable on the income arising from it, or would be so chargeable if there were any such income, and references to a person, or to income, being within the charge to tax shall be similarly construed.

(2) In this Part of this Act a reference to allowances or charges being made in taxing a trade is a reference to their being made in computing the trading income for corporation tax or in charging the profits or gains of the trade to income tax.

(3) Any reference in this Part of this Act to an allowance made or deduction allowed includes a reference to an allowance or deduction which would be made or allowed but for an insufficiency of profits or gains, or other income, against which to make it:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to die references in section 40(2) of this Act to writing-down allowances, exceptional depreciation allowances and scientific research allowances.

(4) Any reference in this Part of this Act to any building, structure, machinery, plant, works, asset, farmhouse, farm or forestry building, cottage or fence shall be construed as including a reference to a part of any building, structure, machinery, plant, works, asset, farmhouse, farm or forestry building, cottage or fence:

Provided that where the reference is expressed to be to the whole of a building or structure, this subsection shall not apply.

(5) The provisions of Chapter II of this Part of this Act, and the provisions of this Chapter so far as it applies for the purposes of the said Chapter II, shall apply in relation to a share in machinery or plant as they apply in relation to a part of machinery or plant, and for the purposes of the said provisions a share in machinery or plant shall be deemed to be used for the purposes of a trade, profession or vocation so

90

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Parti long as, and only so long as, the machinery or plant is used

Chapter VI for the purposes thereof.

This subsection shall, with any necessary adaptations, apply in relation to the occupation of woodlands where the profits or gains thereof are assessable under Schedule D as they apply in relation to trades.

(6) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the time of any sale shall be construed as a reference to the time of completion or the time when possession is given, whichever is the earlier.

(7) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the setting up or permanent discontinuance of a trade includes, except where the contrary is expressly provided, a reference to the occurring of any event which, under any of the provisions of the Income Tax Acts or the Corporation Tax Acts, is to be treated as equivalent to the setting up or permanent discontinuance of a trade:

Provided that the reference above to the Corporation Tax Acts shall not include a reference to paragraph 7 of Schedule 1965 c. 25. 16 to the Finance Act 1965 (overseas trade corporations).

(8) In the application of this Part of this Act in relation to assets which have been used for the purposes of a trade carried on by a company which, at any time when the assets were so

1957 c. 49. used, was for the purposes of Part IV of the Finance Act 1957 an Overseas Trade Corporation, there shall be deducted from expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies all such amounts as would have been deducted if, throughout the period when the company was an Overseas Trade Corporation, die said Part IV had not had effect and allowances and balancing charges had been made accordingly:

Provided that, where there was an interval between the end of the last basis period related to a year of assessment falling before the date when the company ceased to be an Overseas Trade Corporation and that date, the interval shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection to have been part of that basis period. 9

(9) In connection with the transition for companies from income tax to corporation tax effected by the Finance Act 1965 the provisions of this Act and any other provision of the Income Tax Acts relevant thereto shall have effect with such modifications as are necessary to preserve the continuity of the system of allowances and charges under this Part of this Act, and so that in particular references to a previous chargeable period or to a subsequent chargeable period, or to a time before, or a time after, a chargeable period, shall have effect in relation to a company as if the year 1965-66 or any earlier

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

91

year of assessment preceded that company’s first accounting Part I period for corporation tax. Chapter VI

This subsection shall not be taken to require any time to be counted twice in reckoning duration.

88. In the application of this Part of this Act to Scotland, Application " leasehold interest " means the interest of a tenant in property of pfrt\to subject to a lease; and any reference to an interest which is ScoUand* reversionary on a leasehold interest or on a lease shall be construed as a reference to the interest of the landlord in the property subject to the leasehold interest or lease.

89.—(1) In this Part of this Act, "exceptional depreciation Transitory allowance " means an allowance made under section 19 of the provisions: Finance Act 1941 and " mills, factories or exceptional deprecia- mi^s» factories tion allowances " means any allowance made under section 15 exceptional of the Finance Act 1937 or any exceptional depreciation depreciation allowances. allowances.

1941 c. 30.

(2) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the relevant 1937 c. 54. exceptional depreciation allowances shall be construed, in relation to any building, machinery or plant, as a reference to an exceptional depreciation allowance in respect of that building, machinery or plant, or to so much of any exceptional depreciation allowance granted in respect of any building, machinery or

plant of which it forms part as is properly attributable to it

(3) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances shall be construed, in relation to any building or structure, as a reference to any allowances granted under section 15 of the Finance Act 1937 in respect of it or premises of which it forms part, and any relevant exceptional depreciation allowances:

Provided that where an allowance under the said section 15 was in respect of premises which include several buildings or structures, the whole amount of the allowance under the said section 15 shall be apportioned between all the buildings or structures, and only that part of the allowance which is apportioned to the building or structure in question shall be taken into account.

(4) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the allowance made under the said section 15 for any year of assessment shall be construed as a reference to an amount which, under the said section 15, was to be allowed as a deduction in computing profits or gains for that year of assessment.

92

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Allowances for expenditure on scientific research not of a capital nature, and < payments to research associations, universities, etc.

1952 c. 10.

Allowances for capital expenditure on scientific research.

Part II Scientific Research

91. Notwithstanding anything in section 137 of the Income Tax Act 1952 (general rules as to deductions not allowable in computing the profits or gains of a trade), where a person carrying on a trade—

(a) incurs expenditure not of a capital nature on scientific

research related to that trade and directly undertaken by him or on his behalf, or

(b) pays any sum to any scientific research association for

the time being approved for the purposes of this section by the Secretary of State or the Minister of Technology, being an association which has as its object the undertaking of scientific research related to the class of trade to which the trade he is carrying on belongs, or

(c) pays any sum to be used for such scientific research as

is mentioned in paragraph (b) above to any such university, college research institute or other similar institution as is for the time being approved for the purposes of this section by the Secretary of State or the Minister of Technology, the expenditure incurred or sum paid, as the case may be, may be deducted as an expense in computing the profits or gains of the trade for the purposes of tax.

91.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, where a person—

(a) while carrying on a trade, incurs expenditure of a

capital nature on scientific research related to that trade and directly undertaken by him or on his behalf, or

(b) incurs expenditure of a capital nature on scientific

research directly undertaken by him or on his behalf, and thereafter sets up and commences a trade connected with that research,

a deduction equal to the whole of the expenditure shall be allowed in taxing the trade for the relevant chargeable period as defined in the following provisions of this section.

(2) For corporation tax purposes the relevant chargeable period shall be the accounting period in which the expenditure was incurred or, if it was incurred before the setting up and commencement of the trade, the accounting period beginning with that setting up and commencement

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

93

(3) For income tax purposes the relevant chargeable period shall be—

(a) in the case of expenditure incurred before the end of

the year of assessment in which the trade was set up and commenced, that year of assessment,

(b) in the case of expenditure incurred after the end of that year of assessment but not later than twelve months from the setting up and commencement of the trade, the year of assessment next following that in which the trade was set up and commenced,

(c) in the case of expenditure incurred after twelve months from the setting up and commencement of the trade and during the basis year for any year of assessment, but subject to subsection (4) below, that year of assessment,

(J) in the case of expenditure incurred during the year of assessment in which the trade is permanently discontinued, that year of assessment

In paragraph (c) above "basis year" means, in relation to a year of assessment the period the profits or gains of which are, under section 127 of the Income Tax Act 1952, to be taken to be the profits or gains of the year preceding that year of assessment

(4) For the purposes of the said paragraph (c)—

(fl) where two basis years overlap, any expenditure incurred in the period common to both shall be deemed to have been incurred in the first basis year only,

(b) where there is an interval between the end of the basis

year for one year of assessment and the beginning of the basis year for the next year of assessment any expenditure incurred during the interval shall be deemed to have been incurred in the second basis year, and

(c) any expenditure which is incurred before the end of,

but after the end of the basis year for, the last complete year of assessment before the permanent discontinuance of the trade shall be deemed to have been incurred in that basis year,

and, in paragraph (a) of this subsection, the reference to the overlapping of two basis years includes a reference to the coincidence of two basis years, or to the inclusion of one basis year in another, and the reference to the period common to both of two basis years shall be construed accordingly.

Part II

94

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part II (5) This section shall not apply to expenditure incurred before 6th November 1962, but deductions in respect of such expenditure shall be allowed instead in accordance with the transitory provisions contained in Schedule 10 to this Act.

Termination 92.—(l) Subject to subsection (6) below, the two next follow-

assete provided subsections shall have effect where an asset representing for scientific scientific research expenditure of a capital nature incurred by research. the person carrying on a trade ceases to be used by that person

for scientific research related to that trade and is then or thereafter sold by him.

(2) If the sale occurs in or after the chargeable period for which an allowance in respect of the expenditure is made under the last preceding section, then, subject to subsection (5) below—

(a) the sum by which the aggregate of the proceeds of sale

and the amount of the allowance exceeds the amount of the expenditure, or

(b) the amount of the allowance if it is less than that sum,

shall be treated as a trading receipt of the trade accruing at the time of the sale or, if the sale occurs on or after the date on which the trade is permanently discontinued, accruing immediately before the discontinuance.

(3) If the sale occurs before the chargeable period for which an allowance in respect of the expenditure would fall to be so made, that allowance shall not be made, but, subject to sut> section (5) below, if the proceeds of sale are less than the expenditure a deduction equal to the difference shall be allowed in taxing the trade for the chargeable period in which the sale occurs.

(4) Where an asset is destroyed, it shall for the purposes of this section be treated as if it had been sold immediately before its destruction, and any insurance moneys or other compensation of any description received by the person carrying on the trade in respect of the destruction, and any moneys received by him for the remains of the asset, shall be treated as if they were proceeds of that sale; and. where this subsection has effect on the demolition of an asset—

(a) the cost of the demolition to the person carrying on the

trade shall, for the purposes of subsections (2) and (3) above, be added to the expenditure represented by the asset, and

(b) if the case falls within the first of those subsections but,

by reason of that addition, the aggregate there referred

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

95

to is less than the amount of the expenditure repre- Part II sented by the asset, then, unless the asset was used for other purposes after it ceased to be used for scientific research related to the trade, and subject to subsection

(5) below, a deduction equal to the difference shall be allowed in taxing the trade for the chargeable period in which the asset is treated as having been sold or, if it is treated as having been sold on or after the date on which the trade is permanently discontinued, for the last chargeable period in which the trade was carried on before the discontinuance.

(5) No amount shall be allowed or charged by virtue of this section in respect of any sale if the sale gives rise to a balancing allowance or balancing charge under Chapter I or Chapter II of Part I of this Act

(6) This section shall not apply as respects assets representing expenditure incurred before 6th November 1962, but the transitory provisions contained in Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect instead.

93.—(1) No initial allowances under Chapter I or Chapter II Prevention of of Part I of this Act shall be made in respect of expenditure double on the provision of an asset if that expenditure is expenditure alIowances in respect of which a deduction may be allowed under section 91 above or the corresponding provisions of Schedule 10 to this Act

(2) Where a deduction is allowed for any chargeable period under section 91 or 92 above, or the corresponding provisions of Schedule 10 to this Act in respect of expenditure represented wholly or partly by any assets, there shall not be made or allowed—

(a) any writing-down allowance under Chapter I of Part I

of this Act or

(b) except under this Part of this Act, any allowance or

deduction in respect of wear and tear, obsolescence or depreciation of those assets,

for any chargeable period during any part of which they are used by the person carrying on a trade for scientific research related to that trade.

(3) The cost to a person of the demolition of any property shall not, if section 92(4) (a) above or paragraph 2(4) of Schedule 10 to this Act applies to it, be treated for the purposes of this Act as expenditure incurred in respect of any other property by which that property is replaced.

96

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part II

Interpretation of Part n.

1965 c. 25.

94.—(1) In this Part of this Act—

" scientific research " means any activities in the fields of natural or applied science for the extension of knowledge;

‘‘scientific research expenditure" means expenditure incurred on scientific research;

references to expenditure incurred on scientific research do not include any expenditure incurred in the acquisition of rights in. or arising out of. scientific research, but, subject to that, include all expenditure incurred for the prosecution of, or the provision of facilities for the prosecution of, scientific research;

references to scientific research related to a trade or a class of trades include—

(a) any scientific research which may lead to or facilitate an extension of that trade or, as the case may be, of trades of that class;

(b) any scientific research of a medical nature which has a special relation to the welfare of workers employed in that trade or, as the case may be, trades of that class;

" asset " includes part of an asset.

(2) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

" the Board " means the Commissioners of Inland Revenue;

"chargeable period" means an accounting period of a company or a year of assessment;

"company" has the same meaning as in Part IV of the Finance Act 1965;

" tax ", where neither corporation tax nor income tax is specified, means either of those taxes;

"writing-down allowance", where the reference is partly to years of assessment before the year 1966-67, includes an annual allowance in the sense which in the context that phrase had immediately before the commencement of the Finance Act 1965.

(3) In this Part of this Act a reference to allowances being made in taxing a trade is a reference to their being made in computing the trading income for corporation tax or in charging the profits or gains of the trade to income tax.

(4) References in this Part of this Act to the setting up and commencement of a trade and to the permanent discontinuance of a trade include references to the occurring of any event which, under any of the provisions of the Income Tax Acts or the Corporation Tax Acts, is to be treated as equivalent to the

Capital Allowances Act

Ch. 3

97

setting up and commencement of a trade or, as the case may be. Part n to the permanent discontinuance thereof:

Provided that the reference above to the Corporation Tax Acts shall not include a reference to paragraph 7 of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1965 (overseas trade corporations). 1965 c. 25.

(5) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the time of any sale shall be construed as a reference to the time of completion or the time when possession is given, whichever is the earlier.

95.—(1) Deductions allowable in taxing a trade under the Supplemental provisions of this Part of this Act as they apply for the purposes of income tax shall be given effect in accordance with subsections (2) and (4) of section 70 of this Act, and deductions so allowable under those provisions as they apply for the purposes of corporation tax shall be given effect in accordance with section 73 of this Act

(2) Section 77 of this Act shall have effect in relation to section 92 above and the corresponding provisions of Schedule 10 to this Act as if that section and those provisions were contained in Part I of this Act

(3) Sections 91 and 92 above, and the corresponding provision of Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect subject to the provisions of section 78 of, and Schedule 7 to, this Act

(4) In section 80 of this Act references to sections 70,

73 and 78 of this Act and to Schedule 7 to this Act, are references to those provisions as extended by this section, and this Part of this Act has effect subject to Schedule 8 to this Act

(5) Subsections (8) and (9) of section 87 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this Part of this Act as they apply for the purposes of Part I of this Act, but as if, in the proviso to the said subsection (8), references to a basis period were references to a basis year.

(6) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, expenditure shall not be regarded as incurred by a person in so far as it is, or is to be, met directly or indirectly by the Crown or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any person other than the first-mentioned person.

(7) The same expenditure shall not be taken into account for any of the purposes of this Part of this Act in relation to more than one trade.

(8) If any question arises under this Part of this Act as to whether, and if so to what extent, any activities constitute or constituted, or any asset is or was being used for, scientific

98

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part II

Commence* ment and repeals.

Continuity.

research, the Board shall refer the question for decision to the Secretary of State or the Minister of Technology, as may be appropriate in relation to the activities in question, and his decision shall be final.

Part III General

96. —(1) Except as otherwise provided by Part I of this Act, Parts I and II of this Act shall come into force and have effect as respects allowances and charges falling to be made for chargeable periods ending after 5th April 1968.

(2) The provisions of this Act applied by subsection (1) above include those under which effect may be given to allowances falling to be made for a chargeable period by setting any part of them against the profits or gains of some other chargeable period, and subsection (1) above shall apply to allowances falling to be made for the chargeable periods there mentioned notwithstanding that, under any such provision of this Act, or under any other provision of the Income Tax Acts or the Corporation Tax Acts, effect is to be given to those allowances by setting any part of them off against the profits or gains of a chargeable period ending before 6th April 1968.

(3) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 11 to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule, and the provisions of this Act brought into force by subsection (1) above shall have effect to the exclusion of the corresponding provisions so repealed, and those repeals shall take effect accordingly.

(4) The said repeals shall not affect any enactment so far as it authorises effect to be given to an allowance falling to be made for a chargeable period ending before 6th April 1968 by setting any part of it against profits or gains of a chargeable period ending after 5th April 1968, and subsection (1) above shall not be read as referring to any such allowance.

97. —(1) The continuity of the operation of the Income Tax Acts and the Corporation Tax Acts shall not be affected by the substitution of this Act for the repealed enactments.

(2) Any reference, whether express or implied, in this Act to, or to things done or falling to be done under or for the purposes of, any provision of this Act shall, if and so far as the nature of the reference permits, be construed as including, in relation to the times, years or periods, circumstances or purposes in relation to which the corresponding provision in

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

99

die repealed enactments has or had effect, a reference to, or as Part in the case may be to things done or falling to be done under or for the purposes of, that corresponding provision.

(3) The repeals made by this Part of this Act shall not affect any instrument made or other thing done under the repealed enactments and, so far as any such instrument or other thing could have affected the allowances, deductions and charges as respects which this Act has effect if this Act had not passed, this Act shall have effect as if the instrument or other thing had been made or done under the corresponding provisions of this Act

(4) Subsection (3) above applies in particular to any election, to any appointment to any claim for an allowance, and to any proceedings on any such claim.

(5) Without prejudice to the said subsection (3), the repeals made by this Part of this Act in Schedule 2 to the Science

and Technology Act 1965 shall not affect that Schedule so far 1965 c. 4. as it provides for approvals given under section 335(b) or (c) of the Income Tax Act 1952 before its coming into force as 1952 c. 10. respects that section to be treated as given by the Secretary of State or the Minister of Technology.

(6) In this and the next following section " the repealed enactments" means the enactments repealed by Schedule 11 to this Act, and such of the enactments repealed by the Income Tax Act 1952 as correspond to the provisions of that Act so repealed.

98.—(1) Any reference, whether express or implied, in any construction enactment, instrument or document passed or made before or of existing in the same Session as this Act to, or to things done or falling Acts andt to be done under or for the purposes of, any of the repealed documents enactments shall, if and so far as the nature of the reference permits, be construed as including, in relation to the times, years or periods, circumstances or purposes in relation to which the corresponding provision of this Act has effect, a reference to, or as the case may be to things done or deemed to be done or falling to be done under or for the purposes of. that corresponding provision.

(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that Parts I and II of this Act have effect subject to those provisions of the Income Tax Acts and the Corporation Tax Acts which are not repealed by this Act, and, with a view to preserving the existing effect of such of those enactments as are mentioned in Schedule 12 to this Act, (they shall be amended in accordance with that Schedule.

(3) The provisions of this Part of this Act are without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpretation Act 1889 as 1889 c. 63. respects the effect of repeals.

100

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Part m Construction of future enactments.

Short title and

construction.

1965 c. 25.

99. —(1) Except as otherwise expressly provided or where the context otherwise requires, section 97 of this Act shall apply for the purpose of construing any provision contained in an Act passed after this Act, or in an instrument made after the passing of this Act under any Act, past or future, which refers to a provision of this Act, as it applies for the purposes of construing this Act

(2) This subsection has effect in applying for corporation tax any Act passed after this Act.

For the purposes of corporation tax, the right to an allowance or liability to a charge under this Act for an accounting period, and the rate or amount of any such allowance or charge, shall be determined by applying the law in force for the year of assessment in which die accounting period ends.

100. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Capital Allowances Act 1968.

(2) Except in so far as this Act otherwise provides, its provisions shall apply equally for purposes of income tax and for purposes of corporation tax; and section 63(5) of the Finance Act 1965 (which relates to the construction of income tax provisions applying both to income tax and corporation tax) shall apply to this Act as it applies to any such provisions of the Income Tax Acts.

(3) This Act, so far as it relates to income tax, shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts and, so far as it relates to corporation tax, shall be construed as one with the Corporation Tax Acts.

(4) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or applied by or under any other enactment including this Act.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

101

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Initial Allowances: Transitory

Sections 1(2), 18(2), 56(2) and 67(1).

1.—(1) This paragraph has effect as regards the relationship between initial allowances and investment allowances (that is the investment allowances under the provisions repealed by section 35 of the Finance Act 1966 except as regards expenditure incurred before 1966 c. 18. 17th January 1966 and certain expenditure under contracts before that date).

(2) If any such investment allowance falls to be made in respect of any expenditure, this Act shall apply to that expenditure with the following modifications—

(a) in section 1(2), for the words " three-twentieths " there shall

be substituted the words " one-twentieth ",

(b) in section 18(2), for the words 44 three-tenths " there shall be substituted the words 44 one-tenth ",

(c) in section 56(2), for the words 44 two-fifths " there shall be

substituted the words 44one-fifth",

(d) in section 67(1 Xu), for the words 44 three-twentieths " there shall be substituted the words 44 one-twentieth".

(3) Where an investment allowance in respect of any expenditure

is withheld or withdrawn under paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Finance Act 1954 then— 1954 c. 44.

(a) if it is withheld or withdrawn by reason of a sale or transfer

such initial allowance (if any) as might have been made in addition to the investment allowance if it had not been withheld or withdrawn shall be made, or

(b) if it is withheld or withdrawn otherwise than by reason of a sale or transfer such initial allowance (if any) as might have been made in respect of the said expenditure but for sub-paragraph (2) above shall be made.

(4) In the case of an initial allowance under section 67(1 Xu) of this Act, sub-paragraph (3) above shall not apply, but if an investment allowance in respect of any expenditure is withheld or withdrawn otherwise than by reason of a sale of the trade deemed for the purposes of the said section 67 to constitute the permanent discontinuance thereof such initial allowance as might have been made in respect of the said expenditure but for sub-paragraph (2) above shall he made.

(5) Subject to sub-paragraphs (3) and (4) above, where an investment allowance falls to be made in addition to an initial allowance, no greater initial allowance shall be made by reason that the investment allowance is for any reason not made.

2.—(1) Where an investment allowance is made or falls to be made in respect of expenditure on machinery or plant, and the machinery

Machinery and plant

102

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 1 or plant is sold by the person incurring the expenditure or an associate of his, then if either—

(a) the buyer is an associate of the person incurring the expenditure, or

(b) it appears with respect to the sale either—

(i) that it is one in contemplation of which the expenditure was incurred, or

(ii) that the sole or main benefit which, apart from this paragraph, might have been expected to accrue to the parties or any of them would have been or have derived from the allowances (whether investment allowances or initial allowances) obtained or to be obtained in respect of the machinery or plant sold or any machinery or plant by which it is or is to be replaced;

the amount of the initial allowance (if any) to which the buyer is entitled shall be reduced by two-thirds, unless the investment allowance is withheld or withdrawn under paragraph 1 of Schedule 1954 c. 44. 2 to the Finance Act 1954 or the initial allowance is reduced in

accordance with the provisions of Schedule 7 to this Act

(2) For die purposes of this paragraph machinery or plant shall be deemed to be sold, or as the case may be bought, by an associate of the person incurring the expenditure—

(a) if it is sold, or as the case may be bought, by a body of persons which is at the time of the sale under the control of the person incurring the expenditure, or

(b) if the expenditure was incurred by a body of persons which either is at the time of the sale or was when the expenditure was incurred under the control of the seller, or as the case may be the buyer, or

(c) if the expenditure was incurred by one body of persons and

the machinery or plant is sold, or as the case may be bought, by another, and the seller, or as the case may be the buyer, is at the time of the sale under the control of the same person as the body incurring the expenditure either is at that time or was when the expenditure was incurred,

or if it is sold by a person to whom the machinery or plant was transferred by the person incurring the expenditure or an associate of his and it appears that the transfer was made in contemplation of the sale.

In this sub-paragraph " body of persons " includes a partnership.

Ships

3.—(1) Where an investment allowance falls to be made in respect of any expenditure incurred on the provision of a ship, no initial allowance shall be made in respect of that expenditure, and paragraph 1 above shall not apply.

(2) Where an investment allowance in respect of any expenditure incurred on the provision of a ship is withheld or withdrawn under paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Finance Act 1954 otherwise than

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

103

by reason of a sale or transfer, such initial allowance (if any) as might have been made in respect of that expenditure but for sub-paragraph (1) above shall be made.

(3) In the case of expenditure incurred on the provision of a ship paragraph 2(1) above mall apply as if for the words following sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) in the said paragraph 2(1) there were substituted the words—

" the buyer shall not be entitled to an initial allowance, unless the investment allowance is withheld or withdrawn under paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Finance Act 1954

(4) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) above, where an investment allowance falls to be made in respect of expenditure incurred on the provision of a ship, no initial allowance shall be made in respect of that expenditure notwithstanding that the investment allowance is for any reason not made.

Supplemental

4.—(1) All such assessments and adjustments of assessments shall be made as may be necessary for or in consequence of the substitution for an investment allowance of an initial allowance under the preceding provisions of this Schedule, and may be so made at any time.

(2) In the case of the death of a person who, if he had not died, would, under the preceding provisions of this Schedule, have become chargeable to income tax for any year, the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators and shall be a debt due from and payable out of his estate.

Expenditure incurred before 8 April 1959

5.—(1) This paragraph has effect as respects expenditure incurred before 8th April 1959 (that is to say expenditure incurred before the coming into force of the rates of allowance prescribed by section 21 of the Finance Act 1959 and in respect of which an initial allowance would only fall to be made under this Act where section 1(4) proviso applies or where, under section 1(6), section 18(4) or section 64, expenditure incurred before 8th April 1959 is to be treated as having been incurred at a later time).

(2) In the case of such expenditure the rate of any initial allowance under this Act shall be such as would have applied if this Act had not passed, and neither the rates substituted by paragraph 1(2) above nor the rates for which they are substituted shall apply.

SCHEDULE 2 Motor Cars Preliminary

1.—(1) Except as otherwise provided in paragraphs 9 and 10 below, the descriptions of vehicles to which this Schedule applies are those to which section 32 of this Act applies.

(2) Paragraphs 2 to 7 of this Schedule have effect as respects initial allowances, writing-down allowances and balancing allowances in

SCH. 1

1959 c. 58.

Sections 18(3), 19(3) and 32(3).

104

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 2 respect of expenditure incurred on the provision of a vehicle to which this Schedule applies, not being—

(a) expenditure incurred before 17th April 1961, nor

(b) expenditure incurred under a contract entered into before that day where either the expenditure was incurred within twelve months after that day or the contract was one of hire-purchase or for purchase by instalments.

and references in paragraphs 8 and 9 of this Schedule to expenditure incurred on the provision or hiring of a vehicle do not include references to expenditure within paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) above.

Initial allowances: transitory provisions

2. Where an initial allowance is not precluded by section 18(3) of this Act, the amount to be allowed by way of initial allowance for any one vehicle shall not exceed £600 (whether the allowance falls to be made by reference to lump sum expenditure or by reference to the amounts of instalments), and the references in paragraph 3(2) of Schedule 7 to this Act to the appropriate fraction of the limit of recharge on the seller shall have effect accordingly as references to the limit of recharge reduced by £600.

Writing-down allowances: previous user which has not attracted allowances

3. —(1) Section 30 of this Act shall have effect as if at the end of subsection (1) thereof there were added 44 and in any case where the machinery or plant was not in fact used for the purposes of the trade in the first of those previous chargeable periods (whether or not the trade was then being carried on) there shall be deemed to have been made to him for that chargeable period the maximum allowances permitted by subsections (1) and (2) of section 32 of this Act

(2) The reference in sub-paragraph (1) above to the maximum allowances permitted by subsections (1) and (2) of section 32 of this Act includes (where the initial allowance would not have been precluded by section 18(3) of this Act) a reference to the maximum allowances permitted by paragraph 2 above.

Restriction of balancing allowances

4. Where apart from this paragraph a balancing allowance would fall to be made in respect of any vehicle, and the event giving rise to the allowance takes place within a chargeable period or its basis period, being a chargeable period as respects which subsections

(1) and (2) of section 32 of this Act, or paragraph 3 above, would operate to reduce the amount of any writing-down allowance falling to be made in respect of the vehicle, or would so operate but for any provision of the Income Tax Acts or the Corporation Tax Acts (other than this paragraph) reducing writing-down allowances—

(a) if the person to whom the balancing allowance would fall to be made proves that as respects the period during which the vehicle has been used for the purposes of his trade the amount (if any) falling to be made to him by way of writing-down allowances in respect of the vehicle is less

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

105

than an amount at a rate of £500 a year, the amount of the balancing allowance shall not exceed the amount of the difference, increased, if any amount which could have been allowed by way of initial allowance was not claimed, by that amount;

(b) in any other case no balancing allowance shall be made unless any amount which could have been allowed by way of initial allowance was not claimed, and if so the balancing allowance shall not exceed that amount

Reduction of allowances for part-time use, .

5. It is hereby declared that the provisions of the Income Tax Acts and the Corporation Tax Acts (other than this paragraph) which in special circumstances reduce initial or writing-down allowances, and balancing allowances, apply to allowances after modification by subsections (1) and (2) of section 32 of this Act and the preceding provisions of this Schedule; and, in particular, where, in a case falling within section 37 or the proviso to section 38 of this Act, it is just and reasonable that paragraph 4 above should apply with the substitution for the reference to £500 of a reference to a smaller amount, that paragraph shall so apply, without prejudice to the determination in accordance with the said section 37 or the said proviso whether any balancing allowance falls to be made, or would fall to be made apart from paragraph 4 above.

Subsidies and contributions to expenditure

6. Where under section 84 of this Act any part of the expenditure incurred on the provision of a vehicle is to be treated as not having been incurred by a person, or under section 85 of this Act a person’s contribution to such expenditure is to be treated as expenditure on the provision of a similar vehicle, subsections (1) and (2) of section 32 of this Act and the preceding provisions of this Schedule shall have the like effect as if for the references to £500 (read with section 19(3) of this Act) and to £600 there were substituted references to sums which bear the same proportion thereto as the amount of expenditure which is to be treated as having been incurred by the person providing the vehicle, or as the case may be the amount of the contribution, bears to the whole expenditure incurred on the provision of the vehicle.

Option in case of replacement of machinery or plant

7. Section 40(1) of this Act shall not have effect where the vehicle is the new plant referred to in that subsection, and this provision shall apply in relation to balancing charges as well as in relation to initial and writing-down allowances.

Limit on renewals allowances

8. —(1) In determining what amount (if any) is allowable—

(a) to be deducted in computing profits or gains chargeable

to tax under Schedule D, or

(b) to be deducted from emoluments chargeable to tax under Schedule E, or

D*

Sea. 2

106

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 2

I960 c. 44.

(c) to be taken into account for the purposes of any allowances falling to be made by virtue of section 72(2) of the Finance Act 1960,

in respect of capital expenditure, being expenditure exceeding £2,000 incurred on the provision of a vehicle, the excess over £2,000 shall be disregarded for all purposes; but if on the replacement of the vehicle any amount becomes allowable as aforesaid in respect of capital expenditure on any other vehicle, any deduction falling to be made, in determining the last-mentioned amount, for the value or proceeds of sale of the replaced vehicle or otherwise in respect thereof shall be reduced in the proportion which £2,000 bears to the cost of the replaced vehicle.

(2) Where a vehicle to which this Schedule applies is replaced by another such vehicle, and sub-paragraph (1) above has effect, the capital expenditure on the provision of the replacement vehicle shall be taken for the purposes of Chapter II of Part I of this Act (including this Schedule) to be the amount of the deduction (if any) falling to be made, in determining what amount is allowable as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) above, by reason of the cost of the replacement vehicle exceeding the cost of the replaced vehicle.

(3) In sub-paragraph (1) above "capital expenditure* shall be construed without regard to section 82(1) of this Act.

Limit on deductions, etc. for hiring cars

9.—(1) Where apart from this paragraph the amount of any expenditure on the hiring (otherwise than by way of hire-purchase) of a vehicle to which this paragraph applies would be allowed to be deducted or taken into account as mentioned in paragraph 8(1) above, and the retail price of the vehicle at the time when it was made exceeded £2,000, the said amount shall be reduced in the proportion which £2,000, together with one half of the excess, bears to the said price.

(2) Where a person, having on or after 4th April 1963 hired (otherwise than by way of hire-purchase) a vehicle to which this paragraph applies, subsequently becomes the owner thereof, and the retail price of the vehicle at the time it was made exceeded £2,000, then for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts and the Corporation Tax Acts (and in particular section 32 of this Act and this Schedule)—

(a) so much of the aggregate of the payments for the hire of

the vehicle and of any payment for the acquisition thereof as does not exceed the retail price of the vehicle at the time it was made shall be treated as capital expenditure incurred on the provision of the vehicle, and as having been incurred when the hiring began, and

(b) the payments to be treated as expenditure on the hiring of the vehicle shall be rateably reduced so as to amount in the aggregate to the balance.

(3) The descriptions of vehicles to which this paragraph applies are those to which section 32 of this Act applies, and those to which it would apply but for subsection (6) of that section.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

107

Apportionment of hire-purchase payments

10. —(1) Where the person providing a vehicle takes it under a hire-purchase contract, and the retail price at the time of the contract exceeds £2,000, then in apportioning the payments under the contract between capital expenditure incurred on the provision of the vehicle and other expenditure so much of those payments shall be treated as such capital expenditure as is equal to the price which would be chargeable, at the time the contract is entered into, to the person providing the vehicle if he were acquiring it on a sale outright.

(2) This paragraph applies to all mechanically propelled road vehicles constructed or adapted for the carriage of passengers, other than vehicles of a type not commonly used as a private vehicle and unsuitable to be so used.

Supplemental

11. —(1) There shall be made all such assessments and adjustments of assessments as may be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to section 32(6) of this Act, and to paragraph 9(2) above, and any such assessments or adjustments of assessments may be made at any time.

(2) In the case of the death of a person who, if he had not died, would, under the said provisions, have become chargeable to tax for any year, the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators and shall be a debt due from and payable out of his estate.

(3) Any claim for an allowance by virtue of paragraph 9(2) above may be made in connection with the making or adjusting of assessments under this paragraph, and whether so made or not may notwithstanding anything in section 70 of this Act be made at any time not later than two years after the claimant became the owner of the vehicle.

SCHEDULE 3 Machinery and Plant: Hire-purchase, etc.

l.-^-(l) Where a person, having incurred capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant under a contract providing that he shall or may become the owner of the machinery or plant on the performance of the contract—

(a) without becoming the owner of it ceases to be entitled to the benefit of the contract, so far as it relates to the machinery or plant, and (h) receives or is entitled to any capital sum by way of consideration, compensation, damages or insurance moneys in respect of his rights under the contract or of the machinery or plant, then (subject to paragraph 2 of this Schedule) that expenditure shall be left out of account for the purposes of Chapter II of Part I of this Act.

(2) Where—

(a) a person who has incurred capital expenditure as aforesaid dies or otherwise ceases to be entitled to the benefit of the

D* 2

Sch. 2

Sections 18(7 and 85(2).

108

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Scel 3

contract, so far as it relates to the machinery or plant, without either becoming the owner of the machinery or plant or receiving or being entitled to any such capital sum as aforesaid, and

(b) another person, having become entitled to the benefit of that expenditure—

(i) ceases to be entitled to it without becoming the owner of the machinery or plant, and

(ii) receives or is entitled to any capital sum by way of consideration, compensation, damages or insurance moneys in respect of that benefit or of the machinery or plant,

the preceding sub-paragraph shall apply as if the person incurring the expenditure had received such a capital sum as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of that sub-paragraph.

2. Paragraph 1 above shall not affect any allowance given by virtue of section 85 of this Act in respect of a person's contribution to another person’s expenditure; but an initial allowance shall not be given by virtue of that section in respect of a person’s contribution or, if previously given, shall be withdrawn where, without the machinery or plant belonging to the person making the contribution or to the person for the time being carrying on the trade for the purposes of which it is provided, the relevant asset ceases to be treated under section 85(2) of this Act as belonging to the person making the contribution, and he receives any capital sum by way of consideration, compensation, damages or insurance moneys in respect of his contribution or of the machinery or plant

3. -H[l) Where a person has incurred capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant for the purposes of his trade (without the machinery or plant belonging to him), and he or the person for the time being entitled to the benefit of that expenditure enters into any arrangement which, with or without any associated transactions, has the effect (or would if tax were chargeable in respect of any profits or gains of the trade have the effect) both—

(a) that, under paragraph 1 of this Schedule, that expenditure

falls to be left out of account for the purposes of the said Chapter II, and

(b) that another person (" the successor ") incurs capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant for the purposes of his trade in securing for himself the benefit of that expenditure incurred by the first-mentioned person,

then that expenditure incurred by the successor, in so far as it exceeds that expenditure incurred by the first-mentioned person, shall also be left out of account for the purposes of the said Chapter II. if in addition—

(i) of the successor and the person last previously entitled to the benefit aforesaid, either is a body of persons over whom the other has control or both are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both, or

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

109

(ii) it appears with respect to the arrangement, or with respect Scsu 3 to transactions of which the arrangement is one, that the sole or main benefit which, apart from the provisions of this paragraph, might have been expected to accrue to the parties or any of them was the obtaining of an allowance under the said Chapter II.

(2) In this paragraph44 body of persons " includes a partnership.

4.—(1) There shall be made all such assessments and adjustments of assessments as may be necessary for or in consequence of the withdrawal of any allowance given in respect of expenditure falling to be left out of account under this Schedule, or as may otherwise be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to this Schedule, and any such assessments or adjustments of assessments may be made at any time.

(2) In the case of the death of a person who, if he had not died, would, under the provisions of this Schedule, have become chargeable to tax for any year, the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators and shall be a debt due from and payable out of his estate.

SCHEDULE 4 Section 20(6).

Machinery and Plant: Existing Writing-Down Percentages

Application of existing determinations to 1968-69 and later years

1.—(1) The provisions of this paragraph are without prejudice to section 20(6) of this Act as read with Part m of this Act, and shall have effect, as respects machinery or plant to which paragraphs 2 and 3 below apply, subject to the provisions of those paragraphs.

(2) Except so far as it is superseded by any subsequent determination under section 20(3) or section 21(3) of this Act, any determination under section 35(3) of the Finance Act 1963 (or under that 1963 c. 25. subsection as applied by subsection (6) of the same section) made

for or applied to the year 1967-68 shall apply also to subsequent years as if made under section 20(3) or section 21(3) of this Act as the case may be.

(3) Except so far as it is superseded by any subsequent determination under section 20(4) or section 21(4) of this Act, any determination made or deemed to be made under section 281 or section 282 of the Income Tax Act 1952, being a determination made for or applied 1952 c. 10. to the year 1967-68, shall apply also to subsequent years as if it

were the determination of a basic percentage under the said section 20(4) or the said section 21(4) as the case may be.

(4) References in section 20 of this Act to a class of machinery or plant include references to any machinery or plant which was the subject of a determination applied for the year 1967-68 by virtue

D* 3

110

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 4

1952 c. 10.

of section 281(5) of the Income Tax Act 1952 (percentages in use in 1948-49 for machinery or plant not within a class for which a determination was made).

New machinery and plant provided after 5th November 1962

2.—(1) This and the next following paragraph apply to new machinery or plant capital expenditure on the provision of which was incurred after 5th November 1962 (within the meaning of that expression as defined in section 19(4) of this Act).

(2) Where a writing-down allowance under section 20 of this Act in respect of machinery or plant to which this paragraph applies falls to be computed by reference to a percentage established before the year 1963-64. the amount of the allowance resulting under sub-paragraph (4) below from the application of that percentage—

(a) where it is less than 15 per cent, of the relevant capital

amount, shall be increased so as to equal 15 per cent, of that amount,

(b) where it is between 15 and 20 per cent, of the relevant capital amount, shall be increased so as to equal 20 per cent, of that amount,

(c) where it is less than 25 but not less than 20 per cent of the

relevant capital amount shall be increased so as to equal 25 per cent, of that amount.

(3) Where a writing-down allowance under section 21 of this Act in respect of machinery or plant to which this paragraph applies falls to be computed by reference to a percentage established before the year 1963-64, the amount of the allowance resulting under sub-paragraph (4) below from the application of that percentage—

(a) where it is less than 6£ per cent, of the relevant capital

amount, shall be increased so as to equal 6£ per cent, of that amount,

(b) where it is between 6£ and 8£ per cent, of the relevant capital amount, shall be increased so as to equal 8$ per cent of that amount

(c) where it is less than 11£ but not less than 8£ per cent of the relevant capital amount, shall be increased so as to equal 11£ per cent, of that amount.

(4) Paragraph 1(3) above shall apply to a determination carried forward from a year before 1963-64 in respect of a class of machinery or plant notwithstanding that it includes machinery or plant to which this paragraph applies, and in that case the basic percentage established by the determination and the provisions of section 20(4) or, as the case may be, section 21(4) of this Act increasing it by one-quarter shall have effect as respects the said machinery or plant for the purposes of—

(a) deciding whether or not a writing-down allowance falls to be increased under sub-paragraph (2) or (3) above.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

111

(b) arriving at the amount of a writing-down allowance which Sch. 4 does not fall to be so increased, and

(c) the calculation referred to in sub-paragraph (5) below.

(5) Where paragraph 1(3) above applies in accordance with sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph to a determination carried forward from a year before 1963-64—

(a) the said paragraph 1(3) shall have effect, as respects

machinery or plant to which this paragraph applies, as if for the reference to any subsequent determination under section 20(4) or section 21(4) of this Act there were substituted a reference to any subsequent determination under section 20(3) or section 21(3) of this Act, and

(b) in deciding whether or not, as respects such machinery or plant as aforesaid, a redetermination of the percentage established by the first-mentioned determination is necessary, the amount of the basic percentage as falling to be adjusted, that is to say, as increased by one-quarter under the last preceding sub-paragraph and further increased, where so required, under sub-paragraph (2) or (3) above, shall be treated as if it were a percentage determined in accordance with the said section 20(3) or section 21(3), as the case may be,

so, however, that where the basic percentage, as increased by one-quarter, is greater than the percentage mentioned in sub-paragraph (2Xc) or, as the case may be, sub-paragraph (3)(c) above, paragraph (b) of this sub-paragraph shall apply as if that greater percentage were instead so mentioned.

3.—(1) References in paragraph 2 above to a percentage established before the year 1963-64 shall be construed as references to a percentage established by a determination which before the commencement of this Act was made or deemed to be made under section 281(2), or, as the case may be, section 282(2), of the Income 1952 c. 10. Tax Act 1952 for a year before the year 1963-64.

(2) Where, in the case of machinery or plant of any class, annual allowances for the year 1962-63 or any earlier year of assessment falling to be computed in accordance with the said section 281 or 282 were computed by reference to a percentage which, though not determined or deemed to have been determined by the Board under that section, was commonly treated as if it had been so determined, that percentage shall, notwithstanding that a percentage

has, after the commencement of the Finance Act 1963, been so 1963 c. 25. determined for the year, be regarded for the purposes of this Schedule as the percentage so determined in respect of machinery or plant of that class for the year 1962-63 or that earlier year, as the case may be.

(3) In paragraph 2 of this Schedule "relevant capital amount* means the amount specified in section 20(1) or, as the case may be, section 21(1) of this Act as the amount by reference to which a writing-down allowance to be computed.

D* 4

112

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sections 52,53 SCHEDULE 5

end 54.

Minerals: Special Provisions for Certain Expenditure Exploration machinery and plant

1. —(1) Where machinery or plant used by any person in searching for, or discovering and testing, the mineral deposits of any source, or winning access thereto, either—

(a) is not sold, demolished or destroyed before the source is worked in the course of a trade, or

(b) before being sold, demolished or destroyed as aforesaid, or before being used as aforesaid, is used by him for some other purpose,

then of the capital expenditure incurred by him on the machinery or plant so much only shall be treated for the purposes of Chapter HI of Part I of this Act as incurred in connection with that source as in the opinion of the inspector (or, on appeal, of the Commissioners having jurisdiction in the matter) does not exceed the amount of the diminution in the value of the machinery or plant attributable to its use in searching for, discovering and testing and winning access to the deposits of that source, and the remainder shall not be treated as qualifying expenditure by reason of the use of the machinery or plant in connection with that source.

(2) In the case of machinery or plant used in searching for, or discovering and testing, or winning access to, the deposits of more than one source the aggregate amount of the expenditure treated under this paragraph as incurred by any person in connection with those sources shall not exceed the total amount of the expenditure incurred by him on the machinery or plant.

2. —(1) Where a person carrying on a trade which consists of or includes the working of any mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature has incurred qualifying expenditure on machinery or plant for the purposes of that trade, then for the purposes of Chapter HI of Part I of this Act any sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys in respect of the machinery or plant shall—

(a) if by virtue of the preceding paragraph the qualifying expen-

iiture is not the whole of the capital expenditure incurred oy him on the machinery or plant, be disregarded except in so far as they exceed the difference between the said capital expenditure and the qualifying expenditure on the machinery or plant,

(b) subject to paragraph (a) of this sub-paragraph, if the

qualifying expenditure on the machinery or plant was incurred in connection with more than one source, be apportioned between the sources in such manner as appears to the inspector (or, on appeal, to the Commissioners having

jurisdiction in the matter) to be appropriate.

(2) The deductions to be made under section 57(6) of this Act in respect of any machinery or plant shall not, in the case of any

source, exceed the amount of the qualifying expenditure on the

machinery or plant incurred in connection with that source.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

113

(3) In Schedule 7 to this Act references to machinery or plant shall not apply in the case of machinery or plant which for the idler of the machinery or plant is an asset representing qualifying expenditure.

Overseas mineral rights and land

3. —(1) Where—

(a) a person incurs expenditure to which section 53(1) of this Act applies on acquiring any deposits or rights, and

(*) those deposits or rights had previously been acquired by some other person, being, or being a body corporate or partnership under the control of, a person resident in the United Kingdom, and

(c) the case is not one to which section 58(7) of this Act applies,

then subject to paragraph 5 below, the said expenditure of the first-mentioned person shall be left out of account for the purposes of Chapter III of Part I of this Act so far as it exceeds the capital expenditure incurred by the said other person in acquiring the deposits or rights.

(2) In the cases specified in this sub-paragraph, sub-paragraph (1) above and paragraph 5 below shall have effect subject to the following provisions—

(a) if there has been more than one acquisition to which sub-paragraph (IX*) above applies, regard shall be had only to that one of the other persons mentioned in the said sub-paragraph (1 )(*) who first acquired the deposits or rights,

(*) where any such other person as is mentioned in the said sub-paragraph (1)(*) carried on a trade which consisted of or included the buying or selling of, or of rights in or over, mineral deposits, references to capital expenditure shall, in relation to him, be deemed to include expenditure which would have been capital expenditure if his trade had been the working of the deposits or rights in question and had not included such buying and selling as aforesaid,

(c) in computing the expenditure of any such other person, liabilities undertaken by him which, in connection with the disposal by him of the deposits or rights in question, have been taken over by some other person may, notwithstanding anything in section 82(3) of this Act, be taken into account

4. —(1) Where—

(a) a person incurs or has incurred in connection with any source of mineral deposits any such expenditure as is mentioned in section 54(1) of this Act, and

(*) the land acquired by him had previously been acquired by some other person, being, or being a body corporate or partnership under the control of, a person resident in the United Kingdom, and had been so acquired either for use in connection with the working of that source or for the

Sch. 5

114

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 3

purpose of a trade consisting of or including the buying and selling of land containing mineral deposits, and

(c) the case is not one to which section 58(7) of this Act applies,

then subject to paragraph 5 below, that expenditure shall not be treated by virtue of the said section 54 as qualifying expenditure so far as it exceeds the capital expenditure incurred by the said other person in acquiring the land.

(2) In the cases specified in this sub-paragraph, sub-paragraph (1) above and paragraph 5 below shall have effect subject to the following provisions—

(a) if there has been more than one acquisition to which sub-

paragraph (lXh) above applies, regard shall be had only to the first of those acquisitions,

(b) where the person making the acquisition to which the said sub-paragraph (1 Xh) applies (or, if there has been more than one such acquisition, the one to which regard is to be had) carried on a trade consisting of or including the buying and selling of land containing mineral deposits, references to capital expenditure shalf in relation to him, be taken to include expenditure which would have been capital expenditure if his trade had been the working of the source in question and had not included such buying and selling as aforesaid,

(c) in computing the expenditure of the person making the said

acquisition, liabilities undertaken by him which, in connection with the disposal by him of the land in question, have been taken over by some other person may, notwithstanding anything in section 82(3) of this Act, be taken into account.

5.—(1) Where the source or part of the source in question in paragraph 3 or the source in question in paragraph 4 above has been worked between the dates of the two acquisitions, the capital expenditure of the other person mentioned in paragraph 3OXh) or paragraph 4(1 Xh), as the case may be, incurred in acquiring the deposits or rights, or, as the case may be, the land, shall be treated for the purposes of paragraphs 3(1) and 4(1) above as reduced as follows.

(2) In a case where the expenditure is incurred on or after the

A

appointed day it shall be reduced by applying the fraction

A + B

where—

* A " is the total potential future output from the source or part, estimated as at the later of those dates, and

" B " is the actual output from the source or part between those dates.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

115

" B " is the actual total output from the source or part from the earlier of those dates up to the appointed day, and

"C" is the total potential future output from the source or part, estimated as at the appointed day.

Minerals: Expenditure incurred before Appointed Day

1. The amount of expenditure which a person who, on the appointed day, was carrying on a trade which consisted of or included the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature is to be treated for certain purposes of Chapter III of Part I of this Act as having incurred on that day shall, except in the cases dealt with in Part III of this Schedule, be the amount specified in Part II thereof.

2. In the following provisions of this Schedule, the said expenditure is referred to as " the appointed day expenditure " and the said person is referred to as " the trader ".

Provisions Applicable where Part III of this Schedulb

3. Except in cases to which Part EH of this Schedule applies, the amount of the appointed day expenditure shall be ascertained by—

(a) ascertaining the total qualifying expenditure which was

incurred by the trader before the appointed day for the purposes of the trade and in connection with the source, and

(b) subtracting therefrom the amounts specified in paragraph 4 of this Schedule, and

(c) applying the fraction specified in paragraph 5 of this

Schedule to the result

4. The said amounts are—

(a) where any asset representing any part of the expenditure incurred by the trader as aforesaid before the appointed day has, before the appointed day, been sold by him, the

SCHEDULE 6

Section 57(5).

Part I Preliminary

Part n

does not Apply

116

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 6 amount of the expenditure so incurred which is attributable

to that asset, and

(b) where the assets representing the expenditure so incurred, not being assets sold by the trader before the appointed day, consist of or include buildings or structures, any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances made in respect of the buildings or structures for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day fell.

A

5. The said fraction is —--- where—

A+B

"A" is the total potential future output from the source, estimated as at the appointed day, and

" B " is the total output from the source before the appointed day.

6. —(1) In relation to expenditure which is qualifying expenditure by virtue of section 52 or section 54 of this Act-

fa) references in this Part of this Schedule to qualifying expenditure shall be taken as referring only to expenditure which is qualifying expenditure by virtue of those sections, and

(b) in applying paragraph 5 above, there shall be left out of account under head B, in the case of expenditure on machinery or plant, any output from the source before the machinery or plant was used in connection with the source and, in the case of expenditure on land, any output from the source before the trader acquired the land.

(2) In relation to expenditure to which section 53(1) of this Act applies—

(a) references in this Part of this Schedule to qualifying expendi-

ture shall be taken as referring only to expenditure which is qualifying expenditure by virtue of the said section 53, and

(b) in applying paragraph 5 above, there shall be left out of account under head B any output before the trader acquired the source.

Part HI

Assets Purchased from a Predecessor

7.—(1) Where, at or about the time when the trader began to work the source, he acquired from a predecessor in the working of the source assets representing qualifying expenditure, incurred by that or any other predecessor in the working of the source, the amount of the appointed day expenditure shall be whichever of the amounts respectively specified in the two next following paragraphs is the smaller.

(2) In this paragraph and the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, " predecessor in the working of the source " means a person who has, before the appointed day, carried on a trade which

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

117

consisted of or included the working of the source but has, before that day, ceased to work it

(3) In the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, the assets mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph are referred to as " the acquired assets ".

8. —(1) The first of the amounts mentioned in the last preceding paragraph is the amount which results from—

(a) ascertaining the total qualifying expenditure which was incurred either on the acquired assets by any predecessor in the working of the source for the purposes of his trade and in connection with that source or by the trader for the purposes of his trade and in connection with the source, and

(b) subtracting therefrom the sums specified in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, and

(c) applying to the result the fraction specified in sub-paragraph

(3) of this paragraph.

(2) The said sums are—

(a) where any of the acquired assets has, before the appointed

day, been sold by the trader, so much of the said expenditure incurred by any predecessor in the working of the source as is attributable to that asset,

(b) where any asset representing any part of the expenditure

incurred by the trader as aforesaid before the appointed day has, before the appointed day, been sold by him, the amount of that expenditure which is attributable to that asset, and

(c) where any of the acquired assets or any asset representing any

such expenditure as aforesaid of the trader consists of buildings or structures (not being buildings or structures sold by the trader before the appointed day) any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances made in respect of the buildings or structures for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day fell.

A

(3) The said fraction is where—

A+B

"A" is the total potential future output from the source, estimated as at the appointed day, and

" B " is the total output from the source before the appointed day.

9. —(1) The second of the said amounts is the amount which results from—

(a) adding the price paid by the trader for the acquired assets to all the qualifying expenditure which he incurred for the purposes of the trade and in connection with the source between the time when he acquired those assets and the appointed day, and

Sch. 6

118

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 6 (b) subtracting from the total the sums specified in sub-paragraph

(2) of this paragraph, and

(c) applying to the result the fraction specified in sub-paragraph

(3) of this paragraph.

(2) The said sums are—

(a) where any asset representing the expenditure mentioned in

sub-paragraph (1X4) above has. before the appointed day. been sold by the trader, the amount of that expenditure which is attributable to that asset, and

(b) where any of the acquired assets has. before the appointed day. been sold by the trader, the price paid by the trader for the asset, and

(c) where the assets representing that expenditure, not being

assets sold by the trader before the appointed day. consist of or include buildings or structures, any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances made to him in respect of the buildings or structures for any year of assessment before the year in which the appointed day fell.

A

(3) The said fraction is —---where—

A+B

" A * is the total potential future output from the source, estimated as at the appointed day. and

" B " is the total output from the source between the date of the acquisition of the acquired assets and the appointed day.

10. This Part of this Schedule shall not apply in relation to—

(a) expenditure which is qualifying expenditure by virtue of

section 52 or section 54 of this Act. or

(b) expenditure to which section 53(1) of this Act applies.

Sections 78, SCHEDULE 7

81(2), 95(3) and

Schedules 1. 2, OPERATION OF PARTS I AND II IN RELATION TO CERTAIN SALES 5 and 12.

General

1.—(1) This Schedule has effect in relation to the sales specified in section 78 of this Act. that is to say, sales of any property where either—

(a) the buyer is a body of persons over whom the seller has control, or the seller is a body of persons over whom the buyer has control, or both the seller and the buyer are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both of them, or

(b) it appears with respect to the sale, or with respect to transactions of which the sale is one, that the sole or main benefit which, apart from the provisions of this Schedule.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

1J9

might have been expected to accrue to the parties or any of them was the obtaining of an allowance or deduction under Part I or Part II of this Act

References in this sub-paragraph to a body of persons include references to a partnership.

(2) Subject to paragraph 4(3) below, this Schedule shall have effect in relation to a sale notwithstanding that it is not fully applicable by reason of the non-residence of a party to the sale or otherwise:

Provided that this sub-paragraph and the said paragraph 4(3) shall not apply in the case of a sale made before 6th April 1954 where the property was sold at a price other than that which it would have fetched if sold in the open market

2. Where the property is sold at a price other than that which it would have fetched if sold in the open market then, subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, the like consequences shall ensue for the purposes of the said Parts I and II, in their application to the tax of all persons concerned, as would have ensued if the property had been sold for the price which it would have fetched if sold in the open market.

Machinery or plant

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, where the sale is a sale of machinery or plant—

(a) no initial allowance shall be made to the buyer, and

(b) subject to the provisions of paragraph 4 of this Schedule, if the price which the property would have fetched if sold in the open market is greater than the limit of recharge on the seller, paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall have effect as if for each of the references to the price which the property would have fetched if sold in the open market there were substituted a reference to the said limit of recharge:

Provided that this sub-paragraph shall not apply in relation to a sale of machinery or plant which has never been used if the business or part of the business of the seller was the manufacture or supply of machinery or plant of that class and the sale was effected in the ordinary course of the seller’s business.

(2) Where, in the case of any sale of machinery or plant—

(a) the sale is one to which sub-paragraph (lXa) of paragraph

1 of this Schedule applies and sub-paragraph (lXb) of the said paragraph 1 does not apply, and

(b) an initial allowance fell to be made to the seller of the machinery or plant in respect of the capital expenditure which he incurred on the provision thereof, and

(c) a balancing charge is made on the seller by reason of the

sale, and

Sch. 7

120

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sgh. 7

1958 c. 56.

1959 c. 58.

1953 c. 34.

1952 c. 10. 1951 c. 43.

1949 c. 47.

(d) the price which the machinery or plant would have fetched if sold in the open market $t the time of the sale exceeds the appropriate fraction of the limit of recharge on the seller.

sub-paragraph (lXa) of this paragraph shall not apply, but the initial allowance to the buyer shall not exceed whichever of the three following amounts is the least, that is to say—

(i) the excess of the said price over the appropriate fraction of

the said limit of recharge.

(ii) the initial allowance which fell to be made to the seller as aforesaid, and

(iii) the amount on which a balancing charge is made on the seller as aforesaid.

(3) In sub-paragraph (2) above the appropriate fraction is—

(a) seven-tenths where the rate of the seller's initial allowance was three-tenths by virtue of section 18 of this Act or section 15 of the Finance Act 1958 (expenditure incurred on or after 15th April 1958).

(b) subject to the provisions of paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to

this Act. nine-tenths where the rate of the seller's initial allowance was one-tenth by virtue of paragraph 1 or paragraph 2 of the said Schedule 1 or section 21 of the Finance Act 1959 (expenditure incurred after 7th April 1959 on assets qualifying for investment allowance),

(c) four-fifths where the rate of the seller's initial allowance was

one-fifth by virtue of section 16 of the Finance Act 1953 (expenditure incurred on or after 15th April 1953),

(d) three-fifths where the rate of the seller's initial allowance was two-fifths by virtue of the proviso to section 279(5) of the Income Tax Act 1952 or the proviso to section 20(1) of the Finance Act 1951 (expenditure on ship under contract entered into at 10th April 1951) or section 20 of the Finance Act 1949 (expenditure incurred on or after 6th April 1949 and before 6th April 1952),

(e) four-fifths where the expenditure referred to in sub-paragraph (2X6) above was incurred before 6th April 1949.

(4) In this paragraph, " the limit of recharge " means, in relation to a person who sells machinery or plant—

(a) if he provided that machinery or plant for himself before the

appointed day, the actual cost to him of the machinery or plant, including in that actual cost any expenditure in the nature of capital expenditure on machinery or plant by way of renewal, improvement or reinstatement,

(b) if he provided the machinery or plant for himself on or after the appointed day. the expenditure incurred by him on the provision thereof.

In this sub-paragraph "the appointed day" means 6th April 1946.

Capital Allowances Act

Ch. 3

Sales without change of control

4.—(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, where the sale is one to which sub-paragraph (lX<z) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule applies and sub-paragraph (1X6) of that paragraph does not apply, and the parties to the sale by notice in writing to the inspector so elect, the following provisions shall have effect—

(a) paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall have effect as if for each of the references to the price which the property would have fetched if sold in the open market there were substituted a reference to that price or to the sum hereinafter mentioned, whichever is the lower, and

(b) paragraph 3(1X6) above shall not apply, and

(c) notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, such balancing charge, if any, shall be made on the buyer on any event occurring after the date of the sale as would have fallen to be made on the seller if the seller had continued to own the property and had done all such things and been allowed all such allowances or deductions in connection therewith as were done by or allowed to the buyer.

(2) The sum referred to in sub-paragraph (lXa) of this paragraph is—

(a) in the case of an industrial building or structure the residue of the expenditure on the construction of that building or structure immediately before the sale, computed in accordance with the provisions of section 4 of this Act,

(b) in the case of machinery or plant, the amount of the expenditure on the provision thereof still unallowed immediately before the sale, computed in accordance with the provisions of section 41 of this Act,

(c) in the case of assets representing qualifying expenditure as defined in section 51(1) of this Act, the residue of the expenditure attributable to those assets immediately before the sale, computed in accordance with the provisions of Chapter III of Part 1 of this Act

(3) An election may not be made under this paragraph if—

(a) any of the parties to the sale is not resident in the United

Kingdom at the time of sale, and

(b) the circumstances are not at that time such that an allowance or charge under Part I or Part II of this Act falls or might fall to be made to or on that party in consequence of the sale.

SCHEDULE 8 Assets Transferred under Nationalisation Schemes: Transitory Provisions

Part I

Assets Transferred under the Coal Industry Nationalisation Act 1946 General

1. In this Part of this Schedule—

" colliery concern " has the meaning assigned to it by section 63 of the Coal Industry Nationalisation Act 1946;

Sch. 7

Section 80.

1946 c. 59.

122

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 8 1946 c. 59.

1930 c. 34.

"relevant property" means property which, or an interest in which, vested in the National Coal Board by virtue of section 5 or section 6 of the Coal Industry Nationalisation Act 1946, or by virtue of section 44 of, and Schedule 3 to, that Act, being property which, or, as the case may be, an interest in which, was, immediately before the vesting, an asset of a colliery concern, a subsidiary of a colliery concern, a body administering a scheme under Part I of the Coal Mines Act 1930 or the South Yorkshire Mines Drainage Committee: and " relevant building or structure " and "relevant machinery or plant" shall be construed accordingly;

" subsidiary " has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph 25 of Schedule 1 to the Coal Industry Nationalisation Act 1946;

"the transferor" means, in relation to any relevant property, the person who immediately before the vesting date owned the property or, as the case may be, the interest in the property which vested;

" vest " means vest in the National Coal Board under the said section 5, the said section 6, or the said section 44 and the said Schedule 3;

" the vesting date " means, in relation to any relevant property, the date of the vesting of that property or of any interest therein, as the case may be.

2. Where any relevant property has vested in the National Coal Board, this Part of this Schedule shall have effect in computing the liability to tax of the said Board.

3. In relation to any relevant property, the vesting date or the date on which the property was first used for the purposes of the trade of the National Coal Board, whichever is the earlier, shall be treated as substituted for 6th April 1946 in the definitions of "appointed day" in Part I of this Act, and references in this Part of this Schedule to the appointed day shall be construed accordingly.

4. The vesting of, or of an interest in, any relevant property shall not be treated as a sale, or as a purchase, for any of the purposes of Chapters I, II and in of Part I of this Act, or for any of the purposes of Part II of this Act

Industrial buildings and structures, etc.

5. For the purposes of section 3(6) of this Act any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances made to the transferor in respect of any relevant building or structure shall be treated as having been made to the National Coal Board.

6. Any relevant mills, factories and exceptional depreciation allowances made in respect of any relevant building or structure to the transferor for the year of assessment in which the appointed day fell shall be treated for the purposes of section 4(7) of this Act as if they had been made for a year of assessment before that in which the appointed day fell.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

123

Machinery and plant

7.—(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect for the purpose of determining whether any, and if so what, deduction, allowance or charge is to be allowed or made under Chapter II of Part I of this Act in respect of any relevant machinery or plant

(2) Any expenditure incurred by the transferor on the provision of the machinery or plant for the purposes of his trade shall be treated as if it had been incurred by the National Coal Board on the provision thereof for the purposes of their corresponding trade.

(3) Any allowances or deductions made or allowed in respect of, or of any expenditure on, the machinery or plant to the transferor shall be treated as if they had been made or allowed to the said Board, and, for the purposes of section 27(1) of this Act, any such allowances or deductions made or allowed for the year of assessment in which the appointed day fell shall be treated as if they had been made or allowed for a year of assessment previous to that year.

(4) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as allowing any allowance made to the transferor to which full effect could not be given owing to an insufficiency of profits or gains of the transferor to be added to or form part of any allowance made to the said Board.

(5) The references in this paragraph to expenditure incurred by the transferor on the provision of the machinery or plant for the purposes of his trade include references to any such expenditure incidental to the provision thereof as is mentioned in section 45 of this Act

Allowances and charges under Chapter 111 oj Part I of this Act

8. Where the appointed day was after the end of the year 1946-47, section 57(6Xc) of this Act shall not apply.

9. In the application of Schedule 6 to this Act to expenditure on or in connection with any relevant property—

(a) references in Parts II and III of that Schedule to the trader

shall be construed as references to the transferor, and

(b) references in Part III of that Schedule to any predecessor

in the working of the source shall be construed as not including references to the transferor, and

(c) references in Parts II and HI of that Schedule to any relevant

mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day fell shall be deemed to include references to any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances for the year of assessment in which the appointed day fell

Part II

Assets Transferred under the Transport Act 1962

10.—-(1) The provisions of this Act, other than section 67, shall apply in relation to the Boards constituted under section 1 of the

Sch. 8

124

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sea. 8 1962 c. 46.

Section 85(1).

Transport Act 1962 (hereinafter called " the Transport Boards ’*) as if—

(a) all the assets which under and in pursuance of Part Q of

the said Act of 1962 were transferred to the Transport Boards had been sold to them by the British Transport Commission on 1st January 1963 in the open market at prices equal to the net book values of those assets (that is to say. the values after deducting any provision for maintenance equalisation and for any form of depreciation) as shown in the books by reference to which the final accounts of the said Commission were made up. and

(b) on 1st January 1963 the trade carried on by the Commission had been permanently discontinued and the Transport Boards had set up new trades.

(2) If at any time the Minister of Transport directs under section 40(4) of the said Act of 1962. and by reference to paragraph (a) of that subsection, that a part of the British Railways Board’s suspended debt shall be extinguished, this paragraph shall apply, and shall be deemed always to have applied, as if the net values of the assets which under or in pursuance of Part II of that Act were transferred to the British Railways Board were the amount determined under sub-paragraph (1) above after deducting from that amount a sum equal to the part of the said Board’s suspended debt so extinguished.

There shall be made all such adjustments, whether by way of assessment or otherwise, as may be necessary to give effect to this sub-paragraph and, notwithstanding anything in the Corporation Tax Acts or the Income Tax Acts, any adjustment to give effect to this sub-paragraph as respects any chargeable period may be made at any time not more than six years after the end of the chargeable period in which the Minister gives his direction under the said section 40(4).

(3) Section 67 of this Act shall apply as if the trade carried on by the British Transport Commission was not permanently discontinued at 1st January 1963 and was continued in part by the British Railways Board, in part by the British Transport Docks Board and in part by the British Waterways Board.

SCHEDULE 9

Allowances for Contributions towards Expenditure

1. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the amount of the allowances and the manner in which they are to be made shall be determined on the following basis—

(a) the asset shall be deemed to continue at all material times to be in use for the purposes of the trade.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

125

(b) where the asset is machinery or plant and, when the contribution was made, the trade was carried on or to be carried on by a tenant of land in which the contributor has an interest, the contributor shall be deemed to have let the machinery or plant to the said tenant on such terms that the burden of the wear and tear thereof falls directly on the contributor.

2. Where, when the contribution was made, the trade for the purposes of which it was made was carried on or to be carried on by the contributor, the following provisions shall have effect on any transfer of the trade or any part of the trade—

(a) where the transfer is of the whole trade, writing-down

allowances for chargeable periods ending after the date of transfer shall be made to the transferee, and shall not be made to the transferor,

(b) where the transfer is of part only of the trade, the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph shall have effect with respect to so much of the allowance as is properly referable to the part of the trade transferred.

3. —(1) Where, when the contribution was made, the trade was carried on or to be carried on by a tenant of land in which the contributor had an interest, a writing-down allowance shall be made to a person for a chargeable period if at the end of that period he is entitled to the contributor's interest in the land, and section 11 of this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, apply in relation to a contribution made for the purposes of a trade carried on or to be carried on by a tenant of land as it applies in relation to expenditure incurred on the construction of a building or structure.

(2) Section 2(3) of this Act shall not apply in relation to writing-down allowances to be made in respect of contributions.

4. Paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Schedule shall not apply where the trade is husbandry in the United Kingdom or the occupation of woodlands in the United Kingdom, and m lieu thereof the provisions of section 68(4X5) of this Act shall apply with any necessary modifications.

SCHEDULE 10

Scientific Rbsbarch: Transitory Provisions Income Tax

Deductions allowable in respect of expenditure incurred before 6th November 1962

1.—(1) This and the next following paragraph shall have effect for the purposes of income tax.

(2) Subject to that paragraph and to paragraph 4 below, where a person—

(a) before 6th November 1962, has while carrying on a trade incurred expenditure of a capital nature on scientific research related to that trade and directly undertaken by him or on his behalf, or

Sch. 9

Sections 91 and 92.

126

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 10

1952 c. 10.

(b) has, before that date, incurred expenditure of a capital nature on scientific research directly undertaken by him or on his behalf and, after incurring it, sets up and commences a trade connected with that research, deductions in taxing the trade shall be allowed in respect of the expenditure in accordance with the following sub-paragraphs.

(3) The deductions shall be—

(a) in the case of expenditure incurred after 5th April 1949,

a deduction equal to three-fifths thereof for the first of the five years of assessment specified in sub-paragraph (4) below, and a deduction equal to one-tenth thereof for each of the remaining four of those years,

(b) in the case of expenditure incurred on or before that date, a deduction equal to one-fifth thereof for each of the said five years.

(4) The five years of assessment are—

(a) in the case of expenditure incurred before the end of the

year of assessment in which the trade was set up and commenced, that and the next four years of assessment,

(b) in the case of expenditure incurred after the end of the year of assessment in which the trade was §et up and commenced but not later than twelve months from the setting up and commencement of the trade, the year of assessment next following that in which the trade was set up and commenced and the next four years of assessment,

(c) in the case of expenditure incurred after twelve months

from the setting up and commencement of the trade and during the basis year for any year of assessment, but subject to sub-paragraph (5) below, that and the next four years of assessment.

(5) In paragraph (c) of the last preceding sub-paragraph "basis year" means, in relation to a year of assessment, the period the profits or gains of which are, under section 127 of the Income Tax Act 1952, to be taken to be the profits or gains of the year preceding that year of assessment; and section 91(4) of this Act shall apply for the purposes of that paragraph as it applies for the purposes of subsection (3Xc) of that section.

Termination of user of assets provided before 6th November 1962

2.—(1) Where an asset representing scientific research expenditure of a capital nature incurred before 6th November 1962 by the person carrying on a trade ceases to be used by that person for scientific research related to that trade—

(a) no allowance shall be made under paragraph 1 above for any year of assessment after that in which the cessation takes place, and

(b) if the amounts, if any, allowed under that paragraph in respect of the expenditure, added to the value of the asset immediately before the cessation, are less than the said expenditure, there shall be allowed in taxing the trade for

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

127

the year of assessment in which the cessation takes place an additional deduction equal to the difference.

(2) Where an asset representing scientific research expenditure of a capital nature in respect of which an allowance or allowances has or have been made under paragraph 1 above, or sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, in taxing a trade ceases to be used by the person carrying on the trade for scientific research related to that trade, and is then or thereafter sold by him without having been used in the meantime for other purposes, then—

(a) if an additional allowance, or a greater additional allowance.

would have been made under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph for the year of assessment in which the cessation occurred if the proceeds of sale of the asset had been taken to be the value of the asset, an amount equal to the additional allowance which would have been made or, as the case may be, to the difference between the additional allowance which would have been made and the additional allowance which was made for that year shall be allowed in taxing the trade for the year of assessment in which the sale occurs or, if the sale occurs on or after the date on which the trade is permanently discontinued, for the last year of assessment in which the trade is carried on before the discontinuance,

(b) in any other case, if the proceeds of sale plus the total

amount of the allowances made under paragraph 1 above and sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in respect of the expenditure exceed the amount of the expenditure, the excess or the amount of the allowances so made, whichever is the less, shall be treated as a trading receipt of the trade accruing at the time of the sale, or, if the sale occurs on or after the date on which the trade is permanently discontinued, accruing immediately before the discontinuance.

(3) Where an asset is destroyed, it shall for the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) above be treated as if it had been sold immediately before its destruction, and any insurance moneys or other compensation of any description received by the person carrying on the trade in respect of the destruction, and any moneys received by him for the remains of the asset, shall be treated as if they were proceeds of that sale.

(4) Where sub-paragraph (3) above has effect on the demolition of an asset, the cost of the demolition to the person carrying on the trade shall, for the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) above as applied by the said sub-paragraph (3), be added to the scientific research expenditure represented by the asset

Application of paragraphs 1 and 2 to corporation tax

3.—(1) Paragraphs 1 and 2 above shall apply for the purposes of corporation tax subject to the provisions of this paragraph.

(2) Subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, for any reference in those paragraphs to the basis year for a year of assessment, or to a year

Sch. 10

128

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 10

1937 c. 54. 1941 c. 30.

1932 c. 25.

1938 c. 46.

of assessment, there shall be substituted a reference to an accounting period.

(3) If, in the case of expenditure incurred by a company, the five years of assessment specified in paragraph 1(4) above have not expired at or before the end of the year 1965-66, allowances under the said paragraph 1 shall be made for successive accounting periods without restriction of number, but so that—

(a) the allowance for an accounting period of less than a year shall be proportionately reduced, and

(b) the aggregate of the allowances in respect of any expenditure (whether for years of assessment or for accounting periods) shall not exceed the amount of the expenditure.

Limitation of paragraphs 1 and 2 to expenditure, and assets

representing expenditure, incurred, or treated as incurred, after 6th April 1946

4.—(1) Subject to the following sub-paragraph, paragraphs 1 and 2 above shall not apply to expenditure, or assets representing expenditure, incurred on or before 6th April 1946.

(2) Where, on or after 1st January 1937 and on or before 6th April 1946, a person has incurred expenditure of a capital nature on scientific research, he shall, except in the case of expenditure represented by an asset which ceased, on or before the latter day, to be used by him for scientific research related to the trade carried on by him, be treated for the purposes of the said paragraphs 1 and 2 as having incurred that expenditure immediately after that day:

Provided that, where that expenditure is represented by an asset it shall be treated as reduced by the aggregate amount of all allowances or deductions made to him in respect of the asset for any year of assessment before the year 1946-47, being either—

(a) allowances under section 15 of the Finance Act 1937 (mills, factories allowance), or

(b) allowances under section 19 of the Finance Act 1941 (exceptional depreciation allowance), or

(c) writing-down allowances within the meaning of Chapter II

of Part I of this Act, or

(d) additional deductions under section 18 of the Finance Act

1932, or under that section as amended by section 22 of the Finance Act 1938 (additional deductions for wear and tear).

(3) Any reference in this paragraph to an allowance or deduction made includes a reference to an allowance or deduction which would have been made but for an insufficiency of profits or gains against which to make it.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

129

SCHEDULE 11

Repeals

Chapter

Short title

Extent of repeal

15 A 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

The Income Tax Act 1952.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 34.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 54.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 49.

The Finance Act 1952.

The Finance Act 1953. The Finance Act 1954.

The Finance Act 1956. The Finance Act 1957.

In Part X, Chapters I, II and III, section 314, the definitions of " forestry land " and " forestry income " in section 315 and Chapter VI.

Part XI.

Section 482.

Section 484(2).

Section 527(4)(a).

In section 531(2) proviso the words " three hundred and twenty-three, three hundred and thirty-nine " and the words " and under subsection (3) of section four hundred and eighty-two of this Act ".

Section 531(3).

Schedules 12, 14 and 15.

In Schedule 22, in Part m, in paragraph 3 the words " I, II, III, and" and the words "or for any of the purposes of Part XI of this Act ", paragraphs 4 to 10 and paragraphs 14 and 15.

Sections 19, 20, 21 and 22.

In section 24 the words from " under Chapter H " to " plant and".

Section 25.

Schedule 5.

In Schedule 6, Part I, paragraph 18(1) and paragraph 18(2) from the beginning to " Part X and ".

Sections 16, 17 and 18.

In section 16, subsections (2)(a), (3 )(n), (4X6), (6X6), (9), (9A),and in subsection (8) the words from " and to amend " to the end of the subsection.

Section 20(8).

Sections 21 and 23.

In Schedule 2 paragraphs 1(4) and 2, and in paragraph 4(1) the words " or the substitution therefor of an initial allowance " and paragraphs 6 and 7.

Sections 16 and 17.

Sections 16 and 17.

Schedules 3 and 4.

E

Section 96(3).

130

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 56. The Finance Act 1958. Section 15. In Schedule 6, in Table II in Part I the figures " 324(1) ".

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 58. The Finance Act 1959. In section 21 subsection (2) and in subsection (4), paragraph (b) and the words from * except that'* to the end of the subsection. In Schedule 4 paragraphs 1 to 4, 5(d), 6, 7 and 8. In Schedule 5 paragraph 3(3).

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Finance Act 1960. Section 30.

c. 44.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. The Finance Act 1961. Sections 23 to 27.

c. 36.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 46. The Transport Act 1962. Section 42.

1963 c. 25. The Finance Act 1963. Sections 34 and 35. Section 36 except for the words in subsection (1) repealed, with savings, by the Finance Act 1966. Section 37. Sections 40 and 41. Section 42 except for the purposes of sections 33, 38 and 39 (so far as not repealed by the Finance Act 1966). In Schedule 12 paragraph 10 and in paragraph 12 the words " and forestry income *.

1964 c. 37. The Income Tax Management Act 1964. In Schedule 2 the entry relating to section 324 of the Income Tax Act 1952. In Schedule 4, in Part in of the Table the entries relating to sections 299, 307 and 308 of the Income Tax Act 1952, and to Schedule 5 to the Finance Act 1952; and the amendment of section 323(1) of the Income Tax Act 1952.

1965 c. 4. The Science and Technology Act 1965. In Schedule 2 the amendments of sections 335 and 340(4) of the Income Tax Act 1952.

1965 c. 25. The Finance Act 1965. i l ! 1 1 Sections 13 and 14. Section 45(2). Section 56. Section 63(2) (3). In Schedule 14— paragraph 1(5), paragraphs 3 and 5, paragraph 6 except for sub-paragraph (6), paragraphs 7 to 14, in paragraph 15(4) the words from " for the words ‘ on * to " 1965 ’ and ",

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

131

Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

1966 c. 18. The Finance Act 1966. paragraphs 16 to 19, paragraphs 22 to 24, paragraph 25 (cX<0, in paragraph 26 the words from " (and in particular " to the end of the paragraph, paragraph 27(2), In Schedule 15, paragraph 6 as respects section 482 of the Income Tax Act 1952. In Schedule 16, paragraph 8. In section 35, in subsection (1) the

1967 c. 54. The Finance Act 1967. words from " and section 21(2) " to " reduced) " and subsections (3), (4) and (5) except for subsection (5) as applied by section 36(4). Section 37. In Schedule 6 paragraph 11(3) the words " section 56(6) and ". Section 21.

SCHEDULE 12 Section 98(2).

Consequential Amendments General

1.—(1) This Schedule is without prejudice to the provisions of section 98(1) of this Act and the following provisions of this paragraph apply, unless the context otherwise requires, as respects references in any enactment passed before, or in the same Session as, this Act

(2) Any reference to Part X of the Income Tax Act 1952 shall 1952 c. 10. include a reference to Part I of this Act, and any reference

to Chapter I, Chapter II or Chapter III of the said Part X shall include a reference to the whole of Chapter I, Chapter II or Chapter III of Part I of this Act as the case may be.

(3) Any reference to Part XI of the Income Tax Act 1952 shall include a reference to Part II of this Act

(4) Any reference to allowances and charges within section 56

of the Finance Act 1965 shall be taken as a reference to allowances 1965 c. 25. and charges under this Act (including the enactments which under this Schedule are to be treated as if contained in Part I of this Act).

Maintenance relief for agricultural land

2. Sections 71 and 74 of this Act shall apply as if section 313 of the Income Tax Act 1952 were contained in Part I of this Act

132

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 12 1952 c. 10.

1960 c. 44.

Patents

3.—(1) The Income Tax Acts and the Corporation Tax Acts shall have effect as if Chapter V of Part X of the Income Tax Act 1952 and Schedule 13 to that Act were contained in Part I of this Act

(2) In Chapter VI of Part I of this Act as applied by sub-paragraph (1) above—

(a) sections 71(1) and 74(1) of this Act shall have effect as if the word "primarily " were omitted, the said section 71 shall have effect as if the proviso to subsection (1) and subsection (2) were omitted and the said section 74 shall have effect as if subsections (3), (4) and (5) were omitted,

(b) section 75 of this Act shall apply to section 316 of the Income Tax Act 1952 (writing-down allowances for purchase of patent rights) as it applies to sections 61, 67 and 68 of this Act,

(c) the reference in section 82(1) of this Act to a deduction

which falls or may fall to be made under Chapter I of Part VII of the Income Tax Act 1952 does not include a deduction to be so made by virtue of the provisions of the said Chapter V relating to charges on capital sums received for patent rights.

(d) the sum referred to in paragraph 4(1X<?) of Schedule 7 to this Act is, in the case of patent rights, the amount of any capital expenditure on the acquisition thereof remaining unallowed computed in accordance with the provisions of section 317 of the Income Tax Act 1952.

(3) For the purposes of corporation tax, where a balancing charge falls to be made on a company under section 317 of the Income Tax Act 1952 (lapse of patent rights, sales, etc.) section 321(2) of that Act shall have effect as if it required the amount on which the charge is to be made to be treated as income from patents (instead of being charged under Case VI of Schedule D).

(4) In the said Chapter V " the appointed day " means 6th April 1946.

Business or estate management expenditure

4.—(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 98(2) of this Act, Part I of this Act has effect subject to section 72 of the Finance Act 1960, and accordingly section 46 of this Act does not apply to allowances or charges falling to be made by virtue of the said section 72.

(2) In relation to allowances falling to be made by virtue of section 72(2Xu) of the Finance Act 1960 (business management expenditure) section 74(1) of this Act (but not the remainder of that section) shall have effect as if any such allowances were to be made by way of discharge or repayment of tax and to be available against income of the business referred to in the said section 72(2X<z), and as if the word 44 primarily " were omitted.

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Ch. 3

133

(3) Effect shall be given to any charge falling to be made by virtue Sch. 12 of the said section 72(2X«) by treating the amount on which the

charge is to be made as income of the business referred to in the said section 72(2X«).

(4) In section 72(8) of the Finance Act 1960 (exclusion of double i960 c. 44. allowances) for the words " on a management expenses claim " where

first occurring there shall be substituted "under paragraph 4 of Schedule 12 to the Capital Allowances Act 1968" (instead of the amendment made by paragraph 15(4) of Schedule 14 to the Finance 1965 c. 25. Act 1965).

Transitory: investment allowances

5.—(1) This paragraph has effect as respects section 16 of the Finance Act 1954 and the other enactments relating to investment 1954 c* allowances which were repealed by Part IV of Schedule 13 to the Finance Act 1966 so far as they remain in force by virtue of the 1966 c. 18. savings at the end of the said Part IV.

(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of the enactments mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) above which apply to investment allowances die provisions of the Income Tax Acts and the Corporation Tax Acts applicable to initial allowances and allowances under section 336

of the Income Tax Act 1952 (which is re-enacted in section 91 of 1952 c-10-this Act), the following references in this Act (whether explicit or implicit) to such allowances shall not apply to investment allowances, that is—

(a) the references to initial allowances in sections 1(2), 3(6), 4(2),

18(2), 20 to 41, 56(2), 57(6) and 75(2) and Schedules 1 and 7;

(b) die reference to an initial allowance in section 67(1) in so far as it relates to the rate of allowance, and the reference to allowances in section 67(2);

(c) the references to scientific research allowances in Chapters I and II of Part I;

(d) the references in section 92 to allowances under section 91,

and the references in paragraph 2 of Schedule 10 to allowances under paragraph 1 of that Schedule.

(3) Section 83 of this Act shall apply to investment allowances as it applies to initial allowances under sections 1, 18 and 56 of this Act

(4) In a case of expenditure incurred before 8th April 1959 (that is to say a case where the rate of any initial allowance under this Act is by virtue of paragraph 5 of Schedule 1 to this Act to be determined as if this Act had not passed) the enactments mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) above, and their references to provisions repealed by this Act, shall be construed as if this Act had not passed.

134

Ch. 3

Capital Allowances Act 1968

Sch. 12 (5) Subject to sub-paragraph (4) above, in the enactments men-

tioned in sub-paragraph (1) above for references to any of the enactments repealed by this Act there shall be substituted references to provisions of this Act in accordance with the Table below.

Enactment repealed

1952 c. 10. Income Tax Act 1952 Section 314 336

Schedule 14

1956 c. 54. Finance Act 1956 Section 17

Table

Corresponding provision of this Act

Section 68

91 and paragraph 1 of Schedule 10.

Schedule 7

Section 67

1963 c. 25. 1966 c. 18.

Transitory: free depreciation in development districts

6. In sections 38 and 39 of the Finance Act 1963 (free depreciation in development districts), which were repealed by Part V of Schedule 13 to the Finance Act 1966, so far as in force by virtue of the savings at the end of the said Part V, for references to any of the enactments repealed by this Act there shall be substituted references to provisions of this Act in accordance with the Table below.

Enactment repealed

Income Tax Act 1952 Section 271(3)

271(5)

281

282

284

285 299 307 307(3)

309(2)

Table

Corresponding provision of this Act

Section 7(3) 7(5)

20

21

23

24 43 57

57(4)

59

Finance Act 1963 Section 35

Sections 20 and 21

Ch. 4

135

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 4

An Act to empower the Secretary of State to levy tolls in respect of the use of a new road which crosses the River Clyde at Erskine and of certain roads provided in connection therewith; to enable the Secretary of State to provide parking places in connection with those roads ana, in relation to those roads, to impose prohibitions, restrictions and other requirements for the purpose of preventing obstruction and for the protection of property and otherwise; and for connected purposes.

[15th February 1968]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the tolls hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Tolls

1.—(1) The Secretary of State shall have power, subject to and in accordance with the following provisions of this Act, to levy tolls in respect of vehicles using the specified roads.

(2) In the following provisions of this Act " toll " means a toll leviable under this Act.

F. 4

Power to levy tolls for use of specified roads.

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

136

.I. 1966 No. 1486.

.L 1967 No. 1591.

.I. 1967 No. 1590.

.I. 1967 No. 1589.

Orders relating to tolls.

Ch. 4

(3) In this Act44 the specified roads " means—

(a) the roads (including the bridge) whose provision is

authorised by the Erskine Bridge Trunk Roads Order 1966;

(b) the lengths of trunk roads authorised by the Erskine

Bridge Trunk Roads (No. 2) Order 1967 which continue in a southerly direction from the roads mentioned in the foregoing paragraph and in an easterly and westerly direction until the points where they join respectively with the roads whose provision is authorised by the Erskine Bridge (Connecting Roads) Special Roads Scheme 1967; and

(c) the length of special road, whose provision is authorised

by the Erskine Bridge Special Road Scheme 1967, from its most northerly point to the point where it joins with the roads last mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph; and any reference to the specified roads includes a reference to any part thereof.

(4) In this section any reference to an order or scheme includes a reference thereto as varied or amended by any subsequent order or scheme whether made before or after the passing of this Act.

2.—(1) The Secretary of State may by order make provision as to the classes of vehicles using the specified roads in respect of which the tolls are to be levied, and as to the scales and other provisions in accordance with which they are to be levied.

(2) Any such scales or other provisions may provide for tolls to be levied at different rates by reference to such circumstances or combination of circumstances (whether relating to classes of vehicles, seasons of the year, days of the week, times of day or otherwise) as the Secretary of State may consider appropriate.

(3) Provision may be made by any such order for enabling persons to compound in advance for the payment of tolls, at such rates as may be specified in the order; and any such provision may include provision for the issue of season tickets or prepaid vouchers to persons so compounding.

(4) An order under this section may provide that vehicles of any description specified in that behalf in the order (notwithstanding that they are vehicles of a class specified in the order in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section) shall be exempted from the payment of tolls.

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

Ch. 4

137

3.—(1) Where the Secretary of State proposes to make an Procedure for order under section 2 of this Act, he shall prepare a draft of the order and shall publish in at least one local newspaperunderscct10112* circulating in the locality in which the northern end of the specified roads is situated, and in at least one local newspaper circulating in the locality in which the southern end of the specified roads is situated, and in the Edinburgh Gazette, a notice—

(a) stating the general effect of the proposed order;

(b) naming a place or places in each of those localities

where, at all reasonable hours during the period of six weeks from the date of first publication of the notice, a copy of the draft order may be inspected by any person free of charge; and

(c) stating that, within the period beginning with the date

of first publication of the notice and ending six weeks after the latest date of publication of the notice, any person may by notice in writing to the Secretary of State object to the making of the order.

(2) Not later than the date of first publication of that notice, the Secretary of State shall serve a copy of the notice and of the draft order on each of the county councils.

(3) If, within six weeks from the latest date of publication of the notice, any objection to the proposed order is received by the Secretary of State and the objection is not withdrawn, then—

(a) if the objection is from either of the county councils, from any other local authority in Scotland or from any such organisation or other body as is mentioned in Schedule 1 to this Act, the Secretary of State shall cause a local inquiry to be held;

(b) in the case of any objection not falling within the foregoing paragraph, the Secretary of State may cause a local inquiry to be held if he thinks fit.

(4) After considering any objections to the proposed order which are not withdrawn, and, where a local inquiry is held, the report of the person who held the inquiry, the Secretary of State may make the order either without modification or subject to such modifications as he thinks fit

(5) As soon as may be after an order under section 2 of this Act has been made, the Secretary of State shall—

(a) publish, in the manner specified in subsection (1) of this section, a notice stating that the order has been made and naming a place or places in each of the

138

Ch. 4

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

1947 c. 43.

Genera] limitations on power to levy tolls.

localities so specified where a copy of the order may be inspected by any person free of charge at all reasonable hours, and

(b) serve a copy of the order on each of the county councils.

(6) The provisions of subsections (2) to (9) of section 355 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 (which relate to local inquiries) shall have effect with respect to any inquiry held in pursuance of this section.

(7) In this section " the county councils " means the councils of the counties of Dunbarton and Renfrew respectively; " local authority" means any county, town or district council in Scotland; any reference to the date of first publication of a notice is a reference to the date on which it is first published, in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, in a newspaper other than the Edinburgh Gazette; and any reference to the latest date of publication of a notice is a reference to the date, or (if more than one) the latest date, on which it is published by the Secretary of State in accordance with that subsection.

4.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the power to levy tolls shall cease to be exercisable at the end of the period of twenty years beginning with the date on which the specified roads become open for use by traffic.

(2) In the exercise of his powers under section 2 of this Act the Secretary of State, so far as practicable, having regard to the utility of specifying scales of tolls in convenient units of currency, shall not specify scales of tolls exceeding those which in his opinion would be requisite to secure that, taking one year with another, the revenue produced by the tolls during the toll period, if applied for the purposes mentioned in Schedule 2 to this Act, would be sufficient, but not more than sufficient, for those purposes.

(3) If at any time during the period specified in subsection

(1) of this section (or during that period as extended by a previous order under this section) it appears to the Secretary of State that the aggregate revenue produced by the tolls is likely to fall short of what would be required for the purposes mentioned in that Schedule, the Secretary of State may by order direct that the period shall be extended, or (as the case may be) further extended, by five years.

(4) An order under this section shall be of no effect unless it is approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

Ch. 4

139

(5) In Schedule 2 to this Act any reference to interest is a reference to interest at such rate as may be determined to be appropriate in accordance with any directions given in that behalf by the Treasury; and different rates may be so determined in relation to all or any of the following matters, that is to say, different times, different paragraphs of that Schedule, and different expenses referred to in any of those paragraphs.

(6) In this section and in Schedule 2 to this Act " the toll period" means the period specified in subsection (1) of this section, or, if one or more orders under this section have come into operation, means that period as extended by that order or those orders, as the case may be; and in section 9 of and Schedule 2 to this Act " the relevant works " means—

(a) the specified roads and any space for accommodating

vehicles or parking place provided in connection with those roads, and

(b) any structure, building, works or apparatus on, under or

over those roads, spaces or places or used in connection with the regulation of traffic on those roads or in connection with the levying of tolls or with the maintenance of those roads.

5.—(1) Provision may be made by regulations made by the Regulations Secretary of State under this section— for securing

(a) for the designation of one or more places on or near £f tSSf

the specified roads at which tolls (other than tolls previously compounded for) are to be paid;

(b) as to the persons by whom such tolls are to be paid,

and the manner in which they are to be paid, whkher by paying them to a person authorised to receive them or by placing coins in apparatus provided for the purpose or otherwise;

(c) for securing that vehicles in Tespect of which tolls are

leviable do not use the specified roads without payment of the tolls.

(2) In relation to vehicles using the specified roads and approaching a place designated in accordance with paragraph

(a) of the preceding subsection, regulations made in pursuance of paragraph (c) of that subsection may include provisions for prohibiting or otherwise preventing any such vehicle from further proceeding along the specified roads until any toll leviable in respect of the vehicle has been paid.

(3) Any such regulations may provide that, if tickets or receipts are issued to persons paying tolls, the person in charge of a vehicle in respect of which any such ticket or receipt has been issued shall, at any time when the vehicle is using the

E* 2

140

Gh.4

Erskirte Bridge Tolls Act 1968

Temporary suspension or reduction of tolls.

specified roads, produce the ticket or receipt, on being required to do so, for inspection by any person designated by or under the regulations.

(4) Regulations under this section may include such provisions as the Secretary of State may consider appropriate for adapting or modifying die general provisions of the regulations in relation to vehicles in respect of which tolls have been compounded for, including provisions as to the production and surrender of season tickets or prepaid vouchers.

(5) Any regulations made under this section shall provide for a notice, specifying the classes of vehicles in respect of which tolls are leviable, and the scales and other provisions for the time being in force in accordance with which they are leviable, to be displayed at each place designated in accordance with subsection (l)(a) of this section.

f.—(1) At any time while an order under section 2 of this Act (in this section referred to as " the principal order ’*) is in force, the Secretary of State, subject to the following provisions of this section, may make an order providing that, during such period, not exceeding eighteen months, as may be specified in the order under this section, the tolls leviable in accordance with the principal order shall be suspended, or shall be reduced to such extent as may be specified in the order under this section.

(2) An order under this section may provide for suspension or reduction of tolls either generally or by reference to any circumstances, or combination of circumstances, as mentioned in section 2(2) of this Act; and, in so far as the suspension or reduction is in respect of a particular class of vehicles, that class may be a class corresponding with one of those specified in the principal order or not, as the Secretary of State may consider appropriate.

(3) Not less than fourteen days before making an order under this section, the Secretary of State shall give public notice of his intention to do so.

(4) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, at any time when, by reason of any accident or other emergency, it appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary to do so, he may direct that the tolls shall cease to be leviable—

(a) either during a period specified in the direction or until the direction is revoked by a further direction given by the Secretary of State, and

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

Ch. 4

141

(b) either in respect of all vehicles using the specified roads or in respect only of vehicles using them for travelling from north to south, or from south to north, as may be specified in the direction.

(5) Nothing in this section shall affect any power to vary or revoke an order under section 2 of this Act.

Prevention of obstruction and damage

7.—(1) For the purpose of preventing obstruction of the Removal of specified roads, the Secretary of State may make regulations stationary under this section— vehicles.

(a) prohibiting vehicles from stopping or remaining at rest

on those roads except in such circumstances as may be specified in the regulations, and

(b) making such provision as is mentioned in the following

provisions of this section with respect to vehicles which, either in contravention of the regulations or in such circumstances to which subsection (2) of this section applies as may be specified in the regulations, are for the time being at rest on those roads.

(2) The circumstances to which this subsection applies, in relation to any vehicle, are any circumstances in which—

(a) it is necessary for the vehicle to remain at rest by

reason of breakdown, or

(b) no person is for the time being in charge of the vehicle

or the person in charge of it is not present in or on die vehicle.

(3) Regulations made under this section may require the person (if any) in charge of any vehicle which is at rest on the specified roads in circumstances falling within paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection to take such steps as may be specified in the regulations for reporting that fact and the position and circumstances in which the vehicle is at rest

(4) Regulations made under this section may prohibit any person, other than a person authorised as mentioned in subsection (5)(<z) of this section,—

(a) from carrying out or attempting to carry out. any repair or adjustment of any such vehicle as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection except with permission expressly given by a person so authorised, and

E* 3

Ch. 4

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

(b) from moving, or attempting to move, any such vehicle from the position in which it is at rest;

and the regulations may prohibit persons so authorised from carrying out, or attempting to can*y out, any repair or adjustment of any such vehicle except in such circumstances as may be specified in the regulations.

(5) Regulations under this section—

(a) may include provision for empowering any person

authorised in that behalf by or under die regulations to remove any such vehicle as is mentioned in subsection (l)(b) of this section from its position on the specified roads either—

(i) to another position on those roads, or

(ii) to any space provided by the Secretary of State in the vicinity of those roads for accommodating such vehicles, or

(iii) with the consent of the person in charge of the vehicle, to the premises of any person operating such a service as is mentioned in section 10 of this Act;

(b) in the case of any such vehicle which is so removed,

or which at the request of the person in charge of it is repaired or adjusted (instead of being removed) by a person so authorised, may include provision for requiring such person as may be prescribed by the regulations to pay, to the person effecting the removal, repair or adjustment, a charge of an amount to be determined in accordance with such scales and other provisions as may be contained in the regulations; and

(c) may prohibit any person from obstructing any action

taken by a person authorised as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection for the purpose of removing any such vehicle from, or to another position on, the specified roads.

(6) Different provision may be made under this section in relation to different classes of vehicles and in relation to different circumstances.

(7) Regulations under this section shall be without prejudice to the exercise by police or traffic wardens of any functions in connection with the control and regulation of road traffic or with the enforcement of the law relating to road traffic.

(8) In this section " breakdown ", in relation to a vehicle, includes mechanical defect, lack of fuel, oil or water required for the vehicle, and any other circumstances in which a person

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

Ch. 4

143

in charge of the vehicle could not immediately, safely, and without damage to the vehicle or its accessories, dnve it under its own power along the specified roads to a point beyond those roads.

8. —(1) In relation to the specified roads, the power conferred Special traffic

by section 12(2) of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 restrictions on (temporary prohibition or restriction of traffic on roads) shall sPecl°cd roads-be exercisable either— 1967 c*76*

(a) as mentioned in that subsection (that is to say, by notice

given by the Secretary of State as highway authority), or

(b) by any person authorised in that behalf by the Secretary of State,

and may be exercised in relation to any particular vehicle.

(2) Where that power is exercised in accordance with paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection, it may be exercised either by notice or by such other means as the person exercising the power considers appropriate for communicating the prohibition or restriction to persons affected by it; and subsection (3) of the said section 12 shall apply in relation to any such communication, other than a notice, as it applies in relation to a notice given under subsection (2) of that section.

(3) Section 1(7) of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 (dis-application of that section to special roads) shall not apply in relation to the length of special road comprised in the specified roads.

9. The Secretary of State may by regulations impose Prevention such prohibitions and restrictions as he may consider necessary of damage, for preventing damage to the relevant works or for preventing notices and signs placed on or near the relevant works in connection with the regulation of traffic or the levying of tolls

from being removed, defaced or obscured.

Supplementary provisions

It. The Secretary of State may make such arrangements as Provision of he may consider appropriate with any person for securing the removal operation by that person of a service of removing such vehicles service* as are mentioned in section 7(1 )(b) of this Act from, or to another position on, the specified roads, or, if he thinks fit, may himself provide such a service.

11. Any person who— Offences.

(a) wilfully refuses, or without reasonable excuse neglects or fails, to pay a toll which he is required to pay under this Act, or wilfully avoids payment of any such toll, or

E* 4

144

Ch. 4

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

(b) wilfully and with intent to defraud claims or takes the

benefit of any exemption from die tolls (whether the exemption in question subsists by virtue of section 2(4> of this Act or otherwise) without being entitled to that benefit, or

(c) in circumstances not falling within either of the pre-

ceding paragraphs, contravenes any regulations made under this Act,

shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.

Provisions as to land and works.

1946 c. 30.

1949 c. 32.

1947 c. 42.

1963 c. 51. 1949 c. 42.

12.—(1) Without prejudice to die generality of any powers conferred by or under the Trunk Roads Act 1946 or the Special Roads Act 1949, the Secretary of State shall have power to provide and maintain—

(a) such structures, buildings, works and apparatus on or

near the specified roads as he may consider necessary or expedient in connection with the levying of tolls or with the maintenance of those roads;

(b) such parking places for vehicles as he may consider

necessary or expedient in connection with use of the specified roads;

(c) if in the opinion of the Secretary of State it is required,

a space in the vicinity of the specified roads for accommodating vehicles which have been removed from those roads in pursuance of section 7 of this Act.

(2) For the purpose of the exercise of the powers conferred by the foregoing subsection the Secretary of State may acquire land by agreement or compulsorily, and in relation to the compulsory acquisition of land under this section the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1947 shall apply as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act and as if section l(l)(h) of that Act included a reference to the Secretary of State.

In this subsection " land " includes any right or interest in or over land.

(3) Where a dispute arises as to the compensation payable in respect of a compulsory purchase under this section it shall be determined by the Lands Tribunal for Scotland in accordance with die Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963, but until sections 1 to 3 of the Lands Tribunal Act 1949 come into force as regards Scotland, any such dispute shall be determined by an official arbiter appointed under Part I of the said Act of 1963.

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

Ch. 4

145

13. —(1) A county council may enter into an agreement with County council the Secretary of State whereby the council will, as agents of a* agents or the Secretary of State, perform such services and provide suchcontractors* facilities as may be specified in the agreement in connection

with the levying of tolls or the operation of parking places provided under section 12 above; and, if any such agreement is made, the county council may perform those services and provide those facilities accordingly.

(2) A county council may enter into an agreement with the Secretary of State for the operation of such a service as is mentioned in section 10 of this Act; and, if any such agreement is made, the council may operate such a service and provide any facilities required in connection with it.

(3) Any such agreement as is mentioned in either of the preceding subsections may contain such terms and conditions (whether as to payment or otherwise) as the Secretary of State and the county council may consider appropriate.

(4) In this section "county council" means the council of the county of Dunbarton or of the county of Renfrew.

14. —(1) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, the pro- Application

visions mentioned in the next following subsection shall have $£ Act to effect in relation to— Crown*

(a) vehicles belonging to, or used for the purposes of, a

government department, and

(b) things done, or omitted to be done, in connection with

such vehicles by persons in the public service of the

Crown,

as they have effect in relation to vehicles which neither belong to nor are used for any purposes of the Crown and to persons who are not in the public service of the Crown.

(2) The provisions referred to in the preceding subsection are—

(a) section 7 of this Act and any regulations made under

that section;

(b) subsections (1) and (2) of section 8 of this Act; and

(c) section 11 of this Act in so far as it relates to con-

travention of any regulations made under section 7 of

this Act

(3) Regulations made under section 7 of this Act may provide that in their application in relation to—

(a) vehicles belonging to the Crown and used for naval,

military or air force purposes, and

(b) vehicles used for the purposes of any such body, con-

tingent or detachment of the forces of any country as

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

146

1952 c. 67. 1964 c. 5.

Orders and regulations.

Financial

provisions.

Annual

accounts*

Ch. 4

is a visiting force for the purposes of any of the provisions of the Visiting Forces Act 1952, or used for the purposes of any headquarters or organisation designated by an Order in Council under section 1 of the International Headquarters and Defence Organisations Act 1964,

the regulations shall have effect subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be specified in the regulations.

(4) Nothing in this Act or in any order made thereunder shall be construed—

(a) as derogating from any exemption or immunity con-

ferred by any enactment not contained in this Act, or

(b) as implying that any enactment contained in this Act

binds die Crown,

except as provided by the preceding provisions of this section.

(5) In this section "government department*’ includes any Minister of the Crown.

15.—(1) Any power conferred by this Act to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and shall include power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent order.

(2) Any instrument containing an order made under section 2 or section 6 of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) Any power to make regulations under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and’any instrument containing any such regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

16.—(1) Any sums paid to any person in respect of tolls shall be taken to be received by that person on behalf of the Secretary of State; and all such sums, and any other receipts of the Secretary of State under this Act, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in consequence of the provisions of this Act shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

17.—(1) The Secretary of State shall, in respect of each financial year during which tolls are levied or are suspended by virtue of an order made under section 6 of this Act, prepare a statement of accounts in such form, and containing such particulars, compiled in such manner, as the Treasury may from

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

Ch. 4

147

time to time direct having regard to the provisions of section 4 of this Act.

(2) Any statement of accounts prepared under this section shall be sent by the Secretary of State to the Comptroller and Auditor General not later than the end of the month of November following the end of the financial year to which the statement relates; and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and certify the statement and shall lay copies of it, together with his report thereon, before Parliament.

18.—(1) Unless the context otherwise requires references in this Act to any enactment are references to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any subsequent enactment.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968.

Interpretation and short title.

148

Ch. 4

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

Sectioo 3.

1960 c. 16.

Section 4.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Bodies to which Section 3(3) applies

1. Any organisation appearing to the Secretary of State to represent to a substantial extent the interests of the general body of owners of mechanically propelled vehicles in Scotland who are not holders of licences under Part III of the Road Traffic Act 1960 or of A licences or B licences under Part IV of that Act.

2. Any organisation appearing to the Secretary of State to represent to a substantial extent the interests of the general body of persons carrying on road transport undertakings in Scotland.

3. In the case of any particular order proposed to be made under section 2 of this Act, any organisation (not falling within either of the preceding paragraphs) which appears to the Secretary of State to represent to a substantial extent the interests of owners in Scotland of a class of vehicles specified, in pursuance of subsection (1) of that section, in the order as prepared in draft.

4. Any organisation appearing to the Secretary of State to represent to a substantial extent the interests of persons engaged in a particular profession, trade or employment who, by reason of that profession, trade or employment, are likely to be frequent users of the specified roads.

5. Any organisation appearing to the Secretary of State to represent to a substantial extent the interests of persons carrying on industrial or commercial undertakings in Scotland generally, or in the locality in which either end of the specified roads is situated in particular, whose vehicles used for the purposes of those undertakings are likely to be frequent users of the specified roads.

6. Any organisation appearing to the Secretary of State to represent to a substantial extent the interests of persons residing in the locality in which either end of the specified roads is situated.

7. Any body corporate appearing to the Secretary of State to have a substantial interest in the use of the specified roads by reason of its operating a number of vehicles which are likely to be frequent users of those roads.

SCHEDULE 2

Purposes relevant to General Limitations on Tolls

1. Reimbursement with interest of all expenses properly chargeable to capital account which have before the passing of this Act been, or may after the passing of this Act be, incurred by the Secretary of State in providing the relevant works.

2. Reimbursement with interest of all expenses properly chargeable to capital account which may after the passing of this Act, but before

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act 1968

Ch. 4

149

the end of the period specified in subsection (1) of section 4 of this Sch. 2. Act, be incurred by the Secretary of State in providing additions to, or improvements of the relevant works.

3. Defraying all expenses (including administrative expenses) which are properly chargeable to revenue account and are incurred during the toll period by the Secretary of State or by any other Minister of the Crown or government department in, or in connection with, the maintenance, repair or renewal of the relevant works, or of any such addition or improvement as is mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or the operation during the toll period of services or facilities provided by the Secretary of State in connection with the relevant works or any such addition or improvement

4. Making such provision as in the opinion of the Secretary of State is adequate for defraying the expenses properly chargeable to revenue account which are likely to be incurred in, or in connection with, continuing after the end of the toll period to maintain, repair and renew the relevant works and any such addition or improvement and continuing after the end of that period to operate services or facilities provided by the Secretary of State in connection with the relevant works or any such addition or improvement.

5. Making such provision as in the opinion of the Secretary of State is equivalent to that which would be required for keeping the relevant works and any such addition or improvement insured (both during and after the toll period) if they were owned and maintained by a commercial undertaking.

6. Defraying all expenses (not falling within any of the preceding paragraphs) which are incurred by the Secretary of State in consequence of the provisions of this Act.

7. Provision for interest on any deficiency which may arise during the toll period in the revenue produced by the tolls as compared with the amounts required to be raised by the tolls for fulfilling the purposes specified in paragraphs 1 to 6 of this Schedule.

150

Ch. 5

Maximum numbers of Lords of Appeal in Ordinary and certain other judges.

Administration of Justice Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 5

An Act to make provision with respect to the maximum numbers of Lords of Appeal in Ordinary and certain other judges.

[15th February 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The maximum number—

(a) of Lords of Appeal in Ordinary shall be eleven;

(b) in England and Wales—

(i) of ordinary judges of the Court of Appeal shall be thirteen;

(ii) of puisne judges of the High Court shall be seventy;

(iii) of county court judges shall be ninety-seven;

(c) in Scotland, of judges of the Court of Session shall be nineteen;

(d) in Northern Ireland, of puisne judges of the High Court shall be four.

(2) Her Majesty may by Order in Council from time to time amend the foregoing subsection so as to increase or further increase the maximum number of appointments which may be made to any of the offices therein mentioned.

(3) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty in Council to make an Order under this section unless a draft of the Order has been laid before Parliament and approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

Administration of Justice Act 1968

Ch. 5

151

(4) There shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, or out of moneys provided by Parliament, any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums which, under any other enactment, are payable out of that Fund, or out of moneys so provided, as the case may be.

(5) The enactments described in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(6) In paragraph 1(1) of Part II of Schedule 7 to the Govern- 1920 c. 67. ment of Ireland Act 1920 (which provides that the High Court

in Northern Ireland shall consist of the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland and two puisne judges), after the word "and " there shall be inserted the words " not less than *\

2. This Act may be cited as the Administration of Justice Short title. Act 1968.

152

Ch. 5

Administration of Justice Act 1968

Section 1.

SCHEDULE

Repeals

Chapter

Short title

Extent of Repeal

39 & 40 Vict, c. 59.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

c. 8.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 11.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1913.

The Government of Ireland Act 1920.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1929.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1947.

In section 6, the word "two " where it first occurs.

Section 14, so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

In Part II of Schedule 7, in paragraph 1(1), the words " three judges, namely*; and paragraph 1(2).

In section 2(1), the words " nor more than sixty-three *.

In section 6(1), the words44 nor more than eleven *.

Section 2.

Section 1, except so much of the proviso to subsection (1) as follows the words "Pro-

vided that

12, 13 & 14 The Administration of Geo. 6. c. 10. Justice (Scotland) Act 1948.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2.

c. 68.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2.

c. 22.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 3.

The Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956.

The County Courts Act 1959.

The Administration of Justice (Judges and Pensions) Act 1960.

1963 c. 39. The Criminal Justice

(Scotland) Act 1963.

1964 c. 42. The Administration of

Justice Act 1964.

Section 1, except so much of the proviso to subsection (1) as follows the words "Provided that *.

Section 32, so far as unrepealed.

Section 35(2).

In section 4(1), the words from 44 but * onwards.

In section 1(2), the words44 nor more than eleven".

In Part I of Schedule 2, the words44 nor more than eleven *’.

Section 49.

Section 54(2).

In section 5(2), the words from " limit " to " total *’ and the words from "shall be" to

1964 c. 58.

1965 c. 61.

The Resale Prices Act 1964.

The Judges Remuneration Act 1965.

"judges".

In Schedule 3, paragraph 25(1).

Section 9, so far as unrepealed.

Section 10(2).

Section 3.

In Schedule 2, in the entry relating to the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925, the words "nor more than sixty-three ".

Ch. 6

153

Trustee Savings Banks Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 6

An Act to amend the law relating to trustee savings banks.

[15th February 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The maximum rate of interest which may be fixed by Increase of order of the Treasury under section 27(2) of the Trustee Savings ratC

Banks Act 1954 (in this Act referred to as "the principal Act")onordinary as the rate at which interest is to be paid or credited on sums deposits standing to the credit of trustee savings banks in the Fund for invested, the Banks for Savings shall be £3 13s. Od. per cent., instead of 1954 c. 63.

£3 2s. 6d. per cent, as provided by section 1(1) of the Trustee 1958 c. 8. Savings Banks Act 1958 (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1958 ").

2.—(1) The National Debt Commissioners may make to a Financing of trustee savings bank advances out of the Fund for the Banks for SSloditure Savings in order to meet expenditure incurred by the bank infofbank purchasing land or erecting buildings for the purpose of the bank purposes, or any expenditure of a capital nature incurred by the bank—

(a) on the doing of work to land or buildings provided for the said purpose; or

(b) in the acquisition of equipment or machinery required for the conduct of the business of the bank.

(2) Advances made by virtue of this section shall be on such terms and for such period as the Commissioners may with the approval of the Treasury direct, but the total of the advances so made shall not exceed £10 million.

(3) Any expenditure incurred by a trustee savings bank in the acquisition of equipment or machinery required for the conduct of the business of the bank, being expenditure of a capital nature,

154

Ch. 6

Trustee Savings Banks Act 1968

may be defrayed in the same manner as the cost of purchasing land may be defrayed under section 4(1) of the Act of 1958 (which authorises the application of surplus assets derived from ordinary deposits, advances and grants from other banks and other specified funds).

Banks* power 3.—(1) The trustees of a trustee savings bank may, subject to

of investment, regulations made by the Treasury and to the powers of control conferred on the National Debt Commissioners by section 40 of the principal Act, invest moneys received for special investment in any such manner for the time being specified in Part U of 1961 c. 62. Schedule 1 to the Trustee Investments Act 1961 as may be specified in the regulations.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing provision—

(a) the trustees of a trustee savings bank may, subject to regulations so made and to the Commissioners* said powers of control, invest moneys so received in any securities of which principal and interest are charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or of Northern Ireland, whether directly or by virtue of any guarantee, notwithstanding that the securities are excluded from Part II of Schedule 1 to the Trustee Investments Act 1961 by the operation of paragraph 2 of Part IV of that Schedule; and

(b) the trustees of a trustee savings bank in the island of Jersey or Guernsey may, subject as aforesaid, invest moneys so received in any security issued by the States of that island on which principal and interest are charged on the general revenues of the States.

(3) As from the date on which regulations under this section first come into force, section 2(1) of the Act of 1958 and Schedule 1 to that Act (which provide a narrower power of investment, confining it mainly to British Government and local authority securities) shall cease to have effect; but nothing in this section shall apply to or affect any investment made before that date, or

'any investment previously made in the exercise of powers conferred by the said section 2 or section 41 of the principal Act.

(4) Moneys received for special investment shall not be invested except in accordance with this section or section 2(2) and (3) of the Act of 1958 (which enable a bank’s trustees to transfer such moneys to another trustee savings bank for investment or to place them on deposit or current account with a bank other than a savings bank), or section 2(1) of that Act so long as it remains in force.

(5) The provisions of this section shall be taken to apply to the investment of any moneys forming part of the assets held by a bank on account of special investments.

Trustee Savings Banks Act 1968

Ch. 6

155

(6) The power of the Treasury to make regulations for the purposes of this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and a draft of any statutory instrument made in the exercise of the power shall be laid before Parliament.

4. Section 26(2) of the principal Act (under which money Removal of invested by the trustees of a trustee savings bank in accordance restrictions as with section 25 of that Act is to be paid into the Fund for the of

Banks for Savings) shall have effect without the proviso (which commissioners prevents the payment in of sums less than £50 and requires, for investment, before payment, the production to the National Debt Commissioners of a declaration that the money belongs exclusively to the paying bank and also a supporting order by a bank trustee.)

5.—(1) The account made out annually by the National Debt Commis-Commissioners in accordance with section 34 of the principal sioners’

Act (interest accrued in the Fund for the Banks for Savings accounts etc against interest credited to banks) and the statement prepared by them in accordance with section 37 of that Act (Government liabilities to banks and securities held to meet them) shall be in such form respectively as the Treasury may direct.

(2) The said account and statement and also the account prepared by the Commissioners in accordance with section 71 of the principal Act (general account with respect to trustee savings banks) shall, not later than 31st May in each year, be transmitted to the Comptroller and Auditor General, who shall examine, certify and report thereon and lay copies of them, together with copies of his report, before each House of Parliament.

(3) In section 36(1) of the principal Act (payment to Exchequer of any balance in the Fund for the Banks for Savings after crediting banks with interest and allowing for depreciation and expenses) the words " within three months after the account is laid before Parliament *’ shall be omitted.

(4) This section applies to accounts and statements in respect of the year ending 20th November, 1967 and every subsequent year.

6. The directions which may be given by the National Debt Control of Commissioners to a trustee savings bank under section 40(1) banks’ of the principal Act with respect to the bank’s business of making aPPortlonmeDt special investments include directions as to the manner in which 8 en the total expenses of management are to be apportioned in the bank’s accounts as between the business of making such investments and the handling of ordinary deposits.

156

Ch. 6

Trustee Savings Banks Act 1968

Service with Savings Banks Institute to be

reckoned for superannuation.

1955 c. 12.

Abolition of obsolete minor charge.

Increased charge on Consolidated Fund.

Interpretation. 1958 c. 8.

7. —(1) In section 67 of the principal Act (which allows service in any trustee savings bank institution to count for superannuation in favour of a person pensionable as an officer of a trustee savings bank or the Inspection Committee) the expression " trustee savings bank service " shall include service as an officer of the Savings Banks Institute and the Institute shall be treated for purposes of that section as a savings bank institution; and accordingly in that section—

(a) for the words " or the Association ", where they occur

for the first time in subsection (1), there shall be substituted the words " the Association or the Savings Banks Institute (hereafter in this section called ‘ the Institute *)

(b) for those words wherever else they occur in the section

there shall be substituted the words " the Association or the Institute";

(c) for the words "or Association" wherever they occur

in the section, there shall be substituted the words " Association or Institute ".

(2) The service which by virtue of this section is reckonable for purposes of superannuation under section 67 of the principal Act shall include service before the commencement of this Act, but only in the case of a person retiring or dying in service after that commencement.

(3) Nothing in this section restricts the matters for which provision may be made by an order of the Treasury under section 1 of the Trustee Savings Banks (Pensions) Act 1955 (extension or modification of superannuation benefits payable under sections 64 to 69 of the principal Act).

(4) In this section and in section 67 of the principal Act " the Savings Banks Institute" means the body constituted by that name in January 1948.

8. In section 47(10) of the principal Act (entitlement of depositor with trustee savings bank to copy of bank’s annual statement) the words "on payment of one penny" shall be omitted.

9. There shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of the Consolidated Fund under section 36 of the principal Act.

10. In this Act—

" the Act of 1958 " means the Trustee Savings Banks Act 1958; and

Trustee Savings Banks Act 1968

Ch. 6

157

" the principal Act " means the Trustee Savings Banks 1954 c. 63. Act 1954;

and expressions used in this Act and the principal Act have the same meanings in this Act as in that Act.

11. The enactments specified in the second column of the Repeals. Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified

in the third column of the Schedule, but the repeals in section 2 of the Act of 1958 and the repeal of Schedule 1 to that Act shall have effect only from the first coming into force of regulations under section 3 of this Act.

12. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Trustee Savings Banks Short title, Act 1968, and this Act and the Trustee Savings Banks Acts 1954 citation and to 1964 may be cited together as the Trustee Savings Banksextent* Acts 1954 to 1968.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland, and this Act shall also extend to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.

158

Ch. 6

Trustee Savings Banks Act 1968

Section 11.

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session Short Title Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 63. The Trustee Savings Banks Act 1954. In section 26, the proviso to subsection (2) and subsection (2). Section 34(2). In section 36(1), the words " within three months after the account is bud before Parliament ". Section 37(2). In section 47(10) the words " on payment of one penny". Section 71(2).

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 8. The Trustee Savings Banks Act 1958. Section 1(1). Section 2(1), and in section 2(4) the words "Money received for special investment shall not be invested except in accordance with this section; and ". Schedule 1.

1964 c. 4. The Trustee Savings Banks Act 1964. In section 7(1), the words from " and the declaration " onwards.

Ch. 7

159

London Cab Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 7

An Act to extend the power of the Secretary of State to prescribe fares in respect of journeys by cab within the metropolitan police district and the (Sty of London; to make provision for extending the length of such journeys which the driver of a cab is obliged by law to undertake; to relax restrictions on the parking of cabs; to prohibit the display on certain vehicles in that district or the City of London of signs or notices containing the word "taxi " or " cab " and signs or notices of certain other descriptions; and to restrict the issue, in connection with certain vehicles, of advertisements containing either of those words.

[15th February 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The power of the Secretary of State under paragraph (3) Power to of section 9 of the Metropolitan Public Carriage Act 1869 and jugulate fares section 1 of the London Cab and Stage Carriage Act 1907 (regulations governing cab fares in London) shall include power tOjourney8. prescribe fares for the hire of cabs in respect of all journeys in 1869c 115. London whether or not the journey is one which the driver of 1907 c. 55. the cab is obliged by law to undertake.

(2) In this section " cab ", " fare " and " London " have the same meaning as in the said Act of 1907, and for the purposes of this section a journey shall be treated as a journey in London if it begins and ends there.

London Cab Act 1968

160 Ch. 7

Power to increase length of obligatory journeys.

1853 c. 33.

Relaxation of restrictions on the parking of cabs.

1831 c. 22.

1967 c. 76.

Prohibition of the display of certain signs or notices on, and the issue of certain advertisements in connection with, private hire-cars.

2. —(1) The Secretary of State may by order direct that for the reference to the distance of six miles in section 7 and paragraph (2) of section 17 of the London Hackney Carriage Act 1853 (being the length of a journey which the driver of a cab is by law obliged to undertake) there shall be substituted a reference to such greater distance as appears to him to be appropriate.

(2) An order under this section may be limited so as to apply only in relation to hirings in respect of journeys which begin, or which end, at such places as may be specified in the order, and may substitute different distances in relation to such hirings or any of them and in relation to other hirings.

(3) The power to make orders under this section includes power to vary or revoke a previous order and shall be exercisable by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) Before making any order under this section the Secretary of State shall consult with such bodies appearing to him to represent the owners and drivers of cabs as he considers appropriate.

3. —(1) Section 55 of the London Hackney Carriage Act 1831 (which makes it an offence to leave a cab unattended) is hereby repealed.

(2) In section 35 of the said Act of 1831 (under which a cab found standing in any street or place is, in certain circumstances, deemed to be plying for hire) the reference to a street or place shall not include a reference to any parking place for the time being designated by an order in force under the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 or to any part of a road the use of which as a parking place is for the time being authorised by an order in force under that Act.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment whereby the said section 35 has effect in relation to premises of the British Railways Board or the London Transport Board, the reference in that section to a street or place shall not include a reference to any part of those premises which is set aside by the Board concerned as a parking place for vehicles.

4. —(1) There shall not, in the metropolitan police district or the City of London, be displayed on any private hire-car any sign or notice—

(a) which consists of or includes the word "taxi " or " cab ",

whether in the singular or plural and whether alone or as part of another word; or

(b) which consists of the words " for hire ", or the form or

wording of which is in any other way such as to suggest

London Cab Act 1968

Ch. 7

161

that the vehicle on which it is displayed is presently available to take up any passenger wishing to hire it, or would be so available if not already hired.

(2) No advertisement—

(a) indicating that motor vehicles can be hired on application

to a specified address or telephone number, being the address or telephone number of premises in the metropolitan police district or the City of London; or

(b) on or near any such premises indicating that motor

vehicles can be hired at those premises,

shall include the word "taxi " or " cab ", whether in the singular or plural and whether alone or as part of another word, unless the vehicles offered for hire are licensed cabs or the advertisement makes it clear that they are not.

(3) Any person who—

(a) drives a vehicle in respect of which subsection (1) of this

section is contravened or causes or permits that subsection to be contravened in respect of any vehicle; or

(b) subject to subsection (4) of this section, issues, or causes

to be issued, an advertisement which contravenes subsection (2) of this section,

shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction, in the case of a first offence under the paragraph of this subsection in question, to a fine not exceeding £20 and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence under that paragraph, to a fine not exceeding £50.

(4) Where a person is charged with an offence under paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of this section, it shall be a defence to prove that he is a person whose business it is to publish or arrange for the publication of advertisements and that he received the advertisement in question for publication in the ordinary course of business and did not know and had no reason to suspect that its publication would amount to an offence under that paragraph.

(5) In this section—

" advertisement " includes every form of advertising, whether in a publication or by the display of notices or by means of circulars or other documents or by an exhibition of photographs or a cinematograph film, or by way of sound broadcasting or television, and references to the issue of an advertisement shall be construed accordingly;

"private hire-car" means a motor vehicle, other than a licensed cab or public service vehicle, which is used for the purpose of carrying passengers for hire or reward;

F

162

Ch. 7

London Cab Act 1968

1869 c. 115. 1847 c. 89.

1960 c. 16.

Short title and repeals.

"licensed cab" means a vehicle licensed under section 6 of the Metropolitan Public Carriage Act 1869, section 37 of the Town Police Clauses Act 1847 or any similar local enactment; and

" public service vehicle " has the same meaning as in the Road Traffic Act 1960.

(6) The foregoing provisions of this section shall come into force on such date as the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the London Cab Act 1968.

(2) In paragraph (2) of section 9 of the Metropolitan Public Carriage Act 1869 the words " and the distances to which they may be compelled to take passengers " and the restriction numbered (2) in that section are hereby repealed.

Ch. 8

163

Mauritius Independence Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 8

An Act to make provision for, and in connection with, the attainment by Mauritius of fully responsible status within the Commonwealth.

[29th February 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1-—(1) On and after 12th March 1968 (in this Act referred to as " the appointed day ") Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom shall have no responsibility for the government of Mauritius.

(2) No Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed on or after the appointed day shall extend, or be deemed to extend, to Mauritius as part of its law; and on and after that day the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the legislative powers of Mauritius.

2.—(1) On and after the appointed day the British Nationality Acts 1948 to 1965 shall have effect as if in section 1(3) of the British Nationality Act 1948 (Commonwealth countries having separate citizenship) there were added at the end the words " and Mauritius ".

(2) Except as provided by section 3 of this Act, any person who immediately before the appointed day is a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies shall on that day cease to be such a citizen if he becomes on that day a citizen of Mauritius.

(3) Section 6(2) of the British Nationality Act 1948 (registration as citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies of women who have been married to such citizens) shall not apply

Fully

responsible status of Mauritius.

Consequential modifications of British Nationality Acts.

1948 c. 56.

164

Ch. 8

Mauritius Independence Act 1968

1967 c. 4.

Retention of citizenship of United Kingdom and Colonies by certain citizens of Mauritius.

1948 c. 56.

to a woman by virtue of her marriage to a person who on the appointed day ceases to be such a citizen under subsection (2) of this section, or who would have done so if living on the appointed day.

(4) In accordance with section 3(3) of the West Indies Act 1967, it is hereby declared that this and the next following section extend to all associated states.

3.—(1) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, a person shall not cease to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies under section 2(2) of this Act if he, his father or his father’s father—

(a) was bom in the United Kingdom or in a colony or an

associated state; or

(b) is or was a person naturalised in the United Kingdom

and Colonies; or

(c) was registered as a citizen of the United Kingdom and

Colonies; or

(d) became a British subject by reason of the annexation

of any territory included in a colony.

(2) A person shall not cease to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies under the said section 2(2) if either—

(a) he was bom in a protectorate or protected state, or

(b) his father or his father’s father was so bom and is or at any time was a British subject.

(3) A woman who is the wife of a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies shall not cease to be such a citizen under the said section 2(2) unless her husband does so.

(4) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, the reference in subsection (l)(h) of this section to a person naturalised in the United Kingdom and Colonies shall include a person who would, if living immediately before the commencement of the British Nationality Act 1948, have become a person naturalised in the United Kingdom and Colonies by virtue of section 32(6) of that Act (persons given local naturalisation in a colony or protectorate before the commencement of that Act).

(5) In this section—

(a) references to a colony shall be construed as not including any territory which, on the appointed day, is not a colony for the purposes of the British Nationality Act 1948 as that Act has effect on that day, and accordingly do not include Mauritius, and

Mauritius Independence Act 1968

Cel 8

165

(b) references to a protectorate or protected state shall be construed as not including any territory which, on the appointed day, is not a protectorate or a protected state (as the case may be) for the purposes of that Act as it has effect on that day;

and subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to a person by virtue of any certificate of naturalisation granted or registration effected by the Governor or Government of a territory which by virtue of this subsection is excluded from references in this section to a colony, protectorate or protected state.

(6) Part III of the British Nationality Act 1948 (supplemental 1948 c. 56. provisions) as in force at the passing of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section as if this section were included in that Act.

4. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Interpretation Act Consequential

1889, the expression " colony " in any Act of the Parliament of modification the United Kingdom passed on or after the appointed day shall enactments not include Mauritius. 18g9 63 ’

(2) On and after the appointed day—

(a) the expression " colony " in the Army Act 1955, the 1955 c. 18.

Air Force Act 1955 and the Naval Discipline Act 1955 c. 19. 1957 shall not include Mauritius, and 1957 c. 53.

(b) in the definitions of " Commonwealth force " in section

225(1) and 223(1) respectively of the said Acts of 1955, and in the definition of "Commonwealth country " in section 135(1) of the said Act of 1957, at the end there shall be added the words " or Mauritius ";

and no Order in Council made on or after the appointed day under section 1 of the Armed Forces Act 1966 which continues 1966 c. 45. either of the said Acts of 1955 in force for a further period shall extend to Mauritius as part of its law.

(3) On and after the appointed day the provisions specified in Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified respectively in that Schedule.

(4) Subsection (3) of this section, and Schedule 2 to this Act, shall not extend to Mauritius as part of its law.

5. —(1) In this Act, and in any amendment made by this Act Interpretation, in any other enactment, " Mauritius " means the territories

which immediately before the appointed day constitute the Colony of Mauritius.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment are references to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment

6. This Act may be cited as the Mauritius Independence Act short title. 1968.

166

Ch. 8

Mauritius Independence Act 1968

Section 1. 1865 c. 63.

1894 c. 60. 1890 c. 27.

Section 4. 1952 c. 10.

1952 c. 18.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Legislative Powers of Mauritius

1. The Colonial Laws Validity Act 1865 shall not apply to any law made on or after the appointed day by the legislature of Mauritius.

2. No law and no provision of any law made on or after the appointed day by that legislature shall be void or inoperative on the ground that it is repugnant to the law of England, or to the provisions of any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, including this Act, or to any order, rule or regulation made under any such Act, and accordingly the powers of that legislature shall include the power to repeal or amend any such Act, order, rule or regulation in so far as it is part of the law of Mauritius.

3. The legislature of Mauritius shall have full power to make laws having extra-territorial operation.

4. Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this Schedule—

(a) sections 735 and 736 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 shall be construed as if references therein to the legislature of a British possession did not include references to the legislature of Mauritius; and

(b) section 4 of the Colonial Courts of Admiralty Act 1890 (which requires certain laws to be reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure or to contain a suspending clause) and so much of section 7 of that Act as requires the approval of Her Majesty in Council to any rules of court for regulating the practice and procedure of a Colonial Court of Admiralty shall cease to have effect in Mauritius.

SCHEDULE 2

Amendments not Affecting the Law of Mauritius Diplomatic immunities

1. In section 461 of the Income Tax Act 1952 (which relates to exemption from income tax in the case of certain Commonwealth representatives and their staffs)—

(a) in subsection (2), before the words "for any state" there shall be inserted the words " or Mauritius ";

(b) in subsection (3), before the words " and * Agent-General ’ " there shall be inserted the words " or Mauritius

2. In section 1(6) of the Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act 1952, before the word "and " in the last place where it occurs there shall be inserted the word "Mauritius

Mauritius Independence Act 1968

Ch. 8

167

3. In section 1(5) of the Diplomatic Immunities (Conferences with Sch. 2 Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act 1961, 1961 c. 11. before the word "and " in the last place where it occurs there shall be inserted the word "Mauritius ".

Financial

4. In section 2(4) of the Import Duties Act 1958, before the words 1958 c. 6. " together with " there shall be inserted the word "Mauritius ".

Visiting forces

5. In the Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act 1933, sec- 1933 c. 6. tion 4 (attachment and mutual powers of command) shall apply in relation to forces raised in Mauritius as it applies to forces raised

in Dominions within the meaning of the Statute of Westminster 1931 c. 4 1931. (22 & 23

Geo. 5.).

6. In the Visiting Forces Act 1952— !952 c. 67.

(a) in paragraph (< a) of section 1(1) (countries to which that

Act applies) at the end there shall be added the words " Mauritius or ";

(b) in section 10(lXtf). the expression "colony" shall not include Mauritius;

and, until express provision with respect to Mauritius is made by an Order in Council under section 8 of that Act (application to visiting forces of law relating to home forces), any such Order for the time being in force shall be deemed to apply to visiting forces of Mauritius.

Ships and aircraft

7. In section 427(2) of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894, as set 1894 c. 60. out in section 2 of the Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act 1949 c. 43. 1949, before the words " or in any " there shall be inserted the words

" or Mauritius ".

8. In section 6(2) of the Merchant Shipping Act 1948, at the 1948 c. 44. end of the proviso there shall be added the words " or Mauritius ".

9. The Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act 1939 shall 1939 c. 70. not apply to any ship by reason only of its being registered in, or licensed under the law of, Mauritius; and the penal provisions of

that Act shall not apply to persons in Mauritius (but without prejudice to the operation with respect to any ship to which that Act does apply of the provisions thereof relating to the forfeiture of ships).

10. In the Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act 1934, the expression 1934 c. 49. " British ship to which this Act applies " shall not include a British

ship registered in Mauritius.

11. In section 2(7X6) of the Civil Aviation (Licensing) Act 1960 c. 38. 1960, the expression "colony" shall not include Mauritius.

Mauritius Independence Act 1968

168

Sch. 2

1925 ch. xvii. 1958 c. 16.

Ch. 8

Commonwealth Institute

12. In section 8(2) of the Imperial Institute Act 1925, as amended by the Commonwealth Institute Act 1958 (power to vary the provisions of the said Act of 1925 if an agreement for the purpose is made with the governments of certain territories which for the time being are contributing towards the expenses of the Commonwealth Institute) at the end there shall be added the words " and Mauritius ".

Ch. 9

169

Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 9

An Act to amend sections 1 and 2 of the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962, and Schedule 1 to that Act, and to make further provision as to Commonwealth citizens landing in the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[1st March 1968.]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In section 1 of the principal Act (application of Part I), Amendment in subsection (2Xh) after the words " citizen of the Unitedof section l Kingdom and Colonies" there shall be inserted the wordsofpnnapal " and fulfils the condition specified in subsection (2A) of this section", and after subsection (2) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (2A) The condition referred to in subsection (2 of this section, in relation to a person, is that he, or at least one of his parents or grandparents,—

(a) was bom in the United Kingdom, or

(b) is or was a person naturalised in the United Kingdom, or

(c) became a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies by virtue of being adopted in the United Kingdom, or

F*

170

Ch. 9

Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968

1948 c. 56. 1964 c. 22.

Refusal of admission and conditional admission.

(d) became such a citizen by being registered under Part II of the British Nationality Act 1948 or under the British Nationality Act 1964, either in the United Kingdom or in a country which, on the date on which he was so registered, was one of the countries mentioned in section 1(3) of the said Act of 1948 as it had effect on that date ".

2.—(1) The following subsections shall be substituted for ibsections (1) and (2) of section 2 of the principal Act:—

" (1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, on die examination under this Part of this Act of any Commonwealth citizen to whom section 1 of this Act applies who enters or seeks to enter the United Kingdom, an immigration officer may refuse him admission into the United Kingdom, or may admit him into the United Kingdom subject to conditions as mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of this subsection, or to conditions as mentioned in both those paragraphs, that is to say—

(a) a condition restricting the period for which he may remain in the United Kingdom, with or without conditions for restricting his employment or occupation there;

(b) a condition that, before such date and in such manner as may be specified in the condition, he shall report his arrival to such medical officer of health as may be so specified and shall thereafter attend at such place and time, and submit to such test or examination (if any), as that medical officer of health may require.

(1A) An immigration officer shall not impose such a condition as is mentioned in subsection (l)(b) of this section unless, on the advice of a medical inspector or, where no such inspector is available, on the advice of any other duly qualified medical practitioner, it appears to him to be necessary to do so in die interests of public health.

(2) The power to refuse admission shall not, except as provided by subsection (5) of this section, be exercised on any occasion in respect of a person who—

(a) satisfies an immigration officer that he is ordinarily

resident in the United Kingdom or was so resident at any time within the past two years, or

(b) being a woman, satisfies an immigration officer that

she is the wife of a Commonwealth citizen who is resident in the United Kingdom or of a Commonwealth citizen who enters or seeks to enter the United Kingdom with her.

Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968

Ch. 9

171

(2A) Without prejudice to subsection (2) of this section, the power to refuse admission shall not be exercised on any occasion in respect of a person who satisfies an immigration officer—

(a) that he is under the age of sixteen;

(b) that he has at least one parent who is a Commonwealth citizen; and

(c) either that both of his parents are resident in the United Kingdom, or that both of them are entering or seeking to enter the United Kingdom with him, or that one of his parents is resident in the United Kingdom and the other is entering or seeking to enter the United Kingdom with him.

(2B) In paragraph (b) of subsection (2), and in paragraph

(c) of subsection (2A), of this section any reference to a person entering or seeking to enter the United Kingdom shall be construed as not including a person who, on the occasion in question, is refused admission into the United Kingdom.

(2C) Where by virtue of subsection (2) or subsection (2A) of this section die power to refuse admission to a person on any occasion is not exercisable, or would not be exercisable apart from subsection (5) of this section, the power under this section to impose any such condition as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section (in the following provisions of this section referred to as a ‘restrictive condition’) shall not be exercisable on that occasion in respect of that person except—

(a) in a case falling within subsection (2 of this section, where a restrictive condition is on that occasion imposed on the woman’s husband or has previously been imposed on him and is then in force, or

(b) in a case falling within subsection (2A) of this section,

where a restrictive condition is on that occasion imposed on at least one parent of that person or has previously been imposed on at least one parent of his and is then in force ",

(2) In subsection (3) of section 2 of the principal Act, for the words " subsection (2) " there shall be substituted the words " subsections (2) and (2A) ", and for the words " admit subject to conditions " there shall be substituted the words " impose a restrictive condition

F* 2

172

Ch. 9

Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968

Further restrictions on

landing in

United

Kingdom.

(3) In subsection (6) of section 2 of the principal Act, for the words from " * child' includes a step-child " to " illegitimate child " there shall be substituted the words " * parent ’ includes a stepfather or stepmother and a parent by adoption and in relation to a person of illegitimate birth, includes a natural or putative parent of that person, and any reference to both parents, in relation to a person who has only one surviving parent, shall be construed as a reference to that parent

3. In the principal Act the following section shall be inserted after section 4:—

"4A.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, if any person being a Commonwealth citizen to whom section 1 of this Act applies lands in the United Kingdom and does not fulfil either of the conditions specified in the next following subsection, he shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) The conditions referred to in subsection (1) of this section are—

(a) that, while on board the ship or aircraft from which

he lands in the United Kingdom, he has been examined by an immigration officer;

(b) that he lands in accordance with arrangements approved by an immigration officer, and on landing, submits to examination in accordance with those arrangements.

(3) The Secretary of State may by order provide that subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to a person who lands from a ship or aircraft in such circumstances or combination of circumstances (whether relating wholly or partly to the nature of the voyage of the ship or aircraft, to his being a member of the crew of the ship or aircraft, to his intention to leave the United Kingdom in the same or another ship or aircraft, or to any other matters) as may be specified in the order.

(4) In any proceedings for an offence under this section, where it is proved that a person being a Commonwealth citizen to whom section 1 of this Act applies landed in the United Kingdom, and he does not prove that he landed there in circumstances which (by virtue of an order under subsection (3) of this section) exempt his landing from the operation of subsection (1) of this section, then unless he produces a passport which was duly stamped by an immigration officer—

(a) on or after the date on which he landed there, and

Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968

Ol 9

173

(b) before the end of the relevant period,

he shall, unless the contrary is proved, be presumed to have landed in contravention of subsection (1) of this section.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (4) of this section, a stamp purporting to have been imprinted in a passport by an immigration officer on a particular date shall, unless die contrary is proved, be presumed to have been imprinted by such an officer on that date; and in that subsection 4 the relevant period in relation to a person, means the period beginning with the date on which he landed in the United Kingdom and ending—

(a) twenty-eight days after that date, or

(b) at the end of the day on which his examination (including any further examination) in pursuance of paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Act is concluded,

whichever is the later.

(6) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any statutory instrument containing any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(7) In this section 4 land ’ means land from a ship or aircraft, 4 ship ’ includes every description of vessel used in navigation, and 4crew*, in relation to a ship or aircraft, means all persons actually employed in the working or service of the ship or aircraft, including the master of the ship or the commander of the aircraft, and 4 member of the crew * shall be construed accordingly.*

4. In sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Examination principal Act (whereby a person cannot be required to submit to of persons examination under that paragraph unless he is so required within |™"j* " twenty-four hours from the time of landing) for the words Kingdom.

44twenty-four hours from the time when" there shall be substituted the words 44 twenty-eight days from the date on which *.

5.—(1) Where a person lands from a ship or aircraft in contra- Special vention of section 4A of the principal Act, the master of the ship offences or the commander of the aircraft, as the case may be, if— rontravention

(a) he knows or has reasonable cause to suspect that that of section 4A person intends to land from the ship or aircraft inof principal contravention of that section, and

F* 3

174

Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968

1861 c. 94. 1952 c. 55.

1964 c. 21. (N.I.).

Interpretation and supplementary provisions. 1962 c. 21.

Ch. 9

(b) he causes or permits him to do so, or does not take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to prevent him from doing so,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £200 or

to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect without prejudice to the operation—

(a) in England and Wales, of section 8 of the Accessories and Abettors Act 1861 and section 35 of the Magistrates’ Courts Act 1952;

(b) in Scotland, of any rule of law relating to art and part

guilt; or

(c) in Northern Ireland, of section 8 of the Accessories and

Abettors Act 1861 and section 68 of the Magistrates’ Courts Act (Northern Ireland) 1964.

(4) In this section " ship " has the same meaning as in section 4A of the principal Act.

6.—(1) In this Act " the principal Act " means the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962, and " enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

(2) In section 14 of the principal Act (penalties, proceedings etc.), in subsection (2), after the words " offence under this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or under section 5 of the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968 "; and in subsection (3), after the words " section four " there shall be inserted the words " section 4A ", and at the end of subsection (3) there shall be inserted the words " or under section 5 of the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968

(3) In section 18 of the principal Act (provisions relating to the Channel Islands and Isle of Man), in subsection (1), in paragraph (a), after " (2) " there shall be inserted " (2A) ", and after that paragraph there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

" (aa) section 4A ",

and in subsection (2), after the words " this Act " there shall be inserted the words " (either as originally enacted or as amended by the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968) or of section 5 of that Act ".

Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968

Ch. 9

175

(4) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums so payable under section 19 of the principal Act (which relates to expenses).

(5) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that section 4A of the principal Act shall have effect, subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be specified in the Order, in relation to persons entering the United Kingdom by land as it has effect in relation to persons landing in the United Kingdom from a ship or aircraft; and any such Order may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in Council under this subsection.

(6) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty to make an Order in Council under subsection (5) of this section unless a draft of the Order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(7) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

7.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968; and the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962 and this Act may be cited together as the Commonwealth Immigrants Acts 1962 and 1968.

(2) This Act, except sections 3 and 5, shall come into operation on the day after the day on which it is passed; and sections 3 and 5 of this Act shall come into operation at the end of the period of eight days beginning with the day on which it is passed.

F* 4

Short title, citation and commencement.

1962 c. 21.

176

Ch. 10

Transport Holding Company Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 10

Objects and powers of Transport Holding Company.

1962 c. 46.

An Act to amend or clarify the provisions of section 29 of the Transport Act 1962 with respect to the objects and powers of the Transport Holding Company.

[6th March 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In subsection (11) of section 29 of the Transport Act 1962 (which provides that the aggregate principal amount outstanding in respect of money borrowed by the Transport Holding Company established under that section otherwise than from a subsidiary of that Company shall not at any time exceed thirty million pounds), for the word "thirty " there shall be substituted the words " one hundred ".

(2) For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that, for the purposes of subsections (6) and (8) of the said section 29 (which relate to the objects and powers of the Transport Holding Company)—

(a) any such action with respect to a company as is referred to in paragraph (i) or (ii) of the said subsection (6) taken by the Transport Holding Company whether before or after the passing of this Act shall be regarded as taken for the objects specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection if the principal activities of the company consist of the provision of transport services or facilities or the manufacture of road vehicles; and

(b) the said paragraphs (a) and ( )and the said subsection

(8) apply to any securities vested in the Transport Holding Company by virtue of the exercise of the powers conferred on them by the said paragraphs (i)

Transport Holding Company Act 1968

Ch. 10

177

and (ii) as they apply to the securities vested in them by virtue of the said Act of 1962.

2. This Act may be cited as the Transport Holding Company Short title. Act 1968.

Withdrawal

of part of

selective

employment

payments

outside

development

areas.

1966 c. 32.

Revenue Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 11

An Act to reduce the amount of certain payments under the Selective Employment Payments Act 1966 with exceptions for development areas, and to amend the law about export rebates.

[13th March 1968]

Most Gracious Sovereign

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to make such provision as respects export rebates as is hereinafter set out; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subsections (2), (3) and (4) of this section have effect as respects any payments under the Selective Employment Payments Act 1966 (in this section called the " Act of 1966 ") for any contribution week beginning on or after 1st April 1968.

(2) No addition to the refund of tax shall be added to a payment under section 1 of the Act of 1966 unless the relevant establishment is situated wholly within a development area.

(3) Paragraph (a) of section 3(2) of the Act of 1966 (public bodies: amount of certain payments to correspond to tax paid plus appropriate addition) shall only apply if the employment there described (employment in a part of an undertaking specified in Part III of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1966) is employment at or from places situated wholly within a development area, and paragraph (b) of the said section 3(2) (amount of payments to correspond to tax paid) shall apply to cases hereby excluded from paragraph (a).

Revenue Act 1968

Ch. 11

179

(4) In accordance with subsection (3) above, in the said section 3(2 )(d)after the word "Schedule " there shall be inserted the words "and was employment at or from places situated wholly within a development area

(5) For cases where payments which include an addition to the refund of tax, or payments corresponding to such payments, have been paid in connection with any establishment or part of an undertaking for contribution weeks beginning on or after 1st April 1968, but cease to be payable by reason of a change in the development areas, the Treasury may by order provide for additions to the refund of tax, or corresponding payments, to continue to be paid under the Act of 1966 in connection with the establishment or part of an undertaking for such period as may be so specified in the order, and of such amount or amounts as may be specified either in relation to the whole of that period or in relation to different parts of that period.

An order under this subsection—

(a) may be made either in relation to all development areas

or in relation only to such development areas or parts of development areas as are specified in the order,

(b) shall be made by statutory instrument, and

(c) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under

this subsection,

but no order shall be made under this subsection unless a draft thereof has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

(6) In this section—

" development area " has the same meaning as in section 26 of the Finance Act 1967,

"addition to the refund of tax" means any addition (to the amount of tax paid) under paragraphs (a) to (d) of section 1(1) of the Act of 1966,

"relevant establishment" in relation to a payment under section 1 of the Act of 1966, and in respect of a person in an employment to which that section applies, means the establishment in or from which the employment is carried out.

(7) This section shall be construed as one with the Act of 1966.

(8) For any contribution week beginning on or after 1st April

1968 paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and of section 1(1) of the Act

of 1966 shall cease to have effect except where the relevant establishment is situated wholly within a development area, and except as applied by section 3(2)(a) of that Act.

(9) This section does not extend to Northern Ireland.

1967 c. 54.

180

Ch. 11

Revenue Act 1968

Termination of export rebates.

1964 c. 92.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no rebate shall be payable under section 7 of the Finance (No. 2) Act 1964 (export rebates)—

(a) in respect of goods exported from the United Kingdom after 31st March 1968, or (b) if the relevant transaction is a sale made after 31st March 1968, in respect of goods exported from the United Kingdom on or before 31st March 1968.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall not apply if the relevant transaction (for cases within paragraph (a) as well as cases within paragraph (b) of that subsection) is a written contract of sale, or a sale in pursuance of a written contract of sale, and the Board of Trade are satisfied as respects that contract of sale, on a written application made to them not later than the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the passing of this Act—

(a) that the contract of sale was made before 19th November

1967,

(b) that the contract satisfies the conditions in subsection (3)

or as the case may be subsection (4) below,

and issue to the applicant a certificate in writing to the effect that they are so satisfied.

(3) Where the price for the goods is expressed in sterling, the said conditions are that there is no provision for the alteration of the terms of the contract on a change in the exchange rate of sterling with any other currency or medium of exchange, or on the withdrawal of export rebates, and—

(a) either that the price for the goods is payable in sterling, or

(b) where the price for the goods is not payable in sterling, that there is no provision for the conversion of the expressed sterling price into the currency in which the price is payable to be at a rate of exchange which was the rate prevailing at some time before 19th November 1967.

(4) Where the price for the goods is not expressed in sterling, the said conditions are—

(a) either that the price is payable in sterling and the contract provided for the conversion of the expressed price into sterling at a rate of exchange which was the rate prevailing at some time before 19th November 1967, or (b) that the price is not payable in sterling and the contract provided for the price to be reduced on a change in the exchange rate of sterling with the currency in which the price is expressed, and in either case that there is no provision for the alteration of the terms of the contract on the withdrawal of export rebates.

Revenue Act 1968

Ch. 11

181

(5) The Schedule to this Act shall have effect for supplementing this section.

(6) In this and the next following section, and in the said Schedule, "relevant transaction" means the transaction by virtue of which an application for the rebate in question is made.

(7) This and the next following section and the said Schedule

shall be construed as one with section 7 of the Finance (No. 2) 1964 c. 92. Act 1964.

3.—(1) The Treasury may by order direct that rebate shall. Re* notwithstanding section 2 above and paragraph 1 of the Schedule introduction to this Act, be payable under section 7 of the Finance (No. 2) abates11 Act 1964 in respect of goods exported from the United Kingdom on or after the date specified in the order.

(2) An order under this section may be made to apply only in respect of goods shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been consigned to countries or territories specified in the order, or to apply only in respect of goods shown to die satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been exported for use in countries or territories so specified, and may exclude cases where the relevant transaction is a sale or hiring effected after the export of the goods.

(3) An order under this section—

(a) may exclude or modify any of the provisions of para-

graphs 8 to 11 of the Schedule to this Act,

(b) may contain such transitional and other supplemental and incidental provisions as appear to the Treasury to be expedient,

(c) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under

this section.

(4) An order under this section shall be laid before the House of Commons after being made, and the order shall cease to have effect at the end of twenty-eight days after that on which it is made (but without prejudice to the payment of rebate by reference to a previous relevant transaction or to the making of a new order) unless at some time before the end of those twenty-eight days the order is approved by resolution of the House of Commons.

In reckoning for the purposes of this subsection any period of twenty-eight days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which the House of Commons is adjourned for more than four days.

(5) An order under subsection (3)(c) above which terminates export rebates either generally, or in respect of goods consigned

Ch. 11

Revenue Act 1968

to a specified country or territory, may apply, subject to the modifications and exceptions specified in the order, the provisions of section 2 above, and of the Schedule to this Act:

Provided that in applying the Schedule to this Act its penal provisions shall not be modified by enlarging the circumstances in which a criminal offence is committed, or by authorising a new or increased penalty.

4. This Act may be cited as the Revenue Act 1968.

Revenue Act 1968

Ch. 11

183

SCHEDULE Section 2.

EXPORT rebates: SUPPLEMENTAL Termination of export rebates for hired goods

1. Subject to paragraph 2 below, no rebate shall be payable under

section 7 of the Finance (No. 2) Act 1964 in respect of goods exported 1964 c. 92. from the United Kingdom on or before 31st March 1968 if the relevant transaction—

(a) is a hiring made, or under which possession of the goods passes, after 31st March 1968, or (b) is a contract of hire which does not specify the period of hiring, or a hiring pursuant to such a contract, and on 31st March 1968 the goods have not been on hire outside the United Kingdom pursuant to the contract for one year or more.

2. —(1) Neither section 2(1) of this Act nor paragraph 1 above shall apply if the relevant transaction is a written contract of hire, or a hiring in pursuance of a written contract of hire, and the Board of Trade are satisfied, on a written application made to them not later than the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the passing of this Act—

(a) that the contract was made before 19th November 1967,

(b) that the contract satisfies the conditions in sub-paragraph (2) or as the case may be sub-paragraph (3) below,

and issue to the applicant a certificate in writing to the effect that they are so satisfied

(2) Where the consideration payable for the hiring is expressed in sterling, the said conditions are that there is no provision for the alteration of the terms of the contract on a change in the exchange rate of sterling with any other currency or medium of exchange, or on the withdrawal of export rebates, and—

(a) either that the consideration is payable in sterling, or

(b) where the consideration is not payable in sterling, that there is no provision for the conversion of the expressed sterling amount into the currency in which the consideration is payable to be at a rate of exchange which was the rate prevailing at some time before 19th November 1967.

(3) Where the consideration payable for the hiring is not expressed in sterling, the said conditions are—

(a) either that the consideration is payable in sterling and the contract provided for the conversion of the expressed amount into sterling at a rate of exchange which was the rate prevailing at some time before 19th November 1967, or (b)that the consideration is not payable in sterling and the contract provided for the expressed amount to be reduced on a change in the exchange rate of sterling with the currency in which it is expressed,

and in either case that there is no provision for the alteration of the terms of the contract on the withdrawal of export rebates.

184

Ch. 11

Revenue Act 1968

Board of Trade certificates

3.—(1) An application to the Board of Trade for a certificate under this Act shall be made in such form and manner, and shall contain such particulars, as the Board may direct.

(2) If before the passing of this Act, and in accordance with arrangements made by the Board of Trade, any person has made an application to the Board as respects a contract made before 19th November 1967 with a view to obtaining relief under this Act, the Board of Trade may if they think fit treat the application as if made under this Act.

1964 c. 92. 4. On any application under section 7 of the Finance (No. 2) Act

1964 for export rebate payable by virtue of a certificate of the Board of Trade under this Act the Commissioners may require the applicant to produce the certificate and to make a declaration in such form and manner, and containing such particulars, as the Commissioners may direct, stating that the facts stated in the application to the Board of Trade for the certificate were true.

5. —(1) Any officer or person authorised by the Board of Trade may require any person who has been concerned with a contract in respect of which an application has been made (before or after the passing of this Act) to the Board of Trade for a certificate under this Act, or with any goods to which such a contract relates, to furnish, within such time as that officer or person may require, such information as may be reasonably necessary to enable the Board of Trade to determine whether a certificate should be issued in respect of that contract, or whether any certificate so issued should be cancelled under paragraph 6 below, and to produce any books or accounts or other document of whatever nature relating to the contract, or to those goods, for inspection by that officer or person at such time and place as he may require.

(2) Any such officer or person shall be entitled to take extracts from or make copies of any document produced to him under sub-paragraph (1) above.

(3) If any person fails to comply with any requirement under sub-paragraph (1) above he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding—

(a) in the case of a first offence under this paragraph, £100, and

(b) in the case of a second or subsequent offence under this paragraph, £200.

6. —(1) The Board of Trade may at any time cancel a certificate issued by them if they discover any fact not taken into account by them in deciding to issue the certificate.

(2) The Board of Trade shall forthwith notify the applicant of the cancellation of the certificate.

(3) The Commissioners may require a person to whom a rebate has been paid by virtue of a certificate of the Board of Trade cancelled under this paragraph to repay the whole or any part of that rebate, or may withhold the whole or any part of any rebate which would, but for the cancellation of the certificate, be payable to any person.

Revenue Act 1968

Ch. 11

7.—(1) If after the passing of this Act any person, for the purpose of inducing the Board of Trade to issue a certificate under this Act, makes any statement or furnishes any document or information which to his knowledge is false in a material particular or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular, he shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200,

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding two years, or to both.

(2) No proceedings for an offence under this paragraph shall be instituted except by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions or the Board of Trade.

Early payment of export rebates

8. —(1) This paragraph has effect as respects any export rebates payable by virtue of a certificate issued by the Board of Trade under this Act

(2) If it appears to the Commissioners that it is practicable to determine the amount of any such rebate which will become payable if the terms of the contract to which the certificate relates are carried out, they may, at any time after the appointed date, pay the rebate notwithstanding that one or more of the conditions for the payment of the rebate mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b), ( ) and (d) of section

7(2) of the Finance (No. 2) Act 1964 has not then been satisfied, but 1964 c. 92. subject to such conditions as the Commissioners think necessary for securing the repayment of the whole or any part of the rebate if the conditions in die said section 7(2) are not all satisfied within such time as they may determine.

(3) In considering whether it is practicable to determine the amount of any such rebate the Commissioners shall take account of the provisions of the next following paragraph (which modify certain provisions in Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1964 depending on facts which cannot be ascertained on the appointed date).

(4) In this and the next following paragraph " the appointed date " means such date, not earlier than 31st December 1968, as the Treasury may by order in a statutory instrument appoint.

9. —(1) Schedule 3 to the Finance (No. 2) Act 1964 (ascertainment of export value) shall apply to export rebates payable by virtue of a certificate issued by the Board of Trade under this Act subject to the modifications in this paragraph.

(2) In paragraph 2(3) and in paragraph 3(3) (discount for purchase price or rental payable twelve months or more after time when property or possession passes), as they apply to cases where that time cannot be ascertained on the appointed date, for the references to that time there shall be substituted a reference to the appointed date.

(3) In the said paragraph 2(3) and the said paragraph 3(3) for the reference to the bank rate prevailing at the time when property or

186

Ch. 11

Revenue Act 1968

possession passes there shall be substituted a reference to the bank rate prevailing at that time or on the appointed date, whichever is the earlier.

(4) In paragraph 4(1) (comparison with open market value at time of export) for the reference to the time of export there shall be substituted a reference to that time or the appointed date, whichever is the earlier.

(5) In paragraph 4(3) (comparison with open market value at time of sale after export) for the reference to that time there shall be substituted a reference to that time or the appointed date, whichever is the earlier.

Exclusion of applications for small amounts

10. Section 7(8) of the said Act of 1964 (no rebate unless export value of goods covered by applications in any one year is £2,000 or more) shall apply to the half year from 1st October 1967 to 31st March 1968 as if it were a year, but with the substitution of £1,000 for £2,000.

11. —(1) If on an application as respects any period beginning after 31st March 1968 the applicant so elects by notice in writing to the Commissioners, sub-paragraph (2) below shall apply to the application, and shall so apply in substitution for the said section 7(8).

(2) An applicant shall not be eligible for a rebate by virtue of the application unless the export value of the goods to which the application relates (determined in accordance with Schedule 3 to the Act of 1964) is not less than £500.

Ch. 12

187

Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 12

An Act to amend the law in Scotland relating to the superannuation and other benefits payable to or in respect of teachers and certain other persons employed in connection with the provision of educational services, and for connected purposes.

[13th March, 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Personal Superannuation Benefits

1.—(1) There shall be payable by the Secretary of State to or in respect of teachers such superannuation benefits as may, in accordance with this Part of this Act, be provided for by regulations made by him.

(2) Regulations so made shall make provision for determining the service which is to be reckonable service for the purpose of enabling teachers to qualify for superannuation benefits under the regulations or for other purposes of this Part of this Act, and the period of reckonable service which must be completed and any other requirements which must be fulfilled to entitle a teacher or his personal representatives to superannuation benefits.

(3) Subject to the last foregoing subsection, the regulations made for the purposes of this section shall provide—

(a) for the payment of allowances in accordance with section 2 of this Act to retired teachers who have attained such age as may be prescribed for this purpose; and

Superannuation benefits for teachers.

188

Part J

Annual and

additional

allowances.

Ch. 12 Teachers Superannuation ( ) Act 1968

(b) for the payment of allowances in accordance with that

section to retired teachers who, before attaining such age as may be prescribed for this purpose, have become, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, incapacitated; and

(c) for the^ payment of gratuities to retired teachers who,

before attaining the age of seventy, have become, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, incapacitated, and are not entitled to the allowances above referred to; and

(d) for the payment of gratuities to the personal representatives of teachers who die while still employed in reckonable service or who die in such other circumstances as may be prescribed.

(4) The inclusion in the following provisions of this Act of any specific power to make regulations shall not be taken as prejudicing the generality of the power to make regulations under this section.

(5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act—

" retired teacher " means a teacher who has ceased to be employed in reckonable service; and

" incapacitated " means permanently incapable through infirmity of mind or body of serving efficiently as a teacher in reckonable service.

2.—(1) The allowances payable to retired teachers in accordance with regulations made by virtue of section 1(3) (a) and (b) of this Act shall consist of an annual allowance for life and an additional allowance by way of lump sum payment, both allowances being calculated by reference to the period of the teacher’s reckonable service and to his average salary.

(2) The rate of the annual allowance shall not exceed an amount equal to one-eightieth of the average salary multiplied by the number of years (subject to the maximum specified in subsection (4) of this section) of the reckonable service.

(3) The amount of the additional allowance shall not exceed an amount equal to the appropriate fraction of the average salary multiplied by the number of years (subject to the maximum specified in subsection (4) of this section) of the reckonable service, and the appropriate fraction is three-eightieths for service on or after 1st October 1956 and one-thirtieth for service before that date.

(4) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, for the purpose of calculating the amount of the annual allowance and of the

Teachers Superannuation ( Scot) Act 1968 Ch. 12

189

additional allowance, no account shall be taken of any reckon- Part I able service—

(a) beyond a total of forty-five years; or

(b) beyond a total of forty years before attaining the age

of sixty years.

(5) For the purpose of calculating additional allowances in the case of teachers whose reckonable service includes service before 1st October 1956—

(a) any service to be disregarded by virtue of subsection

(4)(a) of this section shall be taken from the beginning of the period of the reckonable service; and

(b) subsection (4 )(b) of this section shall not apply, but

the amount of the additional allowance so far as attributable to service before attaining the age of sixty shall not exceed one-and-a-half times (the average salary.

(6) Where a teacher becomes entitled to the allowances as having become incapacitated, and does so before attaining the age of sixty-five and without having completed twenty years of reckonable service, the allowances shall be calculated as if the teacher had completed such period of reckonable service not exceeding twenty years as may be prescribed, and (in order to determine the appropriate fraction for calculating the additional allowance) as if die additional period of reckonable service had been a continuous period immediately preceding the actual commencement of the reckonable service.

3.—(1) For the purpose of defraying the cost of superannua- Financing of tion benefits payable by the Secretary of State under this Part of benefits, this Act, contributions shall be paid to the Secretary of State by teachers and their employers in accordance with die following provisions of this section.

(2) Contributions under this section shall be payable only in respect of teachers to whom regulations made under this Part of this Act for the time being apply.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the contributions payable in respect of a teacher by the teacher shall be of an amount equal to six per cent, of his salary for the time being; but regulations shall—

(a) provide that, in such cases and on such conditions as

may be prescribed, contributions paid by a teacher shall be repaid to him or to his personal representatives if he has ceased to be employed in reckonable service without any allowance or gratuity becoming payable to or in respect of him under this Part of this Act; and

(b) provide for determining the method by which the amount

to be repaid in respect of those contributions and of interest thereon is to be ascertained.

190

Part!

Calculation of salary and average salary.

Ch. 12 Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968

(4) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the contributions payable in respect of a teacher by his employer shall be of an amount equal to six per cent, of the teacher’s salary for the time being, together with any supplementary contributions required as mentioned in section 5(3) of this Act and calculated by reference to die teacher’s salary for the time being.

4.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the salary of a teacher shall be taken, subject to subsection (2) of this section, to be the aggregate of the emoluments, whether in money or in kind, receivable by the teacher in respect of his employment in reckonable service, but shall exclude such moneys or other emoluments as may be prescribed:

Provided that the Secretary of State shall have power in such cases as he may think fit to make a direction disapplying any such exclusion.

(2) Where a teacher is by reason of sickness receiving less than his full salary, then, for the purpose of calculating the amounts payable by way of contributions in respect of him under section 3 of this Act, the amount which he is so receiving shall be deemed to be his salary.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the average salary of a teacher for the purposes of regulations under this Act shall be taken to be the average amount of his full salary calculated under subsection (1) of this section, in respect of his employment in reckonable service or other prescribed service during the three years of such service (whether continuous or not) next preceding the commencement of any annual allowance, or the grant of any additional allowance or gratuity, payable under this Part of this Act.

(4) If a teacher has not been employed in reckonable service or other prescribed service for three years or more, his average salary shall be calculated by reference to the period during which he has been so employed; and regulations may provide that, in the case of a teacher who has completed forty-five years’ service of a prescribed description, his average salary shall be calculated by reference to a period determined under the regulations instead of the period appropriate under subsection (3) of this section.

(5) If, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, the salary of a teacher has been unreasonably increased in respect of his employment during any period to be taken into account in calculating his average salary, the salary on which his average salary is to be computed shall be deemed to be such amount as the Secretary of State considers to be proper.

Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968 Ch. 12 191

(6) Regulations may make provision containing such con- Parti ditions as may be prescribed enabling a teacher who suffers a reduction in his salary while continuing to be employed, or upon being re-employed, in reckonable service, or upon being employed in reckonable service after employment in such other service as may be prescribed, to elect to be treated for the purposes of any obligation to pay contributions and any entitlement to superannuation benefits as if he were in receipt of the salary at which he was last employed before the reduction:

Provided that the teacher may at any time withdraw an election made under this subsection in such manner as may be prescribed.

5.—(1) An account shall be kept of the revenue and expendi- Accounts and ture under this Part of this Act as provided by Part I of Schedule actuarial 1 to this Act ,nqmries-

(2) The Secretary of State shall cause an actuarial inquiry and report thereon to be made every five years, as provided by Part II of Schedule 1 to this Act for the purpose of determining—

(a) whether, on the basis of the teachers superannuation

account, the contributions payable under section 3 of this Act are sufficient, more than sufficient, or less than sufficient to support the expenditure required to be included in that account so far as attributable to service on or after 1st June 1922; and

(b) if those contributions are found, as provided by Part II

of Schedule 1 to this Act, to be not sufficient, what supplementary contributions are required from employers to make good the deficiency as so provided.

(3) Where a report requires supplementary contributions to be paid by employers, such contributions shall be required in respect of any period after the expiry of the accounting period in which the report is made and before the expiry of the accounting period in which the next subsequent report is made in pursuance of this section.

(4) The Secretary of State shall cause to be laid before each House of Parliament the report made on each actuarial inquiry held in pursuance of this section.

6. Regulations may make any of the provisions specified in Provisions Schedule 2 to this Act, which relate to liability for contribu- relatin8 to tions and to reducing, suspending, withholding or endingandtenefitsS superannuation benefits under this Part of this Act in certain cases.

192

Ch. 12 Teachers Superannuation ( ) Act 1968

Pensions for widows, widowers, children and dependants.

Contributions to finance pensions for widows and other dependants.

Part II

Pensions for Widows and other Dependants

7. —(1) The Secretary of State may provide by regulations for the payment of pensions of such amounts, in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed, to or in respect of the widows or widowers and die children or other dependants of teachers who die on or after 1st April 1965.

(2) Regulations under this section shall provide for the establishment of a fund—

(a) into which shall be paid all contributions received by

the Secretary of State as mentioned in section 8 of this Act and such other sums as may be prescribed; and

(b) out of which shall be paid the pensions referred to in

subsection (1) of this section and such other sums as may be prescribed.

(3) Regulations under this section—

(a) shall provide for the establishment of a board of manage-

ment to undertake the management of the fund and to exercise such other powers and functions in relation to the pensions referred to in subsection (1) of this section as may be determined in accordance with the regulations; and

(b) shall provide for the payment by the Secretary of State of any administrative expenses incurred for the purposes of this Part of this Act and the payment by him, to the members of the board of management, of such travelling, subsistence and other allowances as he may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

8. —(1) Regulations made under section 7 of this Act shall require the payment to the Secretary of State, in such cases as may be prescribed,—

(a) of contributions by teachers of such amounts as may be

determined in accordance with the regulations;

(b) of a single contribution, by or in respect of a teacher,

of such amount as may be so determined.

(2) Except where the regulations otherwise provide, they shall require any such payment as is referred to in subsection (l)(b) of this section to be made by the surrender of the whole or a proportion of any additional allowance or gratuity payable under Part I of this Act to or in respect of the teacher in question, or of any sum payable to or in respect of him by way of return of personal superannuation contributions.

Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968 Ch. 12

193

(3) Regulations under section 7 of this Act shall provide that, part n in such cases and on such conditions as may be prescribed, all

or part of the contributions paid by a teacher as mentioned in subsection (l)(a) of this section shall be repaid to him or his personal representatives, and shall also provide for determining the method by which the amount to be repaid in respect of those contributions and of interest thereon is to be ascertained.

(4) Any amounts required to be repaid as mentioned in subsection (3) of this section shall be repaid out of the fund referred to in section 7 of this Act.

9.—(1) Where, in such cases as may be prescribed, a person Preservation becomes employed in reckonable service after having been of benefits on engaged in employment in relation to which provision is made transferof for payments to be made to or for the benefit of the dependants cmP1°yilieilt-of persons engaged in that employment, provision may be made by regulations under section 7 of this Act for the payment into the fluid referred to in that section of a payment in respect of some or all of his previous employment.

(2) Where, in such cases as may be prescribed, a teacher ceases to be employed in reckonable service and takes up other employment in relation to which provision is made for such payments as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, then for the purpose of enabling some or all of the teacher’s employment in reckonable service to be taken into account in determining the amount of any such payment which may become payable to or in respect of his dependants, provision may be made by regulations under section 7 of this Act for the payment, out of the fund referred to in that section, of such sum as may be determined in accordance with the regulations.

Part III Miscellaneous and General

19.—(1) Regulations under this section may provide that such Application provisions of this Act and of regulations made under this Act of Act to as may be prescribed shall apply in relation to such teachers or teacl)®3 ?ot other persons to whom this section applies as may be prescribed. r^Jble

(2) Any application, by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, and of any provision of this Act or of regulations made thereunder °

may be made subject to any modifications or exceptions specified in die regulations.

(3) This section applies to teachers who are not for the time being engaged in reckonable service and to persons who are not teachers but who are engaged in employment which involves the performance of duties in connection with the provision of education or of services ancillary to education.

G

194

Ch. 12 Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968

Part III

Application of Act to part-time teachers and teachers whose reckonable service is temporarily discontinued.

Collection of contributions.

Payment of deferred annuities.

1898 c. 57.

Payment of benefits on death.

Protection of benefits from creditors.

11. —(1) In their application to teachers who are not full-time teachers, the provisions of sections 3 to 5 of and Schedule 1 to this Act and of regulations made under this Act shall have effect subject to such modifications and exceptions as may be specified in the regulations.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations enabling a teacher whose employment in reckonable service is discontinued for a period, not exceeding such maximum period as may be determined in accordance with the regulations to be appropriate in his case, to pay contributions in respect of that period of such amounts as may be so determined; and the regulations may provide that any period during which such contributions are paid shall be treated as a period of reckonable service for the purposes of such provisions of sections 3 to 5 of and Schedule 1 to this Act and of regulations made under this Act as may be prescribed.

12. —(1) Regulations may provide that, in such cases as may be prescribed, sums payable by teachers in respect of contributions shall be deducted from their salaries by their employers.

(2) Regulations may make provision for—

(a) the collection of sums deducted as mentioned in sub-

section (1) of this section and of employers' contributions by deductions from grants payable out of moneys provided by Parliament;

(b) the charging of interest at such rate as may from time to time be prescribed on contributions which have not been duly paid to the Secretary of State for the purposes of this Act.

13. All deferred annuities payable in respect of Scottish contributions to the deferred annuity fund established under the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act 1898 shall be paid by the Secretary of State; and any sums required by the Secretary of State for making payments under this section shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund.

14. Regulations may authorise the payment, without confirmation or other proof of title, of any sum due under this Act in respect of a teacher or any other person who has died, to his personal representatives or such other persons as may be prescribed.

15. Provision may be made by regulations rendering void any assignation of or charge on. or any agreement to assign or charge, any allowance, gratuity or pension payable under this Act, and the regulations may provide that, on the sequestration of the estate of a person entitled to such allowance, gratuity or

Teachers Superannuation ( Scot) Act 1968 Ch. 12

195

pension, no part thereof shall pass to any trustee or other PaktIII person acting on behalf of the creditors except in accordance with an order made by a court in pursuance of any enactment specified in the regulations.

16.—(1) Any person who, by means of any false representa- offences tion, statement or document which he knows to be false, or by relating to personation or other fraudulent means, obtains or attempts to obtaining obtain, for himself or any other person,— ticmb^Ss.

(a) any benefit or payment to which this section applies, or

(b) any increase in, or any sum in respect of, a benefit or payment to which this section applies.

shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine or both, and on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding £100 or both.

(2) In subsection (1) of this section—

(a) any reference to a benefit to which this section applies

is a reference to any allowance, gratuity or pension payable under any provision of this Act or any regulations made thereunder, and

(b) any reference to a payment to which this section applies

is a reference to the payment of any sum by way of return of contributions.

17. In addition to the functions conferred on the Government Functions of Actuary or the Deputy Government Actuary by Schedule 1 to this Government Act, regulations may confer on them such other functions for Actuafy-the purposes of this Act as may be prescribed.

18. —(1) Any reference in this Act to regulations is a refer- Regulations, ence to regulations made by the Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury.

(2) Regulations so made may provide for the reference to the Secretary of State of questions arising under the Teachers Superannuation Scheme and under any regulations made or deemed to have been made under the Act of 1962 or made under this Act and may provide that his decision on any question so referred shall be final.

(3) Regulations so made may contain such incidental, supplementary and consequential provisions as appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient, including provision requiring the giving of information and the production of documents.

196

Ch. 12 Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968

Part m

Financial

provisions.

1939 c. 20.

Interpretation. 1962 c. 47.

(4) Regulations so made may provide for the making by the Secretary of State of rules for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder.

(5) Before making regulations under any provision of this Act, the Secretary of State shall consult with representatives of education authorities, teachers and other bodies appearing to him to be likely to be affected by the proposed regulations.

(6) Regulations so made and rules made in pursuance of subsection (4) of this section shall be made by statutory instrument, and such regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(7) Regulations so made shall prescribe the date upon which the regulations are to come into operation, and different dates may be prescribed for different parts of the regulations, and any date so prescribed may be a date earlier than the date upon which the regulations are made, so, however, that so much of any regulations as provides that any provision thereof is to have effect from a date prior to the making of any regulations shall not place any teacher affected by them in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had been made to have effect only as from the date of the making thereof.

19. —(1) Except as provided by section 7(2) (a) of this Act, any sums received by the Secretary of State by virtue of any provision of this Act or of regulations made thereunder shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(2) Except as provided by section 7(2) of this Act, there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in die payment of any allowance, gratuity or other sum which is payable to or in respect of a teacher or any other person in consequence of any provision of this Act or of regulations made thereunder.

(3) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament all other expenses, so far as they are not met under section 1(2) of the Reorganisation of Offices (Scotland) Act 1939, which are incurred by the Secretary of State in the exercise of his functions under this Act.

20. —(1) In this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise requires,—

" the Act of 1962 " means the Education (Scotland) Act 1962;

" the appointed day " means such day as may be appointed for the purposes of section 21 of this Act by regulations;

Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968 Ch. 12

197

" contributions " means contributions payable under section Part m 3 of this Act (including any supplementary contributions so payable) or under regulations made under any provision of this Act;

"personal superannuation contributions" means all contributions other than those which, by virtue of regulations under Part II or Part III of this Act, are required to be paid into the fund established as mentioned in section 7 of this Act;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State;

" reckonable service " means service which, in accordance with regulations made by virtue of section 1(2) of this Act, is to be reckonable service for the purposes mentioned in that section;

" the teachers superannuation account " means the account required to be kept under section 5(1) of this Act;

"the Teachers Superannuation Scheme" has the same meaning as in section 145(47) of the Act of 1962;

" the Teachers (Superannuation) Regulations " has the same meaning as in section 145(48) of the Act of 1962.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, the employer of a teacher shall include an education authority, governing body or other body of managers by whom a teacher is employed.

(3) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be taken as referring to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

21.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Provisions on the appointed day— consequential

on coming

(a) such provisions of the enactments specified in Schedule 3 into force of

to tins Act as are specified in column 3 of that Schedule regulations and

shall cease to have effect; transitional

provisions.

(b) any regulations and rules made under any of the pro-

visions referred to in the foregoing paragraph which are in force immediately before the appointed day shall cease to have effect.

(2) Except as may be provided by regulations, nothing in this section or in any regulations made under any provision of this Act shall affect the operation of any provision of Part IV of the Act of 1962 or of any such regulations or rules as are

198

Ch. 12 Teachers Superannuation 0 ) Act 1968

Part m

Repeals.

Short title, citation and extent.

1939 c. 96.

1956 c. 53.

referred to in paragraph (h) of the foregoing subsection in relation to—

(a) any benefit or deferred annuity payable under that Act

or under any such regulations or rules before the appointed day;

(b) any liability to pay contributions in respect of the person to or in respect of whom any such benefit or deferred annuity is payable.

(3) Regulations may make provision extending, in any case specified in the regulations—

(a) any reference in any enactment to service as defined

in the Teachers Superannuation Scheme or to first class service so as to include a reference to reckonable service; and

(b) any reference in any enactment to benefits, or to sums

paid or payable, under the Teachers Superannuation Scheme or the Teachers (Superannuation) Regulations, so as to include a reference to superannuation benefits of a prescribed description, or, as the case may be, to sums paid or payable under regulations made under any provision of this Act.

(4) Any actuarial inquiry which immediately before the appointed day is in the course of being made under section 107 of the Act of 1962 shall be treated as if it were being made under section 5 of this Act, and the provisions of the said section 5 shall apply accordingly.

22. The enactments specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are hereby repealed as from the appointed day to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule.

23. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968.

(2) The Education (Scotland) (War Service Superannuation) Act 1939, the Teachers (Superannuation) Act 1956 and this Act may be cited together as the Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Acts 1939 to 1968.

(3) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968 Ch. 12

199

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Sections 5,11.

Accounts and Actuarial Inquiries Part I

Teachers Superannuation Account

1. The accounting period for which the teachers superannuation account is to be made up shall be the period of twelve months beginning on 1st April in each year.

2. The teachers superannuation account shall be kept in such form and prepared in such manner as may be determined by the Secretary of State after consultation with the Treasury.

3. There shall be treated as having been paid into the revenue of the teachers superannuation account for each accounting period—

(a) by teachers the amount of personal superannuation contributions paid by them which are attributable to the period;

(b) by the employers of teachers, the amount of personal super-

annuation contributions (including supplementary contributions) paid by them which are attributable to the period;

(c) out of moneys provided by Parliament a sum equal to the

expenditure during the period upon superannuation and other allowances attributable to service before 1st June 1922;

(d) a sum representing interest at such rate as may be determined in accordance with regulations on the amount of any balance of revenue over expenditure remaining at the end of the last preceding accounting period, and a further sum representing interest at such rate as may be determined as aforesaid on any balance of revenue (other than that further sum) over expenditure during the accounting period in question, and any such regulations may make different provision for different balances and different accounting periods and may provide as respects any balance to which the regulations relate—

(i) for the determination of the rate of interest on that balance on the basis of a notional investment of that balance, or of any part or parts thereof, made after consultation with the Government Actuary; and

(ii) for different rates of interest, or different methods of determining the rates of interest, for different parts of that balance;

(e) the amount of any balance of revenue over expenditure

remaining at the end of the last preceding accounting period; and

(/) any other revenue attributable to the period.

200

Ch. 12 Teachers Superannuation ( ) Act 1968

Sch 1 4. Expenditure upon superannuation and other allowances attri-

butable to service before 1st June 1922 shall be shown separately from expenditure, attributable to service on or after 1st June 1922, on allowances, gratuities and the return of contributions.

Part n

Actuarial Inquiries

5. Every such actuarial inquiry as is referred to in section 5 of this Act and the report upon each inquiry shall be made by the Government Actuary or the Deputy Government Actuary.

6. The first such inquiry after the commencement of this Act shall be made at the end of the accounting period ending 31st March 1971 and subsequent inquiries shall be held at the end of every fifth subsequent accounting period of the teachers superannuation account

7. An inquiry made in pursuance of section 5 of this Act shall determine whether the value, at the end of the period for which the inquiry is made, of the expenditure (attributable to service on or ate1 1st June 1922) required to be included in the teachers superannuation account ate the end of that period in respect of teachers who then were employed in reckonable service or had previously been employed in reckonable service exceeds the aggregate of—

(a) the value at the end of that period of the personal superannua-

tion contributions payable after the end of that period in respect of such teachers and of the sums falling to be credited to the teachers superannuation account after the end of that period in accordance with paragraphs (d) and (/) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule; and

(b) the balance of revenue over expenditure remaining in the teachers superannuation account at the end of that period.

8. Where an actuarial inquiry reveals such a deficiency as is mentioned in paragraph 7 of this Schedule, the report of the inquiry shall specifiy the rate per cent, (being a rate of one-quarter of one per cent or a multiple of one-quarter of one per cent.) at which supplementary contributions are required in respect of the salaries of teachers to whom regulations under section 3(2) of this Act apply in order to make good the deficiency by the expiry of a period of forty years beginning with the accounting period next after that in which the report is made.

Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968 Ch. 12

201

SCHEDULE 2 Section 6.

Provisions Relating to Contributions and Benefits Provisions affecting liability for contributions

1. Provision for securing that no contributions are payable in respect of a teacher for any period after he has completed forty-five years' service of a prescribed description.

2. Provision for securing that any teacher in reckonable service shall not in respect of that service be liable to pay personal superannuation contributions or be entitled to receive superannuation benefits otherwise than under this Act or regulations made under this Act

Provisions reducing or suspending benefits .

3. Provision for reducing the amount of any allowance or gratuity payable under Part I of this Act to or in respect of a teacher in such cases as may be prescribed where a period of reckonable service counts towards superannuation benefits payable otherwise than under this Act as well as an allowance or gratuity payable under Part I of this Act.

4. Provision for reducing or suspending allowances payable to or in respect of teachers who take up employment after such allowances become payable.

5. Provision for suspending or ending allowances payable to teachers who have ceased to be employed in reckonable service by reason of infirmity, if they recover from their infirmity.

6. Provision for withholding, or reducing the amount of, any allowance or gratuity payable to or in respect of a teacher who has been dismissed or has otherwise ceased to serve as a teacher in consequence of grave misconduct or has been guilty of such misconduct as may be determined in accordance with the regulations to have accelerated his death or retirement and, in such cases as may be so determined, for granting any allowance or gratuity which has been so withheld or paying in full the amount of any allowance or gratuity which has been so reduced.

G*

202

Ch. 12 Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968

Ssctions 21,22. SCHEDULE 3

Enactments Rbpealbd

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Eliz.2. The Education (Scotland) Section 75(1X*>).

c. 47. Act 1962. Part IV. Schedules 3 to 6.

1963 c. 21. The Education (Scotland) Act 1963. Section 3.

1965 c. 7. The Education (Scotland) Act 1965. The whole Act.

1967 c. 28. The Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1967. Section 16.

Ch. 13

203

National Loans Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 13

An Act to establish a National Loans Fund, to substitute the National Loans Fund for the Consolidated Fund in certain enactments, including enactments relating to Government lending and advances, the Exchange Equalisation Account and government annuities, to make profits of the Issue Department of the Bank of England payable into the National Loans Fund and to make other provision as to the said Department, to charge the whole of the national debt on the National Loans Fund, and to amend the law about Government borrowing; to make further provision for loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and to authorise advances out of the National Loans Fund for the purpose of such loans; to transfer to Votes certain payments charged on the Consolidated Fund; and generally to make provision for the management of the Government’s financial business.

[13th March 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Treasury shall have an account at the Bank of The National England, to be called the National Loans Fund. Loans Fund.

(2) Money paid into the National Loans Fund shall form one general fund to meet all outgoings from the Fund, and daily statements of all money paid into and out of the Fund, in such form as the Treasury may direct, shall be sent by the Bank of England to the Comptroller and Auditor General.

(3) The Comptroller and Auditor General shall from time to time at the request of the Treasury grant credits on the National

G* 2

National Loans Act 1968

204 Ch. 13 National Loans Act 1968

1936 c. 34. 1866 c. 39. Loans Fund for sums payable out of the Fund under this or any other Act and. subject to section 18 of this Act, all payments out of the National Loans Fund shall be made by the Treasury in accordance with credits so granted. (4) Section 34 of the Finance Act 1936 (signature of requisitions for credits under the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act 1866) shall apply to a request for a credit under subsection (3) above as it applies to such a requisition.

1911 c. 13. (5) In section 1(2) of the Parliament Act 1911 (which defines a Money Bill as one dealing exclusively with subjects which include the imposition of charges on the Consolidated Fund) after " Consolidated Fund " there shall be inserted " the National Loans Fund ".

1889 c. 63. (6) In section 22 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (definition of financial year) after "Consolidated Fund" there shall be inserted " the National Loans Fund ". (7) No provision in any Act requiring money to be paid into the Exchequer shall be construed as requiring or authorising money to be paid into the National Loans Fund. (8) Where the intention is that money be paid into the Consolidated Fund it shall be sufficient to enact that it be paid into the Consolidated Fund (instead of enacting that it be paid into the Exchequer).

Substitution of National Loans Fund for Consolidated Fund in scheduled enactments. Government lending 2. The enactments in Schedule 1 to this Act (which— (a) authorise advances or loans out of the Consolidated Fund, or (b) create commencing capital debts or other obligations to the Consolidated Fund, or (c) authorise payments out of the Consolidated Fund which are to be repaid out of Votes), and the enactments in Schedule 2 to this Act (which authorise payments out of the Consolidated Fund under certain international monetary and financial agreements) shall be amended in accordance with those Schedules.

Local loans. 3.—(1) The Treasury may issue out of the National Loans Fund such sums as are required by the Public Works Loan Commissioners (in this Act called the Loan Commissioners) to make loans as authorised by this Act, or by any future Act. (2) Interest on loans made by the Loan Commissioners shall be paid at such rates as the Treasury may determine from time to time in accordance with section 5 of this Act.

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

205

(3) All sums paid or applicable in or towards the discharge of the principal or interest of any loans made by the Loan Commissioners, whether before or after the coming into force of this section, shall be paid by the Loan Commissioners into the National Loans Fund:

Provided that where security for a loan is enforced in any manner the net receipts only shall be so paid into the National Loans Fund.

(4) Any sum payable in respect of Irish land purchase annuities which, but for the provisions of this section, would be payable into the Local Loans Fund under section 26(2) of

the Government of Ireland Act 1920, or under any other enact- 1920 c. 67. ment, shall be paid into the National Loans Fund.

(5) Subject to the limit in this Act, and to any limit in a future Act, the Loan Commissioners* power of making loans shall include power to enter into undertakings to make loans.

(6) The Loan Commissioners shall, as respects each financial year, prepare in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct an account of all loans made by the Loan Commissioners in the financial year, and of the sums paid or applicable in the financial year in or towards the discharge of the principal or interest of all loans made by the Loan Commissioners, whether before or after the coming into force of this section, and send it to the Comptroller and Auditor General not later than the end of November next following the end of the financial year and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine, certify and report on the account and lay copies of it, together with his report, before each House of Parliament.

(7) So much of paragraph (3) of section 5 of the Public 1875 c. 89. Works Loans Act 1875 as fixes the time by which the Loan Commissioners are to send their report of their transactions to

the Treasury, and by which the report is to be laid before Parliament, shall cease to have effect.

(8) On 1st April 1968 the Local Loans Fund shall be wound up, and all liabilities of the Local Loans Fund to the Consolidated Fund under section 30(4) of the Finance Act 1935 or 1935 c. 24. section 3(3) of the Local Authorities Loans Act 1945 (repay-1945 c. is. ment of Exchequer advances) shall be extinguished.

(9) As soon as may be after the coming into force of this section, any cash balance standing to the credit of the Local Loans Fund at the close of business on 31st March 1968 shall be paid into the National Loans Fund.

(10) Immediately before the winding up of the Local Loans Fund the principal of the loans made by the Loan Commissioners and described in Schedule 3 to this Act (which are

G* 3

206

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

1887 c. 37.

Power to make local loans.

1967 c. 61.

Rates of interest.

irrecoverable) shall be extinguished, and all arrears of interest thereon shall be remitted; and the said principal shall, so far as not already so dealt with in pursuance of the Public Works Loans Act 1887, be written off from the account of assets of the Local Loans Fund.

(11) The descriptions of loans which the Loan Commissioners may make are those set out in Schedule 4 to this Act (which correspond in material particulars to the loans which the Loan Commissioners may make under section 9 of the Public Works Loans Act 1875), and that Act and the enactments amending that Act shall apply to loans made in pursuance of this section.

(12) In the following provisions of this Act " local loans " means loans made by the Loan Commissioners in pursuance of this section.

4«—(1) Local loans may be made in the period beginning with 1st April 1968, but the aggregate of—

(a) the commitments of the Loan Commissioners out-

standing at any time in respect of undertakings entered

into by them to grant local loans; and

(b) the advances in respect of local loans made by the

Loan Commissioners under this section up to that time,

shall not exceed the limit specified in subsection (2) below.

(2) The said limit shall be one thousand million pounds, but the Treasury may, on not more than three occasions, by order contained in a statutory instrument, increase or further increase that limit by a sum specified in the order, being a sum not exceeding one thousand million pounds.

The Treasury shall not make an order under this subsection unless a draft of the order has been approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament

(3) For the purposes of section 1(2) of the Public Works Loans Act 1967 (no sums to be issued under that Act after the end of the period when a further Act comes into operation) the said period shall end with 31st March 1968.

5.—(1) This section has effect as respects any rate of interest—

(a) which under any provision in Schedule 1 to this Act

is to be fixed in accordance with this Act, or

(b) which is to be determined by the Treasury under

section 3 of this Act,

and, where any enactment passed after this Act provides for the payment of interest on advances or loans made out of the National Loans Fund, and for the rate at which that interest is to be payable to be determined or approved by the Treasury,

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

then, except as otherwise expressly provided, this section has effect as respects that rate of interest

(2) The Treasury shall, on each occasion when they determine or approve any such rate of interest for a loan or class of loans, satisfy themselves that the rate would be at least sufficient to prevent a loss if—

(a) the loan, or any loan of that class, was met out of money

borrowed by the Treasury at the rate at which the Treasury are for the time being able to borrow money for a comparable period, and on other comparable terms, and

(b) the interest on the money so borrowed, together with

die Treasury’s expenses of borrowing, were set off against the interest received on the loan.

(3) If at any time the Treasury are satisfied that a rate of interest fixed for a class of loans no longer meets the requirement in subsection (2) above, that rate shall be redetermined for further loans in accordance with that subsection, and the new rate or rates of interest shall come into effect at the earliest convenient date.

(4) The Treasury may in determining or approving a rate take into account any considerations justifying a rate of interest higher than that required by subsection (2) above.

(5) Different rates may be determined or approved in respect of different sums borrowed for the same length of time.

(6) The Treasury shall cause—

(a) the rates of interest determined from time to time by

them as the lowest rates under this section, and

(b) all other rates of interest determined from time to time

by them in respect of local loans,

to be published in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes as soon as may be after the fixing of those rates.

6.—<1) Subsection (2) below shall have effect for the con- Rates of StTUCtion— interest on

local loans

(a) of references in the enactments set out below to the

rate of interest in respect of any particular class of loans to local authorities, and

(b) of references in any other enactment passed, or in any

document made, before 27th February 1964 (the date of passing of the Public Works Loans Act 1964) to the 1964 c. 9. rate fixed by the Treasury under section 1 of the Public 1897 c. 51. Works Loans Act 1897 in respect of loans of a particular class.

G* 4

National Loans Act

208 Ch. 13 National Loans Act 1968

1926 c. 56. 1935 c. 40. 1935 c. 41. 1950 c. 34. The said enactments are— section 2 (5) (a) of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act 1926 section 92(2) of the Housing Act 1935 section 83(2) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1935 paragraph 5(1) proviso of Schedule 7 to the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950

1955 c. 13. section l(3)(h) of the Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage Act 1955

1958 c. 42. paragraph 7(1) proviso of Schedule 3 to the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958

1959 c. 25. 1961 c. 65. 1962 c. 28. 1963 c. 29. 1964 c. 67. section 198(2) of the Highways Act 1959 section 7 (2) (a) of the Housing Act 1961 section 11 (2) (a) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1962 section 3(4) of the Local Authorities (Land) Act 1963 section 7(4) of the Local Government (Development and Finance) (Scotland) Act 1964. (2) Any such reference shall be construed, where the time in question falls after 31st March 1968, as a reference to the rate at that time determined by the Treasury in respect of local loans of the class in question made on the security of local rates or, where more than one rate is so applicable, to such one of those rates as the Treasury may from time to time direct either generally or with respect to any particular enactment or document The Treasury shall cause any such direction to be published in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes as soon as may be after the giving of the direction. (3) For the purposes of this section— (a) the expression " local rate " means any rate levied or assessed, the proceeds of which are applicable to public local purposes, and which is levied on the basis of a valuation of property, and includes any sum which, though obtained in the first instance by a precept, certificate or other instrument requiring payment from some authority or officer, is or can be ultimately raised out of such a rate as aforesaid, (b) the expression "security of local rates" includes a security guaranteed by a local rate. Use of National Loans Fund for other purposes

The Exchange 7.—(1) There shall be issued to the Exchange Equalisation

Equalisation Account out of the National Loans Fund, at such times and in Account. such manner as the Treasury may direct, such sums as the

1932 c. 25. Treasury may determine, and section 24(4) of the Finance Act

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

209

1932 (issues out of the Consolidated Fund) shall cease to have effect.

(2) Sums issued to the said Account under subsection (1) above or the said section 24(4) which are for the time being outstanding shall constitute a liability of the said Account to the National Loans Fund.

(3) If at any time the Treasury are of opinion that the assets in sterling of the said Account are for the time being in excess of what is required for the purposes of the Account, the Treasury may direct that the excess shall be paid into the National Loans Fund.

(4) Section 24(2) of the Finance Act 1932 (winding up of 1932 c. 25. Exchange Equalisation Account) shall cease to have effect.

8. —(1) All immediate life annuities mentioned in section 8(1) Government of the Government Annuities Act 1929, and all immediate a"?"iti^* savings bank annuities, shall be charged on and issued out of 1929 c*29' the National Loans Fund, with recourse to the Consolidated

Fund.

(2) Accordingly in the said Act,—

(a) in sections 8(1), 19 and 24(3) in Part I, and (b) in sections 41(1)(3), 55 and 59(3) in Part II, for " Consolidated Fund " there shall be substituted " National Loans Fund

9. —(1) Subject to subsection (5) below, amounts payable to Profits of Issue the Treasury under section 6(1) of the Currency and Bank Notes

Act 1928 (profits of the Issue Department of the Bank ofg^of England) shall be paid into the National Loans Fund. c

(2) The assets held in the said Department shall be valued, at market prices, at such times and in such manner as may be agreed between the Treasury and the Bank of England, but at least once in each financial year.

(3) If, as the result of any such valuation, the value of the assets then held in the said Department falls short of the total amount of the Bank of England notes then outstanding, the Treasury shall assume a liability to the said Department of an amount equal to the difference.

(4) Any liability assumed under subsection (3) above—

(a) shall be included among the assets held to cover the

fiduciary note issue in accordance with section 3(1) of the Currency and Bank Notes Act 1928,

(b) shall be subject to such conditions as to repayment

and other matters as may be agreed between the Bank of England and the Treasury, but shall not bear interest.

210

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

1928 c. 13.

Payments to be made out of Votes and not out of Consolidated Fund.

1945 c. 19 (9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 19).

1959 c. 17.

1964 c. 13.

1966 c. 21.

1955 c. 5 (4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 5).

1960 c. 35.

1959 c. 71.

1959 c. 23.

(c) shall be charged on the National Loans Fund with recourse to the Consolidated Fund.

(5) So long as any part of any liability assumed under subsection (3) above is outstanding, any amount due to be paid to the Treasury under section 6(1) of the Currency and Bank Notes Act 1928 shall instead be applied towards meeting that liability.

Payments to be made out of Votes

10.—(1) The Minister of Overseas Development shall pay out of money provided by Parliament the sums required to make any payments described in the following enactments:

section 2(l)(e) of the Bretton Woods Agreements Act 1945 (subscriptions payable to International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and payments connected with changes in value of currency)

section 1(h) of the International Bank and Monetary Fund Act 1959 (payments to International Bank for Reconstruction and Development)

section 2(1) of the International Development Association Act 1964

section 2(1) of the Overseas Aid Act 1966 (Asian Development Bank).

(2) The following Exchequer receipts shall be accounted for as receipts of the Minister of Overseas Development—

(a) sums received from the International Bank for Recon-

struction and Development and payable into the Exchequer under section 2(2) of the Bretton Woods Agreements Act 1945,

(b) any other sums payable into the Exchequer which

represent repayment of payments described in the other enactments set out in subsection (1) above, and

(c) any sums payable into the Exchequer under section 2(3)

of the International Finance Corporation Act 1955 or section 2(3) of the International Development Association Act 1960.

(3) Any sums required by the said Minister for the purpose of loans made by him under section 2 of the Colonial Development and Welfare Act 1959 (loans for approved colonial development programmes), or of advances made to the Commonwealth Development Corporation under the Overseas Resources Development Act 1959, shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament.

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

211

(4) The Board of Trade shall pay out of money provided by Parliament such sums as are required to enable the Board—

(a) to acquire securities under section 3(1) of the Export 1949 c. 14.

Guarantees Act 1949 (securities guaranteed by the Board), and

(b) to make advances to the National Film Finance Cor-

poration under the Cinematograph Film Production 1949 c. 20. (Special Loans) Act 1949.

(5) Payments under subsection (4) (a) above shall be made on such terms and conditions with respect to repayment, and payment of interest and otherwise, as the Treasury may direct, and shall be paid into the Acquisition of Guaranteed Securities Fund; and the Board of Trade shall out of that Fund repay into the Exchequer payments so made, with interest thereon.

(6) So much of any of the Acts mentioned in subsections (1) and (3) of this section, and of section 8 of the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act 1949, as requires die preparation by any Minister or Government department of accounts of sums which under this section are to be paid out of money provided by Parliament shall cease to have effect.

Payments under Planning Acts

11.—(1) The Minister shall pay out of money provided by Payments Parliament any payments falling to be made by him under— under Planning

(a) section 59 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1947

or section 56 of the Scottish Act of 1947 (war-damaged c' * land), or

(b) any provision of Part I or Part V of the Town and 1954 c. 72.

Country Planning Act 1954 or of the Scottish Act of 1954.

(2) Section 194(2) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 c. 38. 1962 and section 64(3) of the Scottish Act of 1954 (repayment

by instalments out of Votes of sums at ( of subsection (1) above) shall continue to apply as respects repayment of sums issued (out of the Consolidated Fund) before the coming into force of this section, but shall not apply as respects sums paid under subsection (1) above.

(3) In subsection (2) of the said section 194, and in paragraphs (a) and (c) of subsection (3) of the said section 64 (instalments of repayments to be paid into Exchequer) for " Exchequer " there shall be substituted " National Loans Fund ".

(4) The following enactments shall cease to have effect—

(a) in section 194(4) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962, and in section 64(4) of the Scottish Act of 1954 (certain receipts by the Minister under the Act

212

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

1962 c. 38.

1947 c. 53. 1954 c. 73.

Power of Treasury to borrow.

to be treated as paid towards the instalments mentioned in subsection (3) above), as respects sums received by the Minister after the coming into force of this section, the words from " and shall be treated " to the end of the subsection,

(b) subsections (6) and (7) of the said section 194 and subsections (6) and (7) of the said section 64 (accounts of sums which under this section are to be paid out of money provided by Parliament, and of sums within the enactments amended by paragraph (a) above).

(5) In this section—

" the Minister " has the same meaning as in the Town and Country Planning Act 1962, or as the case may be the Scottish Act of 1947;

" the Scottish Act of 1947 " means the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947;

" the Scottish Act of 1954 " means the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1954.

National debt

12.—(1) Any money required—

(a) for providing the sums required to meet any excess of

payments out of the National Loans Fund over receipts into the National Loans Fund, and

(b) for providing any necessary working balance in the

National Loans Fund, may be raised in such manner and on such terms and conditions as the Treasury think fit, and money so raised shall be paid into the National Loans Fund.

(2) For the purpose of raising money under this section the Treasury may create and issue such securities, at such rates of interest and subject to such conditions as to repayment, redemption and other matters (including provision for a sinking fund) as they think fit.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the power to raise money under this section extends to raising money either within or outside the United Kingdom and either in sterling or in any other currency or medium of exchange, whether national or international.

(4) The principal of and interest on any money borrowed under this section, and of any money due under securities issued under this section, and—

(a) any sums required to be set aside for the purpose of any

sinking fund established under this section,

(b) any other sums to be paid by the Treasury in

accordance with the terms on which they borrow.

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

213

(c) any expenses incurred in connection with the raising of money or the issue, repayment or redemption of securities under this section, shall be charged on and paid out of the National Loans Fund with recourse to the Consolidated Fund.

(5) The power to raise money under this section extends—

(a) to raising money through the Post Office, and in par-

ticular by the issue through the Post Office of national savings certificates, and by the issue of the stamps and tokens described in section 35 of the Finance Act 1961 c. 36. 1961 (national savings stamps and gift tokens), and

(b) to raising money by the issue of Treasury Bills under

the Treasury Bills Act 1877. 1877 c. 2.

(6) In raising money under this section by the creation and issue—

(a) of tax reserve certificates, national development bonds,

or premium savings bonds, or

(b) of national savings certificates,

any stock of forms prepared before the passing of this Act may be employed, pending the printing and issue of new forms, notwithstanding that the forms were prepared by reference to the raising of money under the National Loans Act 1939 or, as 1939 c. 117. the case may be, section 7 of the National Debt Act 1958, and 1958 c. 6

any security so issued shall be valid and effectual as if purporting * 8 Eliz- 2-

to be issued in pursuance of this section instead of purporting c* '

to be issued in pursuance of the said Act of 1939 or the said

Act of 1958.

(7) The Bank of England may lend any sums which the Treasury have power to borrow under this section, and section 1

of the Bank of England Act 1819 (loans by Bank to Crown 1819 c. 76. to require authority of Parliament) shall cease to have effect.

13.—(1) All payments to be made in respect of existing Existing national debt, being payments which are charged on the Con- national solidated Fund, shall be charged on and paid out of the debt-National Loans Fund.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not be in derogation of the said charge on the Consolidated Fund, or of the provisions of section 1 of the Consolidated Fund Act 1816 (which 1816 c. 98. makes the national debt a prior charge on the Consolidated

Fund), and accordingly all such payments shall be charged on the National Loans Fund with recourse to the Consolidated Fund.

(3) In this section "existing national debt" means all securities of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom

214

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

outstanding on 31st March 1968, including Treasury Bills and Ways and Means advances, and all other liabilities in respect of money borrowed by Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and outstanding on 31st March 1968, and those liabilities include, as well as payments in respect of principal and interest, payments for the purpose of any sinking fund and any other payments due under the terms on which any such security was issued, or any such money was borrowed.

(4) Any expenses incurred in*connection with the raising of money or the issue, repayment or redemption of securities which represent expenses incurred, whether before or after the coming into force of this section, in respect of existing national debt shall be paid out of the National Loans Fund, with recourse to the Consolidated Fund.

1939 c. 117. (5) Section 4 of the National Loans Act 1939 (power of

trustees and others to invest in government securities) shall cease to have effect, but not so as to invalidate anything done before the coming into force of this Act.

(6) Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of making amendments consequential on this and the last foregoing section.

(7) Any reference in any enactment passed before this Act to securities which are charged on the Consolidated Fund shall include a reference to securities which are charged on the National Loans Fund with recourse to the Consolidated Fund; and any reference in any such enactment to securities which are directly charged on the Consolidated Fund shall be construed in a corresponding manner.

Exchange of 14.—(1) The powers conferred by section 12 of this Act shall

securities, include power to enter into agreements for varying the terms on ctc' which Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom have

borrowed money or issued securities (whether before or after the passing of this Act), and shall include power to create and issue securities for the purpose of any such agreement.

(2) The Treasury may in particular, for the purpose of carrying out any arrangement made by them for the exchange (whether on or before maturity, and whether with or without any further payment) of any securities of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom, create and issue such other securities under section 12 of this Act as the Treasury think fit.

(3) The Treasury may make rules with respect to the surrender, issue or exchange of securities in pursuance of this section, and may by those rules provide, with any necessary modifications, for any of the matters for which provision could

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

215

be made under section 29 of the National Debt (Conversion) 1888 c. 2. Act 1888, and may also by those rules apply, with the necessary modifications, any of the provisions of Part IV of that Act (whether repealed or not) which they think it expedient to apply.

(4) Rules made under subsection (3) above with respect to the exchange of securities in pursuance of an arrangement which includes an offer of securities in exchange for securities which are to be redeemed may include provision—

(a) for requiring holders of the securities which are to be redeemed desiring to receive repayment in cash in respect of their holdings on the date fixed for the redemption thereof to make an application in that behalf in accordance with the rules, and

(b) for securing that, if no such application is made with respect to any such securities within such period as may be provided in the rules, the holder thereof shall be deemed, subject to the provisions of the rules, to have accepted the offer.

(5) Rules under subsection (3) above may specify the persons by whom an application accepting an offer of exchange of securities, or an application required under subsection (4) above, may be made in cases where—

(a) any holder of securities which may be exchanged has

died, or is outside the United Kingdom, or is of unsound mind, or is an infant, pupil or minor, or is otherwise under a disability, or

(b) a stop notice is in force with respect to a holding.

(6) The Treasury may cancel any securities surrendered to them under this section, and may also undertake to make payments, upon such terms and conditions as they think fit, to holders of securities so surrendered, or otherwise as part of the arrangement or agreement.

(7) A warrant given by the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland for making any such payment shall be deemed to be

a cheque within the meaning of the Bills of Exchange Act 1882 1882 c. 61. and shall be exempt from stamp duty.

(8) Any money required by the Treasury for the purpose of carrying out any such arrangement shall be charged on and paid out of the National Loans Fund with recourse to the Consolidated Fund.

(9) Any money received by the Treasury under this section shall be paid into the National Loans Fund.

216

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

1939 c. 117. 1958 c. 6 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 6).

Payments out of

Consolidated Fund for service of national debt.

1866 c. 39.

Supplemental provisions as to national debt.

1921 c. 32.

(10) Section 2 of the National Loans Act 1939 (exchange of securities) and section 9 of the National Debt Act 1958 (exchange of savings certificates) shall cease to have effect, but—

(a) any rules in force under either of those sections on

31st March 1968 shall continue in force as if made under this section, and may be varied or revoked accordingly, and

(b) any arrangements pending under either of those sections

on 31st March 1968 shall be carried out and concluded under this section.

(11) Rules under this section shall be made by statutory instrument which, if the rules consist of or include any provision made in pursuance of subsection (4) above, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

15. —(1) The Treasury shall from time to time pay out of the Consolidated Fund into the National Loans Fund sums equal to the excess of the amounts required to meet charges on the National Loans Fund for the service of national debt over the amounts paid into the National Loans Fund which represent interest on loans by the Government or which, in the opinion of the Treasury, ought to be treated in the same way as interest on loans by the Government.

(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of section 13 of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act 1866, payments under this section shall be effected without the granting of credits by the Comptroller and Auditor General.

(3) In this section " charges on the National Loans Fund for the service of national debt" means all payments to be made out of the National Loans Fund which represent—

(a) interest on debt charged on the National Loans Fund,

(b) expenses incurred in connection with the raising of money or the issue, repayment or redemption of securities,

(c) money required for the purpose of carrying out any

arrangement under the last foregoing section, or

(d) sums payable under subsection (6) or (7) of section 16 of this Act.

16. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, the definitions of " government stock " in—

(a) section 51 of the Finance Act 1921,

(b) section 15 of the National Debt Act 1958,

shall include securities issued under this Act, other than national savings certificates, premium savings bonds, national savings stamps and national savings gift tokens, and in section 43(2) of

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

217

the Finance Act 1956 (enactments relating to lotteries: saving 1956 c. 54. for premium bonds under the National Loans Act 1939) the 1939 c. 117. reference to the said Act of 1939 shall include a reference to this Act

(2) The Treasury may by order in a statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the House of Commons, exclude from either or both of the said definitions of " government stock " any description of securities issued under this Act

(3) Stock or registered bonds issued under this Act other than premium savings bonds, shall be included in Part I of Schedule 11 to the Finance Act 1942 (transfer and registration 1942 c. 21. of government stock).

(4) Stock or registered bonds issued under this Act shall

be subject to the provisions of the National Debt Act 1870 so 1870 c. 71. far as is consistent with the tenor of this Act

(5) Section 196 of the Income Tax Act 1952 (interest on Gov- 1952 c. 10. emment securities payable without deduction of tax) shall have

effect as if securities issued under this Act were among those described in paragraphs (a) to (d) of subsection (1) of that section.

(6) The Treasury shall from time to time pay to trustee savings banks, as consideration for the performance by them

of the functions conferred on them by the National Debt Act 1958 c. 6 1958, such amounts as may be determined by the Treasury after (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. consultation with the Trustee Savings Banks Association. c- 6>-

Payments under this subsection shall be made out of the National Loans Fund with recourse to the Consolidated Fund.

(7) There shall be paid out to the Banks of England and Ireland, and into the Post Office Fund, such sums in respect of the management in the year ending 31st March 1968 or any subsequent financial year of any Government securities as may be agreed upon between the Treasury on the one hand and the Bank of England, the Bank of Ireland and the Postmaster General respectively on the other hand.

In this subsection " Government securities * means securities of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and securities issued under—

Part II of the Tithe Act 1936, 1936 c. 43.

the Irish Land Act 1903, 1903 c. 37.

the Irish Land Act 1909, 1909 c. 42.

the Northern Ireland Land Act 1925. 1925 c. 34.

(8) Sums payable under subsection (7) above to the Banks of England and Ireland—

(a) shall, so far as they relate to Government securities in respect of which registers are kept by the Bank of

218

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

1936 c. 43.

1922 c. 2 (13 Geo. 5 (Sess. 2) c. 2).

1935 c. 21.

Repeal of provisions for paying off debt, or applying sums to meet interest charges.

1875 c. 45.

1930 c. 28.

Daily

balancing of Consolidated Fund.

England and Bank of Ireland respectively, be calculated on the nominal amount, as certified by the National Debt Commissioners, of such securities outstanding at the end of the financial year ending last before the financial year for which the sums are payable, and (b) shall be payable before 30th June next following the end of the financial year for which the sums are payable.

(9) Sums payable under subsection (7) above shall be met out of the National Loans Fund with recourse to the Consolidated Fund, except that—

(a) sums payable in respect of securities issued under

Part II of the Tithe Act 1936 shall be paid out of the Redemption Annuities Account under section 25 of that Act, and

(b) sums payable in respect of securities issued under the

said Acts of 1903, 1909 and 1925 shall be payable as part of the expenses of the National Debt Commissioners on account of Irish land purchase services under the said Act of 1903 as modified by Part III of Schedule 2 to the Irish Free State (Consequential Provisions) Act 1922 and section 6 of the Northern Ireland Land Purchase (Winding Up) Act 1935.

17. —(1) Section 5 of the Sinking Fund Act 1875 (the old sinking fund) and section 48 of the Finance Act 1930 (provision for deficit in any year: sums to be applied in following year in the same manner as the old sinking fund) shall cease to have effect.

(2) So much of any enactment as provides for sums paid into the Consolidated Fund to be applied in redeeming or paying off debt (that is to say national debt) or meeting such part of the annual charges for the national debt as represents interest, shall cease to have effect.

Relations of the two Funds

18. —(1) At the commencement of business on 1st April 1968 the Treasury shall pay out of the Consolidated Fund into the National Loans Fund any balance in the Consolidated Fund at the close of business on the last previous working day.

(2) On any day (from 1st April 1968 onwards) on which payments into the Consolidated Fund exceed payments out of the Consolidated Fund the Treasury shall pay out of the Consolidated Fund into the National Loans Fund sums equal to that excess.

(3) On any day (from 1st April 1968 onwards) on which payments out of the Consolidated Fund exceed payments into the Consolidated Fund the Treasury shall pay out of the National

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

219

Loans Fund into the Consolidated Fund sums equal to that excess.

(4) All payments made on any day (from 1st April 1968 onwards) into the Consolidated Fund by way of payment into the Exchequer Account at the Belfast branch of the Bank of Ireland shall be paid at the close of business on that day into the Exchequer Account at the Bank of England.

(5) Notwithstanding the provisions of section 13 of the 1866 c. 39. Exchequer and Audit Departments Act 1866 and of section 1(3)

of this Act, payments under this section shall be effected without the granting of credits by the Comptroller and Auditor General.

19.—(1) The excess for the time being of the liabilities of the Liabilities and National Loans Fund over its assets shall be a liability of the assets of Consolidated Fund to the National Loans Fund. Fund L°aM

(2) Sums paid under section IS of this Act shall be deemed for all purposes to be in satisfaction of the payment of interest in respect of the liability of the Consolidated Fund to the National Loans Fund imposed by subsection (1) above.

(3) The Treasury shall prepare a statement in such form as they see fit showing, as at the commencement of business on 1st April 1968, the liabilities of the National Loans Fund and its assets, including the liability of the Consolidated Fund to the National Loans Fund imposed by subsection (1) above, and shall lay copies of the statement before each House of Parliament not later than 31st December 1968.

(4) For the purposes of this section the liabilities of the National Loans Fund shall be the nominal amount of the debt outstanding and charged to that Fund, as determined by the Treasury, and the assets of that Fund shall be the amount of principal, as so determined, of advances, loans and other payments outstanding and due to that Fund.

20.—(1) The Treasury shall have power by order to provide Power to that any payments which, under a provision in any Act passed substitute before, or in the same session as, this Act, are to be paid Lh

out of the Consolidated Fund, or are to be paid into the for Consoli-Consolidated Fund (whether or not expressed as a provision dated Fund in for payment into the Exchequer) shall be paid out of the existing Acts. National Loans Fund, or as the case may be shall be paid into the National Loans Fund.

(2) An order under this section—

(a) shall not be made unless a draft of the order has been approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament,

220

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Audit and accounts.

1816 c. 98. 1854 c. 94.

1866 c. 39.

1875 c. 45. Interpretation.

(b) shall be made by statutory instrument.

(c) may contain such transitional or other supplemental or

incidental provisions as appear to the Treasury to be expedient, including provisions amending any Act passed before or after this Act.

Supplemental

21. —(1) For the financial year ending on 31st March 1969 and each subsequent financial year the Treasury shall prepare in such form as they may prescribe an account of payments into and out of the Consolidated Fund and an account of payments into and out of the National Loans Fund during the year.

(2) The Treasury shall send the accounts to the Comptroller and Auditor General not later than the end of November following die end of the financial year to which they relate, and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine, certify and report on the accounts and lay copies of them, together with his report, before each House of Parliament.

(3) For each such financial year the Treasury shall also prepare in such form as they may determine statements containing additional information regarding the transactions, assets and liabilities of the Consolidated Fund and of the National Loans Fund, and shall lay copies of the statements before each House of Parliament not later than 31st December next following the end of the financial year to which the statements relate.

(4) No accounts or statements shall be prepared for any financial year after that ending on 31st March 1968 under—

section 22 of the Consolidated Fund Act 1816,

section 2 of the Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act 1854,

section 21 of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act 1866, or

section 4 of the Sinking Fund Act 1875.

22. —(1) In this Act " Loan Commissioners " and " local loans" have the meanings given by section 3 of this Act.

(2) Any provision in this Act, or in the Acts amended by this Act, charging payments on the National Loans Fund "with recourse to" the Consolidated Fund shall be construed as a requirement that the payment, if it is not made out of the National Loans Fund, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund.

(3) In this Act " securities of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom " includes national savings certificates and

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

221

premium savings bonds but does not include securities issued

under—

Part II of the Tithe Act 1936, 1936 c> 43.

the Irish Land Act 1903, 1903 c. 37.

the Irish Land Act 1909, 1909 c. 42.

the Northern Ireland Land Act 1925. 1925 c. 34.

(4) Any reference in this Act to any enactment includes a reference to that enactment as amended by any other Act including this Act.

23.—(1) This Act extends to Northern Ireland. Application to

(2) For the purpose of section 6 of the Government of Ireland JJekSd"1 Act 1920, this Act shall, so far as it relates to matters within the .920 c 67 power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, be deemed to be 1 an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning of that section.

24.—(1) This Act may be cited as the National Loans Act Short title, 1968. reports and

commence-

(2) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 6 to this Actment. (which include enactments conferring powers of government borrowing superseded by this Act and enactments which are obsolete or spent) shall be repealed to the extent specified in

the third column of that Schedule, but subject to any saving at the end of any Part of that Schedule.

(3) Except as otherwise expressly provided, this Act shall come into force on 1st April 1968 and have effect for the financial year beginning on that date and subsequent financial years.

222

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Section 2.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Government Lending and Advances

Section Subject matter Amendment

Tithe Act 1936 (1936 c. 43.

26(1) ... Temporary advances to meet deficiencies in Redemption Annuities Account For"Consolidated Fund*' read " National Loans Fund *.

26(3) ... Repayment of advances with interest at rate fixed by Treasury Repayment of all advances, past or future, is to be made into the National Loans Fund. Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

28(1) ... Winding-up of financial arrangements The second reference to the Consolidated Fund shall include a reference to the National Loans Fund.

28(1X6) ... Coal Industry Nationalisation Act 1946 (1946 c. 59) Interest on loans to National Rate of interest to be fixed Coal Board at rate in accordance with this directed by the Minister Act with approval of Treasury

28(2) ... Interest on loans to National Coal Board to be paid into Exchequer Sums received under section 28(1)0) shall be paid into the National Loans Fund, and not into the Exchequer.

34(1) ... Loans to National Coal Board For " Consolidated Fund * read " National Loans Fund '*.

12(1) ... New Towns Act 1946 (1946 c. 68) Advances to development Rate of interest to be fixed corporations in Scotland in accordance with this on terms approved by Act. Treasury

12(3) ... Advances to development corporations For " Consolidated Fund '* read " National Loans Fund *’.

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

223

Section Subject matter Amendment

12(5), 13(4) Repayment into Exchequer For " Exchequer " read

" National Loans Fund

Gas Act 1948 (1948 c. 67.

In section 42(2 ){aa)as amended by the Electricity and Gas Act 1963 (which defines " Exchequer advances ") and throughout the rest of the Act for " Exchequer advances " read " Government advances

Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act 1949 (1949 c. 77.

1(3X*X<0 Repayment out of Votes For "Exchequer" read into Exchequer " National Loans Fund

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act 1950 (1950 c. 21.

2(1) ... Loans to Northern Ireland For "Consolidated Fund

Government of the United Kingdom "

read " National Loans Fund ".

2(3) ... Repayment into Exchequer For references to the Ex-

chequer substitute references to the National Loans Fund.

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

94(1)

94(2)

94(4)

Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 (1950 c. 34.

Advances to Scottish Special Housing Association on terms approved by Treasury

Issue of advances out of Consolidated Fund

Repayment into Exchequer

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund".

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

Sugar Act 1956 (1956 c. 48.

5(2) ... Advances to Sugar Board... For " Consolidated Fund "

read " National Loans Fund".

SCB. 1

224

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Sch. 1

Section

5(4Xa) ... 5(5) ...

Subject matter

Interest on advances at rate directed by the Minister with approval of Treasury

Repayment into Exchequer

Amendment

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act

For " Exchequer " read "National Loans Fund".

Finance Act 1956 (1956 c. 54.

42(6) ... Repayment of advances to For "Exchequer" read

nationalised industries "National Loans Fund".

Electricity Act 1957 (1957 c. 48.

In section 15(7) (defining " Exchequer advances ") and throughout the rest of the Act for " Exchequer advances " substitute " Government advances ".

Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 (1958 c. 42.

17(3) ... Advances to housing asso- For "Consolidated Fund

dations of the United Kingdom "

read " National Loans Fund ".

17(7X8) ... Repayment into Exchequer The advances shall bear

interest at a rate fixed by the Treasury in accordance with this Act

For " Exchequer " read "National Loans Fund".

Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act 1958 (1958 c. 1—7 & 8 Eliz. 2.)

2 Method of repayment into For " Exchequer " read

Exchequer of issues under " National Loans Fund "

Armed Forces (Housing throughout.

Loans) Act 1949 In subsection (2) of the

said section 2 for the words from "be applied" to the end of the subsection substitute " be treated as a payment in satisfaction of an amount of prinripal ".

National Loans Act

Ch. 13

225

Section Subject matter Amendment

House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 (1959 c. 33.

2(5) ... Advances to building societies For " Consolidated Fund " read * National Loans Fund".

2(6) ... Repayment into Exchequer For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

Post Office Act 1961 (1961 c. 15.

9(0 ... Advances to Postmaster General For " Consolidated Fund " read * National Loans Fund".

9(2) ... Interest at rate directed by Treasury Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act

9(4) ... Repayment into Exchequer For * Exchequer of the United Kingdom" read " National Loans Fund ".

13(2) ... Initial capital liability of Post Office Fund to Exchequer For "that Exchequer" in both places read " the National Loans Fund ".

Covent Garden Market Act 1961 (1961 c. 49.

40(1) ... Advances to Covent Garden Market Authority For 44 Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom " read * National Loans Fund".

40(4) ... Interest at rate directed by the Minister with approval of Treasury Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

40(6) ... Repayment into Exchequer For " Exchequer " read 44 National Loans Fund ".

Housing Act 1961 (1961 c. 65.

7(5) ... Advances to housing associations For 44 Consolidated Fund " read 44 National Loans Fund ".

7(6) ... Repayment into Exchequer For 44 Exchequer " read 44 National Loans Fund ".

H

Sch. 1

226

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Sch. 1 Section Subject matter Amendment

Housing (Scotland) Act 1962 (1962 c. 28.

11(5) ... Advances to housing asso- For " Consolidated Fund "

dations, and, through read " National Loans section 18(3), to Scottish Fund ".

Special Housing Association

11(6) ... Repayment into Exchequer For "Exchequer" read

" National Loans Fund".

20(2) ...

20(3) ...

20(5X6) ... 39(8) ...

Transport Act 1962 (1962 c. 46.

Loans to Transport Boards bearing interest at rate directed by the Minister with approval of Treasury

Issue of loans out of Consolidated Fund

Repayment into Exchequer

Payments into Exchequer in respect of commencing capital debt

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund ".

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

2(3)

2(4) ...

2(6)(7) ... Schedule 1

Electricity and Gas Act 1963 (1963 c. 59.

Advances to Electricity and Gas Authorities bearing interest at rate directed by the Minister or Secretary of State with approval of Treasury

Issue of advances out of Consolidated Fund

Repayment into Exchequer

Consequential amendments

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund ".

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

For " Exchequer advances " read " Government advances " throughout.

Shipbuilding Credit Act 1964 (1964 c. 7.

1(5) ... Loans for construction or Rate of interest to be fixed

alteration of ships bear- in accordance with this

ing interest at rate Act.

directed by Treasury

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

227

Section

2(1) ...

2(3) ...

<KW) .. 11(1) ... 43(1) ...

43(2) ...

43(4X5) ...

9(1) ...

9(3) ...

9(5), 10(4)

Part II of Schedule

Subject matter Amendment

Issue of loans out of For " Consolidated Fund " Consolidated Fund read " National Loans

Fund".

Repayment into Exchequer For " Exchequer " read

" National Loans Fund ".

Harbours Act 1964 (1964 c. 40.

Loans to National Ports Council

Loans for execution of harbour works etc.

Loans under ss. 6 and 11 to bear interest at rate directed by the Minister with approval of Treasury

Issue of loans out of Consolidated Fund

Repayment into Exchequer

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund ".

For " Consolidated Fund 99 read " National Loans Fund ".

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act

For " Consolidated Fund99 read " National Loans Fund ".

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

Housing Act 1964 (1964 c. 56.

Advances to Housing Corporation bearing interest at rate directed by the Minister or Secretory of State with approval of Treasury

Issue of advances out of Consolidated Fund

Repayment into Exchequer

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund ".

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act 1965 (1965 c. 9.

Section 1 of Armed Forces In section l(3)(aXc) for (Housing Loans) Act "Exchequer" read 1949 set out as amended "National Loans Fund".

Airports Authority Act 1965 (1965 c. 16.

4(5) • • Payment into Exchequer in For " Exchequer " read

respect of commencing "National Loans Fund", capital debt

SCH. 1

228

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Sch. 1

Section Subject matter Amendment

6(2) ... Loans to Airport Authority bearing interest at rate directed by the Minister with approval of Treasury Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

6(3) ... Issue of loans out of Consolidated Fund For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund ".

6(5) ... Repayment into Exchequer For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

8(3) ... Accounts After "Exchequer" insert * or the National Loans Fund".

42(1X4X5)

44(1) ...

44(3) ...

45

46(5) ...

New Towns Act 1965

(1965 c. 59) Loans to development corporations ana the Commission for the New Towns on terms approved by Treasury Issue of loans out of Consolidated Fund

Repayment into Exchequer

Payment of surplus funds of Commission into Exchequer

Accounts ...

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund".

For " Exchequer " read "National Loans Fund".

Any sum treated under subsection (2) of the section as a repayment of a loan shall be paid by the Minister into the National Loans Fund, instead of being paid into the Consolidated Fund as required by subsection (1) of the section.

In paragraph (a) for the fiist " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund " and in paragraph (6) for "Exchequer" read " National Loans Fund ".

Redundancy Payments Act 1965 (1965 c. 62.

35(1), 55(3) Advances for purposes of For " Consolidated Fund " Redundancy Fund read " National Loans

Fund ".

35(4) ... Repayment into Exchequer For " Exchequer " read

" National Loans Fund ". Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

229

Section

KD

2(1) .

41(9X10)

4(2)

4(3)

4(5)

8(3)

32(6X7) .

3(1)

3(4)

Subject matter Amendment

Military Aircraft (Loans) Act 1966 (1966 c. 15.

Issues for purchase of For " Consolidated Fund " military aircraft etc. read " National Loans

Fund ".

Repayment out of Votes For "Exchequer" read into Exchequer " National Loans Fund ",

Docks and Harbours Act 1966 (1966 c. 28.

Payment into Exchequer of For " Exchequer " read amounts in respect of "National Loans Fund", debt assumed under a harbour revision order or harbour reorganisation scheme

Industrial Reorganisation Corporation Act 1966 (1966 c. 50.

Loans to Industrial Reorganisation Corporation bearing interest at rate directed by Secretary of State with approval of Treasury

Issue of loans out of Consolidated Fund

Repayment into Exchequer

Annual account of loans ...

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund".

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

After " Exchequer " insert " or National Loans Fund".

Tees and Hartlepools Port Authority Act 1966 (1966 c. xxv)

Payment into Exchequer of For " Exchequer " read amounts in respect of "National LoansF und ". transferred loans

Land Commission Act 1967 (1967 c. 1.

Government loans to Land For " Consolidated Fund " Commission read " National Loans

Fund ".

Repayment into Exchequer For " Exchequer " read

" National Loans Fund ". Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

Sch. 1

230

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Sch. 1

Section

18(3) ...

20(2) ...

20(3) ...

20(5) ...

Subject matter Amendment

Iron and Steel Act 1967

(1967 c. 17) Repayment into Exchequer of commencing capital debt of British Steel Corporation Loans to Corporation bearing interest at rate directed by the Minister with approval of Treasury Issue of loans out of Consolidated Fund

Repayment into Exchequer

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund".

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund".

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

8(2)

8(3)

8(5X6)

Air Corporations Act 1967 (1967 c. 33.

Loans to air corporations bearing interest at rate directed by Board of Trade with approval of Treasury Issue of loans out of Consolidated Fund

Repayment into Exchequer

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund ".

For " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

4(6)

10(1)

10(5)

10(7) ...

10(8)(a) ...

Shipbuilding Industry Act 1967

(1967 c. 40.

Loans in connection with grouping schemes bearing interest at rate approved by the Minister and Treasury Issue out of Consolidated Fund of sums to be used for loans Repayment into Exchequer

Indebtedness discharged by issue of shares Annual account

Rate of interest to be fixed in accordance with this Act.

For " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund".

Sums received under section 10(4)(a) (repayment of loans and interest) shall be paid into National Loans Fund and not into Exchequer.

For " Exchequer " read "National Loans Fund".

After " Exchequer " insert " or the National Loans Fund ".

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

231

SCHEDULE 2

Section 2.

International Monetary and Financial Agreements

Bretton Woods Agreements Act 1945 (1945 c. 19—9 & 10 Geo. 6.)

Sums required for the purpose of paying the subscriptions, compensation and other sums described in paragraphs (a), (6), (c) and (d) of section 2(1) shall be paid out of the National Loans Fund.

Sums received by Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom from the International Monetary Fund (other than sums received by reason of the operations of the Exchange Equalisation Account) shall be paid into the National Loans Fund.

In section 2(4) (creation of notes or other obligations charged on Consolidated FundQ after " charged on " insert " the National Loans Fund with recourse to ".

European Monetary Agreement Act 1959 (1959 c. 11.

In section 2(1) (payments by U.K. Government under Agreement) for references to the Consolidated Fund substitute references to the National Loans Fund.

In section 2(2) (limit on payments) the reference to the Consolidated Fund shall include a reference to the National Loans Fund, so that the limit applies to the aggregate of sums paid out of the two Funds.

In section 2(4) (repayments into Exchequer) for " Exchequer " read * National Loans Fund ".

International Development Association Act 1960 (1960 c. 35.

In section 2(4) (creation of notes or other obligations charged on Consolidated Fund) after " charged on " insert " the National Loans Fund with recourse to".

232

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Section 3.

1861 c. 47.

SCHEDULE 3 Local Loans to be extinguished Part I

Loans to be written off and extinguished

Loans by Loan Commissioners under the Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act 1861.

Name of Borrower Amount of loan Amount of principal to be written off and extinguished

£ £ s. d.

Peterhead Harbours Trustees 46,000 36,826 18 10

Wick and Pulteney Harbours Trustees 35,000 28,354 10 8

Loans by Loan Commissioners under the South Staffordshire Mines Drainage Acts 1873 to 1914.

Name of Borrower Amount of loan Amount of principal to be written off and extinguished

South Staffordshire Mines Drainage £ £ s. d.

Commissioners 140,000 40,593 12 9

Part H

Loans already written off to be extinguished

Loan by Loan Commissioners under the general powers contained in 5 & 6 Vict. c. 9.

Name of Borrower Amount of loan Amount of principal previously written off and now to be extinguished Enactment under which principal written off

Maldon Harbour Improve* ment Commissioners. £ 10,000 £ s. d. 9,287 10 0 . 3 of Public Works Loans Act 1887.

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

233

SCHEDULE 4 Section 3.

Local Loans

1. Loans to any local authority for any purpose for which the authority have power to borrow, whether by virtue of any enactment or otherwise.

In this paragraph 44 local authority " means—

(a) any authority in Great Britain being, within the meaning of the

Local Loans Act 1875, an authority having power to levy a rate, 1875 c. 83.

(b) any port health authority or joint board constituted by an

order under the Public Health Act 1936, or under any 1936 c. 49. enactment repealed by that Act,

(c) any joint board in Scotland as defined by section 379(1) of the

Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947. 1947 c. 43.

2. Loans to any authority in Great Britain under—

Section 3 of the Harbours and Passing Tolls, c.. Act 1861. 1861 c. 47.

Section 663 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894, (lighthouses, 1894 c. 60. buoys and beacons).

3. Loans to any person under section 78 of the Housing (Scotland) 1950 c. 34. Act 1950 or section 47 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Acti958c.42. 1958 (loans to companies, housing associations and individuals for housing).

SCHEDULE 5 Section 13.

National Debt: Consequential Amendments

Bank of England Act 1861 (1861 c. 3.

In section 5 (issues out of Consolidated Fund to meet dividends) for " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund ".

National Debt Act 1870 (1870 c. 71.

In section 6 (charge of stock on Consolidated Fund) after " payable out of" insert " the National Loans Fund with recourse to ".

In sections 12 and 14 (issue of money to pay dividends) for " consolidated fund " read " National Loans Fund *’.

Treasury Bills Act 1877 (1877 c. 2.

In section 5 (charge of Treasury bills on Consolidated Fund) after 44 payable out of " insert44 the National Loans Fund with recourse to ".

Revenue, Friendly Societies and National Debt Act 1882 (1882 c. 72.

In lection 18 (fractions of a penny on National Debt dividends) for44 Exchequer " (before the proviso) read44 National Loans Fund

H*

234

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Sch. 5 National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act 1884

(1884 c. 23.

In section 1(5) (charge of 2f per cent, stock on Consolidated Fund) after " charged on " insert " the National Loans Fund with recourse to".

National Debt (Conversion) Act 1888 (1888 c. 2.

In section 2(5) (charge of dividends on new stock on Consolidated Fund) after "charged on" insert "the National Loans Fund with recourse to ".

War Loan Act 1919 (1919 c. 37.

In section 1(3) (charge of securities under the Act on the Consolidated Fund) after the words "charged on" insert "the National Loans Fund with recourse to ".

In section 3(3) (payments to Commissioners of Inland Revenue in respect of securities accepted in payment of death duties) for " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund " and for " Exchequer " read " National Loans Fund ".

Government of Ireland Act 1920 (1920 c. 67.

In paragraph 1 of Schedule 6 (liabilities and expenditure to which Government of Northern Ireland is to contribute, including National Debt charges) for the words from the beginning to the end of paragraph (2) read—

" 1. National Debt charges, that is to say all charges on the National Loans Fund or the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, being—

(a) charges for the service of national debt and the repayment of borrowed money, or (b)charges to fulfil a guarantee, other than charges in respect of any guaranteed stock raised for the purpose of land purchase in Ireland."

Finance Act 1921 (1921 c. 32.

In section 45(1) (sinking fund for Conversion Loan payable out of Consolidated Fund) after " issued out of " insert " the National Loans Fund, with recourse to ".

Finance Act 1934 (1934 c. 32.

In section 24 (sinking fund of 3 per cent. Funding Loan 1959-69 payable out of Consolidated Fund) after " issued out of " insert " the National Loans Fund, with recourse to ".

National Loans Act 1939 (1939 c. 117.

In section 3(3) (charge of securities issued under the Act on Consolidated Fund) after " issued out of " insert " the National Loans Fund with recourse to ".

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

235

Bank of England Act 1946 Sea. 5

(1946 c. 27.

In paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 (charge of government stock on Consolidated Fund) after "issued out of*' insert "the National Loans Fund with recourse to

Coal Industry Nationalisation Act 1946 (1946 c. 59.

In section 21(1) (charge of Government stock on Consolidated Fund) after " charged on * insert " the National Loans Fund with recourse to *.

In section 33(2) (expenses of issue of government stock) for " Consolidated Fund *' read " National Loans Fund

Cable and Wireless Act 1946 (1946 c. 82.

In paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 (charge of government stock on Consolidated Fund) after "issued out of* insert "the National Loans Fund with recourse to

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act 1955 (1955 c. 6—4 & 5 Eliz. 2.)

In section 5(9) (account to meet unclaimed dividends: payment out of Consolidated Fund and application of excess in redemption of debt) for " Consolidated Fund '* read " National Loans Fund '* and for the words from "applied in such manner" to the end of the subsection read " paid into the National Loans Fund

National Debt Act 1958 (1958 c. 6-7 & 8 Eliz. 2.)

In sections 7(3), 9(3) and 10(2) (charge on Consolidated Fund of national savings certificates, securities issued in exchange and war savings certificates) after " charged on " insert " the National Loans Fund with recourse to

In section 12(l)(a) (regulations as to raising of money through Post Office) the reference to the National Loans Act 1939 shall include a 1939 c. 117. reference to this Act.

In section 14(1) (charge on Consolidated Fund of 3-£% War Loan stock) after "charged on" insert "the National Loans Fund with recourse to ".

Post Office Act 1961 (1961 c. 15.

In section 14(1) (payment of terminable annuities out of Consolidated Fund) after "in whole out of" insert "the National Loans Fund with recourse to

H* 2

236

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Sea. 5

Section 24.

Finance Act 1961 (1961 c. 36.

In section 35(2) (receipts and outgoings in respect of national savings stamps or national savings gift tokens) for " Exchequer ", and for " Consolidated Fund * read * National Loans Fund

In section 35(5) (unclaimed amounts) for " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund

Iron and Steel Act 1967 (1967 c. 17.

In section 10 (government stock issued in compensation) after " charged on " insert " the National Loans Fund with recourse to

In section 13(5), and in paragraph 5 of Schedule 6 to the 1949 Act as set out in Schedule 4 (stock charged on Consolidated Fund) before " Consolidated Fund *' insert " the National Loans Fund with recourse to".

In section 26(4) (expenses in connection with issue or repayment of stock to be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund) for " Consolidated Fund " read " National Loans Fund

SCHEDULE 6 Repeals Part I

General

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

56 Geo. 3. c. 98. The Consolidated Fund Act 1816. Section 22.

59 Geo. 3. c. 76. The Bank of England Act 1819. The whole Act.

17 & 18 Vict, c. 94. The Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act 1854. Section 2.

26 & 27 Vict, c. 25. The Savings Bank Investment Act 1863. The whole Act.

29 & 30 Vict, c. 39. The Exchequer and Audit Departments Act 1866. Section 21.

34 & 35 Vict, c. 36. The Pensions Commutation Act 1871. Section 12.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 45. The Sinking Fund Act 1875. The whole Act.

40 & 41 Vict. The Treasury Bills Act Section 3.

c.2. 1877. In section 5 the words from the beginning to " the Exchequer Sections 6 and 7. Section 13.

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

237

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

45 & 46 Vict c. 72. The Revenue, Friendly Societies and National Debt Act 1882. In section 18 the proviso.

47 & 48 Vict. The National Debt (Con- In section 1(5) the words * and

c. 23. version of Stock) Act 1884. paid out of the permanent annual charge of the National Debt". In section 9 the definition of the permanent annual charge of the National Debt.

47 & 48 Vict. The Revenue Act 1884. Section 13.

c. 62.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 24. The Public Accounts and Charges Act 1891. Section 4.

55 & 56 Vict, c. 48. The Bank Act 1892. Sections 1 to 4. In section 5(1) the words " as part of the permanent annual charge of the National Debt ".

57 & 58 Vict. The Merchant Shipping Section 661.

c. 60. Act 1894. Section 674.

60 & 61 Vict, c. 27. The Public Offices (Whitehall) Site Act 1897. Section 4.

61 & 62 Vict. The Finance Act 1898. Section 15.

c. 10.

61 & 62 Vict. The Merchant Shipping In section 2(4) the words " six

c. 44. (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act 1898. hundred and sixty-one ".

3 Edw. 7. c. 37. The Irish Land Act 1903. Section 32.

6 Edw. 7. c. 20. The Revenue Act 1906. Section 10.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. The Housing Act 1914. Section 2.

c. 31.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. The Finance Act 1915. Section 25.

c. 62.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. The War Loan Act 1919. Section 1(1X2X5X6).

c. 37.

10 All Geo.5. The Government of In section 20(3) the words from

c. 67. Ireland Act 1920. " and an officer " to the end of the subsection.

11 &12 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Finance Act 1921. In section 45(2) the words44 out of the Consolidated Fund".

20 & 21 Geo. 5. The Finance Act 1930. Section 48.

c. 28.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. The Agricultural Land Section 22.

c. 41. (Utilisation) Act 1931. In section 24 (a)the words 44 Except for the purposes of section 22 ".

22 & 23 Geo.5. c. 25. The Finance Act 1932. In section 24, subsections (2), (4), (5) and (6). Section 26.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 10. The North Atlantic Shipping Act 1934. The whole Act.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 54. The Cattle Industry (Emergency Provisions) Act 1934. The whole Act.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 The Land Registration Section 4(1).

Edw. 8. c. 26. Act 1936. In section 5(1) the proviso.

H* 3

238

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 43. The Tithe Act 1936. Section 24(6). Section 26(2X4).

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 47. The Crown Lands Act 1936. Section 1(6).

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 25. The Eire (Confirmation of Agreements) Act 1938. In section 2(3) paragraphs (6), (c) and (d). Section 3(2).

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 60. The Anglo-Turkish (Armaments Credit) Agreement Act 1938. The whole Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c.7. The Currency and Bank Notes Act 1939. The whole Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 57. The War Risks Insurance Act 1939. In section 16(3) the words from "and the amount*’ to the end of the subsection. Section 17.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 64. The Currency (Defence) Act 1939. The whole Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117. The National Loans Act 1939. Sections 1 and 2. In section 3, subsections (2) and (5). Section 4, but not so as to invalidate anything done before the coming into force of this Act. Schedule 1. In Schedule 2, paragraph 3.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 3. The National Loans Act 1940. The whole Act.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 23. The National Loans (No. 2) Act 1940. Section 1.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 18. The National Loans Act 1941. The whole Act

4 & 5 Geo. 6. The Finance Act 1941. Section 49.

c. 30.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 14. The National Loans Act 1942. The whole Act.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. The Finance Act 1942. Section 45.

c. 21.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 13. The National Loans Act 1943. The whole Act.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. The Finance Act 1943. Section 29.

c. 28.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 19. The National Loans Act 1944. The whole Act

7 & 8 Geo. 6. The Finance Act 1944. Section 47.

c. 23.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 36. The Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act 1944. In section 8 subsections (l)y (2), (4) and (7).

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 23. The National Loans Act 1945. The whole Act.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Finance Act 1945. Section 6.

c. 24.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 13. The Finance (No. 2) Act 1945. Section 48(2).

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

Chapter

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 19.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

c. 20.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 27.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 40.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 59.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

c. 64.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 82.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 26.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 6.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 14.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 20.

Short Title

The Bretton Woods Agreements Act 1945.

The Building Materials and Housing Act 1945. The Bank of England Act 1946.

The Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act 1946.

The Coal Industry Nationalisation Act 1946.

The Finance Act 1946. The New Towns Act 1946.

The Cable and Wireless Act 1946.

The Cotton (Centralised Buying) Act 1947.

The Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947.

The Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act 1947.

The Export Guarantees Act 1949.

The Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act 1949.

Extent of Repeal

Section 1.

In section 2, in subsection (1) the words "out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom*' and the words from " and the Treasury *’ to the end of the subsection, in subsection (2) the words "the Fund or* and subsection (3).

Sections 1 and 4.

Section 10(4).

In Schedule 1, paragraphs 2 and 12 and in paragraph 13, the words from " and issued out * to the end of the paragraph.

In section 1 subsection (1) and in subsection (2X6) the words from "and then issued* to the end of the subsection.

Section 3(2).

Section 4.

In section 28(2), the words from " and shall be issued * to the end of the subsection.

Section 33(3X5).

Section 34(2).

Section 64.

Section 12(4X6).

In section 13(4) the words " out of the Consolidated Fund*’.

In section 3(5), the words from " and issued out * to the end of the subsection.

In Schedule 2, paragraphs 3 and 8.

Section 21.

Section 64.

Section 65(3).

The whole Act.

In section 3, subsection (2), subsection (4X<z) with the word "and subsection (5X6) and subsection (6).

Section 7.

In section 8, in subsection (1), the words from " and shall be issued’’ to the end of the subsection and subsections (2) and (3).

SCH.

H* 4

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 36. The War Damage (Public Utility Undertakings) Act 1949. Section 3(5).

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 77. The Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act 1949. Section 1(2X4).

14 Geo. 6. c. 21. The Miscellaneous Finan-* rial Provisions Act 1950. Section 2(2X4).

14 Geo. 6. c. 34. The Housing (Scotland) Act 1950. Section 94(3X5).

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 8. The European Payments Union (Financial Provisions) Act 1950. The whole Act.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. The Marine and Aviation In section 5(3) the words from

and 1 Eliz. 2. Insurance (War Risks) "and the amount* to the

c. 57. Act 1952. end of the subsection. Section 6.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 15. The Iron and Steel Act 1953. Section 22.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 24. The Cotton Act 1954. Section 5(4).

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 44. The Finance Act 1954. Section 34(1X2). In Schedule 5, paragraphs 1, 3 and 4.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Post Office Savings In section 17(1) the word "or *

c. 62. Bank Act 1954. at the end of paragraph (c), and paragraph (</).

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Trustee Savings In section 32(1) the word "or *

c. 63. Banks Act 1954. at the end of paragraph (c), and paragraph

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Town and Country In section 64, subsections (2X5)

c. 73. Planning (Scotland) Act 1954. (6X7), in subsection (3Xc) the words "subject to the next following subsection * and in subsection (4), as respects sums paid after the coming into force of this Act, the words from "and shall be treated* to the end of the subsection.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 22. The Pensions (India, Pakistan and Burma) Act 1955. Section 1(1X6).

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 24. The Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act 1955. Section 15.

4 A 5 Eliz. 2. The International Finance In section 2 subsections (1) and

c.5. Corporation Act 1955. (2) and in subsection (3) the words from " and the sums so paid* to the end of the subsection.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 6. The Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act 1955. Section 2.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 48. The Sugar Act 1956. In section 5, subsection (3X and in subsection (5) the words from " and shall be issued* to the end of the subsection.

pfr pfr pfr Pfc Pfc> of* pfr pfr pfrpfr pft*

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

241

Chapter

5 Eliz. 2. 54.

6 Eliz. 2. 49.

7 Eliz. 2. 42.

8 Eliz. 2.

1.

8 Eliz. 2.

6.

8 Eliz. 2.

11.

8 Eliz. 2. 17.

8 Eliz. 2. 23.

8 Eliz. 2. 28.

8 Eliz. 2. 33.

8 Eliz. 2. 71.

Short Title The Finance Act 1956.

The Finance Act 1957.

The Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958.

The Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act 1958.

The National Debt Act 1958.

The European Monetary Agreement Act 1959.

The International Bank and Monetary Fund Act 1959.

The Overseas Resources Development Act 1959.

The Income Tax (Repayment of Post-war Credits) Act 1959.

The House Purchase and Housing Act 1959.

The Colonial Development and Welfare Act 1959.

Extent of Repeal

In section 42(6), the words from " and shall be issued * to the end of the subsection.

Section 43(1).

Section 41.

In section 17, subsections (4) and (6) and in subsection (8), the words from " and issued out of* to the end of the subsection.

In section 2(2), paragraph (a).

In section 7, subsections (1), (4) and (5).

In section 9, subsections (2) and (4) and, except as respects securities issued under that section before the coming into force of this Act, the remainder of the section.

Section 14(2).

In section 2, subsection (3), and in subsection (4) the words " out of the Consolidated Fund* and the words from " and any sums ’* to the end of the subsection.

In section 1, the words "out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom ’*, paragraph (a) and the words following paragraph (b).

In section 18, subsections (1) and (3).

In section 19, in subsection (1), the words from " and shall be issued* to the end of the subsection and subsections (2) and (3).

Section 4(2).

In section 2, in subsection (5) the words from " and for the purpose* to the end of the subsection and in subsection (6) the words from " and shall be issued * to the end of the subsection.

In section 3 in subsection (1) the words from " and any sums " to the end of the sub* section and subsections (2) and (4).

Sch. 6

242

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Sch. 6

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 35.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2.

c. 8.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 15.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2.

c. 36.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 49.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2.

c. 53.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 62.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 65.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 28.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

The Iron and Steel (Financial Provisions) Act 1960.

The International Development Association Act 1960.

The Electricity (Amendment) Act 1961.

The Post Office Act 1961.

The Finance Act 1961.

The Covent Garden Market Act 1961.

The North Atlantic Shipping Act 1961.

The Trustee Investments Act 1961.

The Housing Act 1961.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1962.

The Town and Country Planning Act 1962.

The whole Act.

In section 2, subsections (1) and (2) and in subsection (3) the words from " and the sums so paid " to the end of the subsection.

Section 1(4).

In section 9, subsection (3) and in subsection (4) the words from " and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection.

Section 13(4X5).

Section 14(3).

Section 19(1).

Section 35(3X4X6X7).

Section 36.

In section 40, subsection (5) and in subsection (6) the words from " and shall be issued " to the rad of the subsection.

The whole Act.

In Schedule 1 in the definition of "Treasury Bills " in paragraph 4 of Part IV the words " Exchequer bills and other ".

In section 7, in subsection (5) the words from " and for the purpose" to the end of the subsection, and in subsection (6) the words from "and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection.

In section 11, in subsection (5) the words from " and for the purpose ", to the end of the subsection and in subsection (6) the words from " and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection.

In section 194, subsections (5), (6) and (7) and in subsection (4), as respects payments made after the coming into force of this Act, the words from " and shall be treated " to the end of the subsection.

In Schedule 14 paragraphs 40, 41 and 42.

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

243

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 46. The Transport Act 1962. In section 20, subsection (4) and in subsection (5) the words from " and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection. In section 29(10) the words from " and so much *' to the end of the subsection. Section 36(4). Section 37. In section 39(8) the words from 44 and shall be issued44 to the end of the subsection.

1963 c. 25. The Finance Act 1963. Section 72.

1963 c. 59. The Electricity and Gas Act 1963. In section 2 subsection (5) and in subsection (6) the words from 44 and shall be issued44 to the end of the subsection.

1964 c. 7. The Shipbuilding Credit Act 1964. In section 2, subsection (2), in subsection (3) the words from 44 and shall be issued44 to the end of the subsection and subsection (6).

1964 c. 13. The International Development Association Act 1964. In section 2, in subsection (1) the words 44 out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom44 and subsection (2).

1964 c. 40. The Harbours Act 1964. In section 43, subsection (3) and in subsection (4) the words from 44 and shall be issued44 to the end of the subsection.

1964 c. 49. The Finance Act 1964. Section 25.

1964 c. 56. The Housing Act 1964. Section 9(4X6). In section 10(4) the words "out of the Consolidated Fund44.

1965 c. 2. The Administration of Justice Act 1965. In section 12(4) the words from 44 and shall be issued44 to the end of the subsection.

1965 c. 9. The Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act 1965. In the Schedule section 1(2X4) of the Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act 1949 set out as amended.

1965 c. 16. The Airports Authority Act 1965. In section 4(5) the words from 44 and shall be issued44 to the end of the subsection. In section 6, subsection (4) and in subsection (5) the words from 44 and shall be issued44 to the end of the subsection.

1965 c. 36. The Gas Act 1965. Section 31(1).

1965 c. 59. The New Towns Act 1965. Section 44(2X4). In section 45(2) the words from "and section 44(4)44 to the end of the subsection.

244

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1965 c. 59.— The New Towns Act In section 46(5Xa) and (b) the

corn. 1965.—cont. words " out of the Consolidated Fund ", and in section 46(5Xa) the words " and paid into the Exchequer " in the second place where those words occur.

1965 c. 62. The Redundancy Payments Act 1965. Section 35(3X5).

1965 c. 65. The International Monetary Fund Act 1965. The whole Act

1966 c. 15. The Military Aircraft (Loans) Act 1966. Section 1(3). Section 2(2).

1966 c. 21. The Overseas Aid Act 1966. In section 2 in subsection (1) the words " out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom " subsection (2) and in subsection (3) the words from " and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection.

1966 c. 28. The Docks and Harbours Act 1966. In section 41(9) the words from * and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection.

1966 c. 50. The Industrial Reorganisation Corporation Act 1966. In section 4 subsection (4) and in subsection (5) the words from " and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection.

1967 c. 1. The Land Commission Act 1967. Section 3(3X5).

1967 c. 17. The Iron and Steel Act 1967. In section 18(3) the words from " and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection. In section 20 subsection (4) and in subsection (5) the words from " and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection. Section 26(5X6).

1967 c. 33. The Air Corporations Act 1967. In section 8 subsection (4) and in subsection (5) the words from " and shall be issued " to the end of the subsection.

1967 c. 40. The Shipbuilding Industry Act 1967. Local Act In section 10, subsections (3) and (6) and in subsection (7) the words from "and subsection (6) " to the end of the subsection.

1966 c. xxv. The Tees and Hartlepools Port Authority Act 1966. In section 32(6) the words from " and shall be issued " to end of the subsection.

The repeals in this Part of this Schedule shall not affect any money borrowed before the coming into force of this Act, or any requirement as respects any account or statement for the year ending on 31st March 1968 or any earlier year.

National Loans Act 1968

Ch. 13

245

Part II

Public Works Loans

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Vict The Burial Act 1852. Section 21.

c. 85. 24 & 25 Vict. The Harbours and Pass- Section 3(2).

c. 47. ing Tolls, Ac., Act 1861.

25 & 26 Vict. The Harbours Transfer Section 20.

c. 69. Act 1862.

29 & 30 Vict The Harbour Loans Act The whole Act.

c. 30. 1866.

35 & 36 Vict. The Isle of Man Harbours In section 20 the words from

c. 23. Act 1872. "The Public Works Loan

38 & 39 Vict The Public Health Act Commissioners " to the end of the section. Sections 242 and 243.

c. 55. 1875. In section 301 the words from

38 & 39 Vict 39 Vict. The Public Works Loans " whenever '* to the end of the section. The whole Act.

c. 58. (Money) Act 1875.

38 & 39 Vict. The Local Loans Act Section 28.

c. 83. 1875.

38 & 39 Vict. The Public Works Loans Section 3.

c. 89. Act 1875. In section 5(3) the words from "within three months*' to "made*, the word "forthwith" and the words from " if Parliament '* to the end of paragraph (3). In section 9 the words from the beginning to " such purpose ". Section 40. In section 41 the words " and the National Debt Commissioners In section 43 the words from " Such accounts as the Treasury '* to the end of the section. Section 49. Section 56. Schedule 1. Section 6.

39 & 40 Vict The Public Works Loans

c. 31. (Money) Act 1876.

41 & 42 Vict. The Public Works Loans The whole Act.

c. 18. Act 1878.

44 & 45 Vict. The Public Works Loans Section 7.

c. 38. Act 1881.

50 & 51 Vict. The National Debt and The whole Act

c. 16. Local Loans Act 1887.

55 & 56 Vict The Military Lands Act Section 7.

c. 43. 1892.

57 & 58 Vict The Public Works Loans The whole Act.

c. 11. Act 1894.

59 & 60 Vict The Public Works Loans The whole Act

c. 42. Act 1896.

Sch. 6

246

Ch. 13

National Loans Act 1968

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

60 & 61 Vict. The Military Lands Act In section 1 the words " and of

c. 6. 1897. the Public Works Loan Com-

60 & 61 Vict. The Public Works Loans missioners to lend " and the words " and lending ". The whole Art.

c. 51. Act 1897.

62 & 63 Vict. The Public Works Loans The whole Art.

c. 31. Act 1899.

62 & 63 Vict. The Colonial Loans Act The whole Art.

c. 36. 1899.

62 & 63 Vict. The Small Dwellings Ac- Section 9(7).

c. 44. quisition Act 1899.

63 & 64 Vict. The Military Lands Act In section 1(2) the words " and

c. 56. 1900. of the Public Works Loan

3 Edw. 7. c. 46. The Revenue Act 1903. Commissioners to lend " and the words " and lending *. In section 16(1) the words " or

7 Edw. 7. c. 36. The Public Works Loans of an advance from the Local Loans Fund ". The whole Art.

7 Edw. 7. c. 43. Act 1907. The Education (Adminis- Section 8.

8 Edw. 7. c. 23. trative Provisions) Art 1907. The Public Works Loans The whole Art.

8 Edw. 7. c. 36. Art 1908. The Small Holdings and Section 52(2).

Allotments Art 1908. Section 53(5).

9 & 10 Geo. 3. The Land Settlement Section 14.

c. 59. (Facilities) Art 1919.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. The Government of Ire- In section 21(2) the words from

c. 67. land Art 1920. "and money for loans*’ to

12 & 13 Geo. 5. The Allotments Art 1922. the end of the subsection. Section 18(1).

c. 51.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. The Housing, &cArt In section 6(1) the words from

c. 24. 1923. "or the terms and" to the

13 & 14 Geo. 5. The Agricultural Credits end of the subsection. Section 1.

c. 34. Art 1923.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. The Allotments Art 1925. Section 2.

c. 61.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. The Housing (Rural In section 2(5X<z) the words

c. 56. Workers) Art 1926. "under section one of the

18 & 19 Geo. 5. The Agricultural Credits Public Works Loans Art 1897 * and the words " out of the Local Loans Fund *. In section 5(4) the words from " and the raising * to the end of the subsection. Section 1(3).

c. 43. Art 1928.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. The Agricultural Credits Section 1(3).

c. 13. (Scotland) Art 1929.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. The Land Drainage Art Section 46(5).

c. 44. 1930.

National Loans Act ,

Ch. 13

247

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

25 & 26 Geo. 5. a 24. The Finance Act 1935. Sections 28 to 31.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 40. The Housing Act 1935. In section 37(3) the words " under section 1 of the Public Works Loans Act 1897" and the words "out of the Local Loans Fund In section 92(2) the words "under section one of the Public Works Loans Act 1897 " and the words " out of the Local Loans Fund

25 & 26 Geo. 5. The Housing (Scotland) In section 34(3) the words

c. 41. Act 1935. " under section 1 of the Public Works Loans Act 1897" and the words "out of the Local Loans Fund ". In section 83(2) the words " under section one of the Public Works Loans Act 1897 " and the words " out of the Local Loans Fund

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 5. The Public Works Loans Act 1935. The whole Act.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8.C.49. The Public Health Act 1936. Section 311.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 7. The Public Works Loans (No. 2) Act 1937. The whole Act

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 31. The Civil Defence Act 1939. Section 29(4).

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 14. The Public Works Loans Act 1941. The whole Act.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 21. The Finance Act 1942. In Part I of Schedule 11 the words "Local Loans three per cent. Stock ", and the last entry (stock and bonds under ss. 28 and 29 of the Finance Act 1935). In Part II of Schedule 11 the entry relating to the National Debt and Local Loans Act 1887.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Local Authorities In section 2 subsection (1) and

c. 18. Loans Act 1945. in subsection (2) the word "such ". Sections 3 and 5.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 33. The Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1945. Section 46.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 75. The Public Works Loans (No. 2) Act 1946. The whole Act

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947. Section 276(1).

14 Geo. 6. c. 34. The Housing (Scotland) Act 1950. In paragraph 5(1) proviso of Schedule 7 the words " under section one of the Public Works Loans Act 1897 " and the words " out of the Local Loans Fund

248

Ch. 13

National Loans Act

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

IS & 16 Geo. 6 and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 52. The Prison Act 1952. Section 38(3).

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. The Public Works Loans In section 6 subsections (1)

c.3. Act 1952. and (2).

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. The Rural Water Supplies In section 1(3X6) the words

c. 13. and Sewerage Act 1955. " from the Local Loans Fund *.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Food and Drugs Act In section 88(3) the words from

c. 16. 1955. "and for the purposes* to the end of the subsection. In Schedule 9 the entry relating to section 311 of the Public Health Act 1936.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Housing (Financial In the proviso to paragraph

c. 42. Provisions) Act 1958. 7(1) of Schedule 3 the words " under section one of the Public Works Loans Act 1897* and the words "out of the Local Loans Fund *.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 25. The Highways Act 1959. In section 198(2) the words "under section one of the Public Works Loans Act 1897*.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 65. The Housing Act 1961. In section 7(2X<*) the words "under section one of the Public Works Loans Act 1897*.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Housing (Scotland) In section 11(2X<0 the words "under section one of the Public Works Loans Act 1897*.

c. 28. Act 1962.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 38. The Town and Country Planning Act 1962. Section 187.

1963 c. 29. The Load Authorities (Land) Act 1963. In section 3(4), the words " under section 1 of the Public Works Loans Act 1897*.

1964 c. 9. The Public Works Loans Act 1964. Sections 1 to 5. In section 9 subsection (2) and in subsection (3) paragraphs (a) and (c). All the Schedules.

1964 c. 40. The Harbours Act 1964. In section 13(2), in paragraph (a) the words " or section 9 of the Public Works Loans Act 1875 ’’ and paragraph (6).

1964 c. 67. The Local Government (Development and Finance) (Scotland) Act 1964. In section 7(4) the word "lower ’* and the words " under section 2 of the Public Works Loans Act 1964 ’*.

1965 c. 63. The Public Works Loans Act 1965. Section 1.

1966 c. 16. The Public Works Loans Act 1966. The whole Act.

1967 c. 61. The Public Works Loans Act 1967. Section 1.

The repeals in this Part of this Schedule shall not have effect in relation to any loans made before the coming into force of this Act

Ch. 14

249

Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 14

An Act to increase contributions payable under the National Insurance Act 1965 and the National Health Service Contributions Act 1965, and to strengthen the provisions of the former Act as to enforcement; to restrict the enactments providing for the supply of milk to school children; to provide compensation for civil defence employees in connection with the reduction of activities under section 2 of the Civil Defence Act 1948; to provide for increasing, or for abolishing in the interests of economy, certain fees and other payments; and to amend section 3 of the Local Employment Act 1960 as regards consultation with the advisory committee; and for purposes connected therewith.

[20th March 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In the National Insurance Act 1965 for the pro- Contributions visions set out in Schedule 1 there shall be substituted the J^er National provisions set out in Schedule 1 to this Act (in place of the provisions previously substituted by the National Insurance Act 1965 5j 1967); and there shall be paid out of moneys provided by 1957 c[ 73] Parliament any resulting increase in the sums so payable by way of Exchequer supplement under section 7 of the National Insurance Act 1965.

250

Ch. 14 Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968

1965 c. 51.

1967 c. 73.

National Health Service contributions. 1965 c. 54.

(2) The places liable to inspection under section 90 of the National Insurance Act 1965 for the purpose of ascertaining whether contributions are or have been payable, or have been duly paid, by or in respect of any person shall include any premises or place where an inspector appointed under the Act has reasonable ground for supposing that there is being carried on any agency or other business for the introduction or supply to persons requiring them of persons available to do work or perform services; and the persons subject to the obligations imposed by section 90(3) for that purpose shall include (in addition to the occupier of any such premises or place and the other persons specified in section 90(3)) any person who is or has been carrying on any such business.

(3) Where a person is convicted of an offence under section 90(4) (&) of the National Insurance Act 1965 (refusal or neglect to answer questions, furnish information etc. when required under that section) and the refusal or neglect is continued by him after his conviction, he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds for each day on which it is so continued.

Section 93(3) (liability of directors and others for offences of body corporate) and section 94 (general provisions as to prosecutions) of the National Insurance Act 1965 shall apply in relation to offences under this section as they apply in relation to offences under that Act.

(4) Sections 107(1) and 108 of the National Insurance Act 1965 (which require a draft of certain regulations under the Act to be approved by Parliament, and a preliminary draft of any regulations to be submitted to the National Insurance Advisory Committee) shall not apply to any regulations if they are contained in a statutory instrument made within the six months beginning with the date of the passing of this Act and the instrument states that it is made in consequence of the passing of subsection (1) above; but that subsection shall not come into force until such date as the Minister of Social Security may appoint by order made by statutory instrument, which shall be laid before Parliament after being made.

(5) As from the coming into force of subsection (1) above there are hereby repealed section l(l)(a) of the National Insurance Act 1967 and Schedule 1 to that Act.

2. In the National Health Service Contributions Act 1965 for the provisions set out in the Schedule there shall, as from the coming into force of section 1(1) of this Act, be substituted the provisions set out in Schedule 2 to this Act.

Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968 Ch. 14

251

3. —(1) Regulations made under section 49 of the Education School milk. Act 1944 as to the provision of milk for pupils shall not impose 1944 c. 31. on local education authorities the duty of providing milk for

pupils other than pupils in attendance at primary schools or special schools nor for senior pupils in attendance at schools which are primary schools only by virtue of section 114(3) of that Act; and the power under section 7 8 (2) (a) of that Act to make arrangements as to the provision of milk for pupils in attendance at schools not maintained by the local education authority shall apply only to primary schools and special schools and to junior pupils in other schools.

(2) Section 53 of the Education (Scotland) Act 1962 (which, 1962 c. 47. amongst other things, imposes a duty or, in certain circumstances, confers a power, on education authorities to provide, or

to make arrangements for the provision of, milk for pupils and others) shall, so far as it relates to pupils in attendance at public schools, junior colleges or other educational establishments, be construed as imposing such a duty, or, as the case may be, conferring such a power, only in relation to pupils receiving primary education or special educational treatment; and the power under section 55 of that Act to make arrangements as to the provision of milk for pupils in attendance at schools other than public schools shall have effect only in relation to pupils receiving primary education or special educational treatment

(3) Any regulations or arrangements made before the coming into force of this section shall cease to have effect in so far as they make provision to the contrary of subsection (1) or (2) above.

(4) Expressions used in this section and in the Education Acts 1944 to 1967 or, as regards Scotland, the Education (Scotland)

Acts 1939 to 1967 shall be construed in like manner in this section as in those Acts.

(5) This section shall not have effect, as regards England and Wales, until the term following the summer term 1968 (and for this purpose "summer term" means the term ending last before the month of September) or, as regards Scotland, until the 1st August 1968.

4. —(1) The Secretary of State shall make regulations for the Compensation payment by such local authority or police authority as may be to civil prescribed by or determined under die regulations, but subject employees for to such exceptions or conditions as may be so prescribed, of com- loss of pensation to or in respect of persons who are the holders of employment any such place, situation or employment as may be so prescribed ctc-

and who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments which is attributable to the revocation or amendment of any regulations made under section 2 of the Civil 5 ., Defence Act 1948.

252

Ch. 14 Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968

1948 c. 5 (12,13 & 14 Geo. 6.).

Increase of fees etc.

(2) The compensation payable by any authority shall be payable out of the same fund as expenditure of that authority under section 2 of the Civil Defence Act 1948, and section 3 of that Act (grants towards expenses of local and police authorities) shall apply in relation to expenses incurred in paying the com* pensation as if they were expenses incurred by virtue of section 2.

(3) Different regulations may be made under this section in relation to different classes of persons, and regulations so made may include provision as to the manner in which and the person to whom any claim for compensation under this section is to be made and for the determination of all questions arising under the regulations.

(4) Regulations under this section shall not be made with reference to the revocation or amendment after the 31st March 1969 of regulations under section 2 of the Civil Defence Act 1948, but may be made with reference to the revocation or amendment of any such regulations and matters arising thereout before the making of the regulations under this section or the passing of this Act; but in so far as any regulations under this section are framed so as to operate with reference to a date earlier than the making thereof, the regulations shall not place any person other than the authority required by the regulations to pay compensation in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had not been so framed.

(5) Regulations made under this section shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(6) In this section " local authority " has the same meaning as in section 2 of the Civil Defence Act 1948.

5.—(1) With a view to securing from the fees, charges or other payments required or regulated by the enactments mentioned in column 1 of Schedule 3 to this Act a net return corresponding more nearly with the cost of the matters for which they are payable, or to dispensing with payments from which a net return cannot reasonably be expected, those enactments may be amended by an order made by the Minister specified in relation to the enactment in question in column 2 of the Schedule, so as to vary any sum specified by the enactment as the amount or maximum amount of any payment, or so as to provide that any sum payable under the enactment shall cease to be payable.

(2) The powers conferred by subsection (1) above in relation to any enactment shall be exercisable in relation to that enactment as applied by any other enactment, and shall include power—

(a) to make different provision for different cases, or provision limited to specified cases; and

Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968 Ch. 14

253

(b) to repeal any enactment superseded by the exercise of the powers (including any enactment amending an enactment mentioned in Schedule 3 to this Act); and

(c) to vary or revoke any previous order under subsection

(1) above.

(3) The power to make orders under subsection (1) above shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(4) There shall be paid into the Exchequer any addition resulting from this section to the sums so payable by virtue of any other enactment.

(5) This section shall extend to Northern Ireland in so far as it affects—

(a) section 9 of the Fees (Increase) Act 1923 in its operation 1923 c. 4.

on any enactment relating to matters in respect of which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has no power to make laws; or

(b) section 90(2) of the Transport Act 1962. 1962 c. 46.

6. In section 3(1) of the Local Employment Act 1960 (which procedure for provides for the making of building grants to enterprises in building development areas, but requires the Board of Trade to consult g™11}8 m the advisory committee) for the words " after consultation with ^opment an advisory committee appointed by the Board (hereinafter 1960' .g referred to as ‘ the advisory committee *) " there shall be substituted the words " after consultation, if the Board see fit, with

the advisory committee (that is to say, an advisory committee appointed for the purposes of this Act by the Board) ".

7. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Public Expenditure short title

and Receipts Act 1968. and extent.

(2) Subject to section 5(5) above, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland, except in so far as section 1 or 2 affects the operation of any enactment which does so extend in the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1967 or in the National Health Service 1955 c. 54. Contributions Act 1965.

254

Ch. 14 Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968

Section 1. 1965 c. 51.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Provisions to bb substituted in Schedule 1 to National Insurance Act 1965

Rates of Flat-Rate Contributions Part I

Employed persons

Weekly Rate of Contribution

Description of employed person 1 Unless by virtue of anon-participating employment 2 If by virtue of a non-oarticiDatinjz employment 3

Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (other than men over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment)— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate s. d. s. d.

exceeding £6 Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 12 8 15 1

£6 or less Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (other than women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employment)— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate 7 5 8 8

exceeding £6 Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 11 0 12 6

£6 or less 6 4 7 1

Boys under the age of 18 8 8 —

Girls under the age of 18 7 1 —

For the purposes of this Part and Part II of this Schedule a person shall be deemed to be earning remuneration at a weekly rate of £6 or less if, but only if, his remuneration does not include the provision of board and lodging by the employer and the rate of the remuneration neither exceeds, nor is deemed in accordance with regulations made under section 114(5) of this Act to exceed, £6 a week, and to be earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding £6 in any other case.

Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968 Ch. 14

255

Part II

Employers

Weekly Rate of Contribution

Description of employed person 1 Unless by virtue of a nonparticipating employment 2 if by virtue of a non participating employment 3

Men ova the age of 18— Faming remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding £6 or not being liable to pay a s. d. £ s. d.

contribution as an employed person ... Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of £6 or less and being liable to pay a con- 14 1 16 6

tribution as an employed person Women over the age of 18— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding £6 or not being liable to pay 19 4 1 2 11

a contribution as an employed person Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of £6 or less and being liable to pay a con- 12 3 13 9

tribution as an employed person 16 11 19 2

Boys under the age of 18 9 6 —

Girls under the age of 18 7 10

For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule a person over pension* able age, not being an insured person, shall be treated as an employed person if he would be an insured person were he under pensionable age and would be an employed person were he an insured person.

Part III

Self-Employed Persons

Description of self-employed person 1 Weekly Rate of Contribution 2

Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (other than men over s. d.

the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment) Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (other than women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular 18 0

employment) 15 8

Boys under the age of 18 10 9

Girls under the age of 18 8 11

256

Ch. 14 Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968

Section 2. 1965 c. 54.

Part IV

NonrEmployed Persons

Description of non-employed person 1 Weekly Rate of Contribution 2

s. d.

Men between the ages of 18 and 65 14 3

Women between the ages of 18 and 60 11 2

Boys under the age of 18 8 2

Girls under the age of 18 6 4

SCHEDULE 2

Provisions to be substituted in the Schedulb to National Health Service Contributions Act 1965

Rates of National Health Service Contributions

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

Description of persons Weekly Rate of Contribution

Employed men between the ages of 18 and 70, other than men over the age of 65 who have retired from s. d.

regular employment Employed women between the ages of 18 and 65, other than women over the age of 60 who have 3 2

retired from regular employment 2 6

Employed boys and girls under the age of 18 1 7

Employers Self-employed men between the ages of 18 and 70, other than men over the age of 65 who have retired 8

from regular employment Self-employed women between the ages of 18 and 65, other than women over the age of 60 who have 3 4

retired from regular employment 2 8

Self-employed boys and girls under the age of 18 ... 1 9

Non-employed men between the ages of 18 and 65 ... 3 4

Non-employed women between the ages of 18 and 60 2 8

Non-employed boys and girls under the age of 18 ... 1 9

Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968 Ch. 14

257

SCHEDULE 3 Variation of Fees etc.

Enactments requiring or regulating payment

Relevant

Minister

1. (a) The Births and Deaths Registration Act 1836 (c. 86) section 35.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act 1874 (c. 88) section 28.

The Education Act 1944 (c. 31) section 94.

►The Minister of Health.

The Marriage Act 1949 (c. 76).

The Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953 (c. 20).

The Registration Service Act 1953 (c. 37) section 18(3) and (4).

(b) The Savings Banks Act 1887 (c. 40) section 10.

The Friendly Societies Act 1896 (c. 25) section 97.

The Young Persons (Employment) Act 1938 (c. 69) section 5.

The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948 (c. 39) Schedule 1, paragraph 7.

The Shops Act 1950 (c. 28) section 35.

The Minister of Health or, as regards Scotland, the Secretary of State.

The Factories Act 1961 (c. 34) section 178(1).

The Education (Scotland) Act 1962 (c. 47) section 99(1).

The National Insurance Act 1965 (c. 51) section 91(2).

2. The Places of Worship Registration Act 1855 (c. 81).

The Marriage and Registration Act 1856 (c. 119) section 24.

>The Minister of Health.

3. The Lyon King of Arms Act 1867 (c. 17) Schedule B.

The Secretary of State.

4. The Explosives Act 1875 (c. 17) section 49, and Schedule 3.

The Secretary of State.

5. The Fees (Increase) Act 1923 (c. 4) section 7.

The Secretary of State.

I

Section 5.

258

Ch. 14 Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968

6.

Enactments requiring or regulating payment

Relevant

Minister

The Fees (Increase) Act 1923 (c.

section 9.

The Local Government Act 1933

4)

(c.

51) section 290(4).

The Road and Rail Traffic Act 1933

(c. 53) section 47(2).

The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 (c. 43) section 355(8).

Hie Road Traffic Act 1960 (c. 16) section 249(1X^0*

The Transport Act 1962 (c. 46) section 90(2).

>The Treasury.

7. (a) The Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1954 (c. 73) section 50(8).

(b) The Town and Country Planning Act 1962 (c. 38) section 99(9).

The Secretary of State.

The Minister of Housing and Local Government.

8. The Road Traffic Act 1960 (c. 16) sections 212 and 213.

The Minister of Health or, as regards Scotland, the Secretary of State.

9. The Sea Fisheries Regulation Act 1966 (c. 38) section 9.

The Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

Ch. 15

259

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 15

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on 31st March 1967, 1968 and 1969.

[28th March 1968]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of it^Fund the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply fo/theVein "" granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on i967nfnd1it968!,rch 31st March 1967 and 1968, the sum of £104,462,539 10s. 4d.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply forTheyw "" granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on im 3l#t " 31st March 1969, the sum of £3,989,612,400.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Short title. Act 1968.

Ch. 16

261

New Towns (Scotland)

Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 16

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to new towns and to matters connected therewith, being those enactments in their application to Scotland; with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act 1949.

[28th March 1968]

Bb rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

New towns and their development corporations

1.—(1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied, after consultation Designation with any local authorities who appear to him to be concerned, of site of that it is expedient in the national interest that any area of new town-land should be developed as a new town by a corporation established under this Act, he may make an order designating that area as the site of the proposed new town.

(2) An order under this section may include in the area designated as the site of the proposed new town any existing town or other centre of population; and references in this Act to a new town or proposed new town shall be construed accordingly.

(3) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the procedure to be followed in connection with the making of orders under this section and with respect to the validity and date of operation of such orders.

(4) As soon as may be after an order under this section becomes operative, the Secretary of State shall record it in the Register of Sasines.

262

Ch. 16

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act 1968

(5) Section 10(4) of this Act applies where it is proposed to make an order under this section.

(6) Section 46(5) of this Act applies to any order under this section which designates an area as the site of a proposed new town, and to certain orders for extending the area of a new town.

Establishment 2.—(1) For the purposes of the development of each new

of development town the site of which is designated under section 1 of this fornew*100 Act, the Secretary of State shall by order establish a corporation

town. (in this Act called a development corporation) consisting of

a chairman, a deputy chairman and such number of other members, not exceeding seven, as may be prescribed by the order; and every such corporation shall be a body corporate by such name as may be prescribed by the order, with perpetual succession and a common seal.

(2) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the constitution and proceedings of any development corporation established under this Act.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as exempting a development corporation from liability for any tax, duty, rate, levy or other charge whatsoever, whether general or local.

Objects and 3.—(1) The objects of a development corporation estab-

general powers Mshed for the purposes of a new town shall be to secure the of development laying out and development of the new town in accordance corporation. with. proposals approved in that behalf under the following provisions of this Act.

(2) Subject to section 4 of this Act, every such corporation shall, for the purpose of securing the laying out and development of the new town as aforesaid, have power—

(a) to acquire, hold, manage and dispose of land and other

property;

(b) to carry out building and other operations;

(c) to provide water, electricity, gas, sewerage and other

services;

(d) to carry on any business or undertaking in or for the purposes of the new town,

and generally to do anything necessary or expedient for the purposes of the new town or for purposes incidental thereto.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred on development corporations by this Act, a development corporation—

(< a)may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, contribute such sums as the Secretary of State, with the

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act

Ch. 16

263

concurrence of the Treasury, may determine towards expenditure incurred or to be incurred by any local authority or statutory undertakers in the performance, in relation to the new town, of any of their statutory functions, including expenditure so incurred in the acquisition of land; and

(b) may, with the like consent, contribute such sums as the Secretary of State, with the like concurrence, may determine by way of assistance towards the provision of amenities for the new town.

(4) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that subsection (2) above relates only to the capacity of a develop ment corporation as a statutory corporation; and nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising the disregard by a development corporation of any enactment or rule of law.

(5) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby also declared—

(a) that the power of acquiring land conferred by sub-

section (2) above on a development corporation established for the purposes of a new town includes power to acquire any land within the area of the new town, whether or not it is proposed to develop that particular land; and

(b) that the power of disposing of land conferred by that

subsection on such a development corporation includes, in relation to any land within the area of the new town, power to dispose of that land whether or not the development of that particular land has been proposed or approved under section 6(1) of this Act.

4.—(1) A development corporation shall not have power to Restrictions

borrow money except by way of advance from the Secretary of on powers of

State under this Act. development

corporation.

(2) Without prejudice to any provision of this Act requiring the consent of the Secretary of State to be obtained for anything to be done by a development corporation, the Secretary of State may give directions to any such corporation for restricting the exercise by them of any of their powers under this Act or for requiring them to exercise those powers in any manner specified in the directions.

(3) Before giving any directions to a development corporation under subsection (2) above the Secretary of State shall consult with the chairman of the corporation, or, if the chairman is not available, with the deputy chairman, unless he is satisfied that, on account of urgency, such consultation is impracticable.

264 Ch. 16 N Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

(4) A transaction between a person and a development corporation acting in purported exercise of their powers under this Act shall not be void by reason only that it was carried out in contravention of a direction given by the Secretary of State under subsection (2) above unless that person had actual notice of that direction.

(5) Without prejudice to section 3(4) of this Act, nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorising a development corporation to carry on any undertaking for the supply of water, electricity or gas, or any railway, light railway, tramway or trolley vehicle undertaking except under the authority of an enactment not contained in this Act specifically authorising them to do so or, in the case of a trolley vehicle undertaking, under the authority of such an enactment or of an order under section 32 of this Act.

Allocation 5.—(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State, in the case of

or transfer the area of any new town, that there are exceptional circum-functions to* stances which render it expedient that the functions of a existing or new development corporation under this Act should be performed development by the development corporation established for the purposes of corporation, any other new town instead of by a separate corporation established for the purpose, he may, instead of establishing such a separate corporation, by order direct that the said functions shall be performed by the development corporation established for the said other new town.

(2) If it appears to the Secretary of State that there are exceptional circumstances which render it expedient that the functions of a development corporation established for the purposes! of a new town should be transferred to the development corporation established for the purposes of any other new town, or to a new development corporation to be established for the purposes of the first-mentioned new town, he may by order provide for the dissolution of the first-mentioned corporation and for the transfer of its functions, property, rights and liabilities to the development corporation established for the purposes of the said other new town, or, as the case may be, to a new corporation established for the purposes of the first-mentioned new town by the order.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of this Act with respect to the variation of orders made thereunder, an order under this section providing for the exercise of functions in relation to a new town by the development corporation established for the purposes of another new town, or for the transfer of such functions to such a corporation, may modify the name and constitution of that corporation in such manner as appears to the Secretary of State to be expedient, and for the purposes of this

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

Act that corporation shall be treated as having been established for the purposes of each of those new towns.

(4) Before making an order under this section providing for the transfer of functions from or to a development corporation or for the exercise of any functions by such a corporation, the Secretary of State shall consult with that corporation.

Planning control in new towns

6,—(1) The development corporation established for the purposes of a new town shall from time to time submit to the Secretary of State, in accordance with any directions given by him in that behalf, their proposals for the development of land within the area of the new town, and the Secretary of State, after consultation with the local planning authority within whose district the land is situated, and with any other local authority who appear to him to be concerned, may approve any such proposals either with or without modification.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by section 11 of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947, a special development order made by the Secretary of State under that section with respect to the area of a new town may grant permission for any development of land in accordance with proposals approved under subsection (1) above, subject to such conditions, if any (including conditions requiring details of any proposed development to be submitted to the local planning authority), as may be specified in the order.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to give to a development corporation established under this Act such directions with respect to the disposal of land acquired by them thereunder and with respect to the development by them of such land, as appear to him to be necessary or expedient for securing, so far as practicable, the preservation of any features of special architectural or historic interest, and in particular of buildings included in any list compiled or approved under section 28 of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947 (which relates to the compilation or approval by the Secretary of State of lists of buildings of special architectural or historic interest).

(4) In the case of land which forms a frontage to a road, or abuts on or is adjacent to a road, a local highway authority or the Secretary of Sta'e may enter into an agreement with any owner of the land imposing on the land, so far as that owner’s interest in the land enables him to bind it, restrictions for controlling the development of the land.

I*

Planning control in new town.

1947 c. 53.

266

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotlan) Act 1968

1966 c. 49. (5) Any agreement under subsection (4) above may, within three months after the date on which it was entered into, be recorded in the Register of Sasines, and on being so recorded shall be enforceable by die local highway authority or the Secretary of State, as the case may be, against the said owner and against any person deriving title from him. (6) The provisions of section 174(1) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 shall apply in relation to any such development as aforesaid, being development carried out by the corporation in accordance with proposals approved by the Secretary of State under subsection (1) of this section, as they apply in relation to things done in pursuance of housing operations to which the said section 174 applies.

Acquisition of land by development corporation. Acquisition of land by development corporations and highway authorities 7.—(1) The development corporation established for the purposes of a new town may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, acquire by agreement, or may, by means of an order made by the corporation and submitted to and confirmed by the Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of Part 1 of Schedule 3 to this Act, be authorised to acquire compulsorily— (a) any land within the area of the new town, whether or not it is proposed to develop that particular land; (b) any land adjacent to that area which they require for purposes connected with the development of the new town; (c) any land, whether adjacent to that area or not, which they require for the provision of services for the purposes of the new town. (2) A compulsory purchase order under this section shall, in so far as it relates to land— (a) which is the property of a local authority, or which is held inalienably by the National Trust, or (б) which forms part of a common or open space, be subject to the special provisions of Part IV of the said Schedule 3. (3) Where a development corporation have been authorised under subsection (1) above to acquire compulsorily land forming part of a common or open space, they may be authorised under that subsection to acquire compulsorily, or may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, acquire by agreement, land for giving in exchange for the land acquired. (4) The provisions of Part V of the said Schedule 3 shall have effect with respect to the validity and date of operation of compulsory purchase orders under this section.

— " i ! i i ii i ii i i

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act 1968

Ch. 16

267

(5) In relation to operational land of statutory undertakers the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to section 10 of this Act

&—(1) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the con- Acquisition

struction or improvement of a road is needed— of kad for

* hi imwavs m

(a) outside the area of a new town, for the purpose of connection

securing the development of land in that area in with new accordance with proposals approved by the Secretary towns, of State under section 6 of this Act, or

(b) for the purpose of providing proper means of access

to such an area,

a local highway authority may be authorised, by means of an order made by the authority and submitted to and confirmed by the Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of Parts I and II of Schedule 3 to this Act, to acquire compulsorily any land as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied that its acquisition by the authority is requisite—

(i) for the construction or improvement of the road, or

(ii) for carrying out the improvement, or controlling the

development, of frontages to the road or of lands abutting on or adjacent to the road.

(2) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the construction or improvement of a road is needed to supersede a part of a trunk road whose supersession appears to him to be expedient for any such purpose as is mentioned in subsection

(l)(a) or (b) above, he may be authorised, by means of an order made by him in accordance with the provisions of Part III of Schedule 3 to this Act, to acquire compulsorily any land as to which he is satisfied that its acquisition by him is requisite—

(a) for the construction or improvement of the road, or

(b) for carrying out the improvement, or controlling the

development, of frontages to the road or of lands abutting on or adjacent to the road.

(3) A compulsory purchase order under this section shall, in so far as it relates to land—

(a) which is the property of a local authority or which is

held inalienably by the National Trust, or

(b) which forms part of a common or open space,

be subject to the special provisions of Part IV of the said Schedule 3.

(4) Where an acquiring authority have been authorised under subsection (1) or subsection (2) above to acquire compulsorily land forming part of a common or open space, that

I. 2

268

Ch. 16

New Towns ( Scotlan)

Recording of compulsory purchase orders.

Special

procedure for

acquisition of

statutory

undertakers*

operational

land.

authority may be authorised under the same subsection to acquire compulsorily land for giving in exchange for the land acquired.

(5) The provisions of Part V of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the validity and date of operation of compulsory purchase orders under this section.

(6) A local highway authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, acquire by agreement any land which they could be authorised under subsection (1) above to acquire compulsorily.

(7) In relation to operational land of statutory undertakers the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to section 10 of this Act.

9. As soon as may be after a compulsory purchase order under section 7 or 8 of this Act becomes operative, the acquiring authority shall record it in the Register of Sasines.

10. —(1) In the case of operational land of statutory undertakers—

(a) an order under section 7(1) of this Act authorising the

compulsory acquisition of that land by a development corporation, or an order under section 8(1) of this Act authorising its compulsory acquisition by a local highway authority, may, instead of being made and confirmed as provided in the said section 7(1) or 8(1), as the case may be, be made by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister in accordance with the provisions of Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act on the application of that development corporation or local highway authority;

(b) an order under section 8(2) of this Act authorising the

compulsory acquisition of that land by the Secretary of State may, instead of being made as provided in the said section 8(2), be made by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the said Schedule 4;

and in relation to a compulsory purchase order made as provided in paragraph (a) or (b) above the provisions of Parts IV and V of Schedule 3 to this Act shall apply accordingly subject, in the case of the said Part V, to the modifications set out in Part III of Schedule 4 to this Act.

(2) If any objection to an application for a compulsory purchase order to be made in accordance with subsection (l)(a) above, or to a proposal to make such an order in accordance with subsection (1 )(b)above, is duly made by any statutory undertakers, and any of the land to which the application or

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

269

proposal relates is operational land of those undertakers, then, unless that objection is withdrawn, any order made on the application or proposal shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(3) Where a compulsory purchase order under section 7 or 8 of this Act, not being an order made as provided in subsection <1)(a) or (b) above, is submitted, or is proposed to be made, in accordance with Schedule 3 to this Act, and -with respect to any land (being the whole or part of the land to which the order relates) statutory undertakers make to the appropriate Minister, in the prescribed manner and within the time within which objections to the order may be made—

(a) a representation that the first-mentioned land is operational land, and

(b) a request for that land to be excluded from the order,

and it is determined that that land is operational land, then, subject to the following provisions of this section—

(i) if that land constitutes the whole of the land to which

the order relates, the order shall not be confirmed or not be made, as the case may be, and

(ii) if that land forms part only of the land to which the

order relates, the order shall be modified so as to exclude that land.

(4) Where it is proposed to make an order under section 1 of this Act, any statutory undertakers may, with respect to any land within the area to be designated by the order as the site of the proposed new town, make to the appropriate Minister, in the prescribed form and within the time allowed for making objections to the order, a representation that that land is operational land.

(5) Where a representation is made under subsection (4) above with respect to any land, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may make an order, which shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure, declaring that it is expedient that that land should be subject to compulsory acquisition.

(6) Where, in the case of a compulsory purchase order under section 7 of this Act, any land to which the order relates is within the area of a new town and is land in relation to which, apart from this subsection, subsection (3) above would apply, the said subsection (3) shall not apply in relation to that land—

(a) if no representation was made under subsection (4)

above with respect thereto, or

(b) if an order under subsection (5) above has come into

force with respect thereto.

I. 3

270

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Right to 11. Where any land within the area designated by an order

require under section 1 of this Act as the site of a new town has not

development acquired by the development corporation within the period

acqukeland. °* seven yea18 from the date on which that order, or the amending order by virtue of which that area was first extended to include that land, became operative and has not been so acquired since the end of that period, any owner of that land may by notice in writing served on the corporation require them to purchase his interest therein; and thereupon the corporation shall be deemed to have been authorised to acquire that interest compulsorily under the foregoing provisions of this Act, and to have served notice to treat in respect thereof on the date on which the notice was served on diem under this section.

Application of Lands Causes Acts etc. and modification of Land Compensation (Scotland)

Act 1963, for purposes of this Act.

1845 c. 33. 1963 c. 51.

1923 c. 20.

12.—(1) The Lands Clauses Acts and section 6 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 are hereby incorporated with this Act subject to any necessary adaptations and to the provisions of Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act.

(2) The Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963 shall, in its application for the purposes of this Act, have effect subject to any necessary adaptations and to the provisions of Part II of Schedule 6 to this Act

(3) A compulsory purchase order may make provision for the incorporation with this Act of section 70 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 (which relates to the exception of minerals from purchases) and sections 71 to 78 of that Act (which relate to restrictions on the working of minerals) as originally enacted and not as amended for certain purposes by section 15 of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act 1923, or of the said section 70 only.

Such provision may be made as to all or any of the land to which the compulsory purchase order relates, and may include such modification of references in the said sections to the railway or works, or to the company, as may be specified in the order; and for the purposes of any such incorporation of those sections, this Act and the compulsory purchase order shall be deemed to be the special Act.

Measure of 13.—(1) Where statutory undertakers are entitled to compen-

compensation sation in respect of a compulsory acquisition under this Act of f7 f^Ttion operational land, the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act shall undCTtakere’ have as regards the assessment of the amount of that operational compensation.

land* (2) In this section " compensation in respect of a compulsory

acquisition " includes compensation payable in connection with the acquisition for damage sustained by reason of the severing

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968 Ch. 16 271

of the land acquired from other land held therewith or otherwise injuriously affecting such other land, and compensation payable for disturbance or any other matter not directly based on the value of the land.

14. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, upon the Extinguish-completion by the acquiring authority of a compulsory acquisi-

tion of land under this Act, all private rights of way and land rights of laying down, erecting, continuing or maintaining any compulsorily apparatus on, under or over the land and all other rights or acquired, servitudes in or relating to that land shall be extinguished, and any such apparatus shall vest in the acquiring authority.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to any right vested in, or apparatus belonging to, statutory undertakers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking.

(3) In respect of any right or apparatus not falling within subsection (2) above, subsection (1) above shall have effect subject—

(a) to any direction given by the acquiring authority before

the completion of the acquisition that the said subsection (1) shall not apply to any right or apparatus specified in the direction, and

(b) to any agreement which may be made (whether before

or after the completion of the acquisition) between the acquiring authority and the person in or to whom the right or apparatus in question is vested or belongs.

(4) Any person who suffers loss by the extinguishment of a right or servitude or the vesting of any apparatus under this section shall be entided to compensation from the acquiring authority.

(5) Any compensation payable under this section shall be determined in accordance with the Land Compensation (Scot- 1963 c. 51. land) Act 1963.

Expedited completion of compulsory acquisition

15. —(1) Where the Minister having jurisdiction to do so Order confirms or makes a compulsory purchase order, and— providing for

(a) the order as submitted or the draft of the order or completion.

the application for the order, as the case may be, contained, or included an application for, a direction under this section, and

(b) when he confirms or makes the order the said Minister

is satisfied that it is requisite that the acquiring authority should have power to enter upon any land (being the whole or any part of the land to which the order relates) and to secure its vesting in that authority

I. 4

272

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

1943 c. 21.

General effect of order providing for expedited completion.

before the expiry of the time which would be required for the service of notices to treat,

the order may include a direction that the provisions of this Act relating to expedited completion shall apply to the order so far as it relates to the first-mentioned land.

(2) Where a compulsory purchase order containing a direction under this section is made in respect of land which has sustained war damage within the meaning of the War Damage Act 1943, being damage which has not been made good before the date on which the order is recorded under section 9 of this Act. the acquiring authority shall notify the Commissioners of Inland Revenue when the order is so recorded.

16.—(1) The provisions of this section, of section 17 of this Act and of Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect in relation to a compulsory purchase order which includes such a direction as is mentioned in section 15(1) of this Act

(2) When the order becomes operative, the incorporated enactments shall apply as if, on the relevant date, a notice to treat had (except as provided by section 17 of this Act) been served on every person on whom under section 17 of the Act of 1845 the authority could have served such a notice.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) below the acquiring authority, at any time or from time to time after the order becomes operative, may execute, in respect of any area consisting of the whole or part of the relevant land, a declaration designating that area and stating—

(a) that they intend to enter upon the land in the designated area, and take possession thereof, at the end of such period as may be specified in the declaration (not being less than 28 days) from the date on which the service of notice on occupiers required by subsection (5) below is completed, and

(b) that at the end of that period they will expede a notice of title which, on being recorded in the Register of Sasines, will vest the land in the designated area in the authority.

(4) A declaration under subsection (3) above shall not be executed before the end of the period of two months from the date of the recording of the order in accordance with section 9 of this Act:

Provided that the order may substitute a period shorter than two months for the purposes of the operation of this subsection in relation to any land, if the order as submitted or the draft of the order or the application for the order, as the case may be, so provided in relation thereto.

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act 1968

Ch. 16

273

(5) As soon as may be after executing a declaration under subsection (3) above, the acquiring authority shall serve—

(a) on every occupier of any of the land in the area

designated by die declaration (other than land in which there subsists a tenancy to which section 17 of this Act applies) and

(b) on every other person who has given information to the authority with respect to any land in that area, in pursuance of the invitation mentioned in paragraph 2(b) of Schedule 7 to this Act,

a notice describing the designated area and stating the effect of the declaration.

(6) At the end of the period specified in such a declaration in accordance with subsection (3)(u) above,—

(a) the acquiring authority shall be entitled to enter upon,

and take possession of, the land in the area designated by the declaration, or any of that land, without previous consent or compliance with sections 83 to 88 of the Act of 1845;

(b) the acquiring authority shall expede a notice of title

containing a description of the land in that area and narrating the circumstances in which the land has been acquired; and

(c) on that notice of title being recorded in the Register of Sasines in accordance with section 80 of the Act of 1845, the land shall vest in the acquiring authority absolutely and free of any heritable security or charge as if, at the end of the period referred to in this subsection,—

(i) the circumstances in which under that Act, an authority authorised to purchase land have powers to expede a notarial instrument (whether for vesting in themselves land or any interest in land, including the interest of any holder of a heritable security, or for extinguishing the whole or part of any charge) had arisen in respect of all the land in die designated area and in respect of all interests in that land, and

(ii) the acquiring authority had duly exercised those powers accordingly:

Provided that, in relation to tenancies to which section 17 of this Act applies, this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of that section.

(7) In this section—

" the incorporated enactments " means the provisions of the

Lands Clauses Acts and the Land Compensation 1963 c. 51. (Scodand) Act 1963 as modified by Schedule 6 to this

274

Ch. 16

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act 1968

Special provisions as to certain tenancies.

Act and by the provisions of this section, of section 17 of this Act and of Schedule 7 to this Act;

" the relevant land ", in relation to a compulsory purchase order, means the aggregate of the land in respect of which it is directed by the order, in accordance with section 15(1) of this Act, that the provisions of this Act relating to expedited completion shall apply to the order;

and in this section and section 17 of this Act—

"the relevant date", in relation to any land, means the date on which the compulsory purchase order in question is in accordance with section 9 of this Act recorded in the Register of Sasines.

(8) In this section and Schedule 7 to this Act—

(a) any reference to the notice of confirmation or making

of a compulsory purchase order is a reference

(i) in the case of an order made by a development corporation or local highway authority, to the notice of its confirmation, and

(ii) in the case of an order made by the Secretary of State, or by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, to the notice of its making;

(b) any reference to a charge includes a reference to any

feu duty, ground annual, rent or other annual or recurring payment or incumbrance.

17.—(1) The tenancies to which this section applies are—

(a) short tenancies, and

(b) long tenancies which are about to expire.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in section 16(2) of this Act, no notice to treat shall by virtue of that subsection be deemed to have been served on any person in respect of a tenancy to which this section applies.

(3) Land in which there subsists a tenancy to which this section applies is excepted from section 16(5) (a) of this Act, and the reference in that paragraph to land excepted from that paragraph by this section shall be construed accordingly.

(4) Where any land in an area designated by a declaration under section 16(3) of this Act is land in which a short tenancy is subsisting, then (without prejudice to any power, exercisable by virtue of the Lands Clauses Acts, to require a tenant to give up possession) the right of entry conferred by section 16(6) of this Act shall not be exercisable in respect of that land, and the vesting of the land in the acquiring authority by virtue of the said section 16(6) shall be subject to the tenancy during its subsistence.

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

275

(5) Where any land in an area designated by a declaration under section 16(3) of this Act is land m which a long tenancy which is about to expire is subsisting—

(a) the right of entry conferred by section 16(6) of this Act

shall not be exercisable in respect of that land unless the acquiring authority have served a notice to treat in respect of the tenancy and have thereafter served upon every occupier of any of the land in which the tenancy subsists a notice, stating that, at the end of such period as may be specified in that notice (not being less than 28 days) from the date on which the notice is served, they intend to enter upon and take possession of such land as may be specified in that notice, and that period has expired, and

(b) the vesting of the land in the acquiring authority shall

be subject to the tenancy until the end of that period or die expiration of the tenancy, whichever first occurs.

(6) In this section "short tenancy" means a tenancy for a year or from year to year or any lesser interest.

(7) In this section " long tenancy which is about to expire " means a tenancy granted for a period longer than one year or from year to year, but having at the relevant date a period still to run which is not more than the specified period (that is to say, such period, longer than one year, as may for the purposes of this subsection be specified in the order in relation to the land in which the tenancy subsists); and in determining for the purposes of this subsection what period a tenancy still has to run at the relevant date it shall be assumed—

(a) that the tenant will exercise any option to renew the

tenancy, and will not exercise any option to terminate the tenancy, then or thereafter available to him, and

(b) that the landlord will exercise any option to terminate

the tenancy then or thereafter available to him.

Disposal of land by development corporations

1&—(1) Subject to this section and to any directions given Disposal by the Secretary of State under this Act, the development cor- of land by poration established for the purposes of a new town may dispose development of any land acquired by them (whether or not, in the case of corporation, land within the area of the new town, the development of that particular land has been proposed or approved under section 6(1) of this Act) to such persons, in such manner, and subject to such covenants or conditions, as they consider expedient for securing the development of the new town in accordance

276

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Power to override servitudes and other rights.

with proposals approved by the Secretary of State under the said section 6(1), or for purposes connected with the development of the new town.

(2) The powers of a development corporation with respect to the disposal of land acquired by them under this Act shall be so exercised as to secure, so far as practicable, that persons who were living or carrying on business or other activities on land so acquired shall, if they desire to obtain accommodation on land belonging to the corporation, and are willing to comply with any requirements of the corporation as to its development and use, have an opportunity to obtain thereon accommodation suitable to their reasonable requirements on terms settled with due regard to the price at which any such land has been acquired from them:

Provided that a development corporation shall not have any duty to afford to a person who was carrying on a business of selling exciseable liquor by retail on land acquired by them an opportunity of obtaining alternative accommodation for such a business.

(3) Where land is disposed of under this section by a development corporation to any person for the erection of a church or other building for religious worship or buildings ancillary thereto, then, unless the parties otherwise agree, such disposal shall be by way of feu.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as enabling a development corporation to dispose of land by way of gift or in security, but subject as aforesaid references in this Act to the disposal of land by a development corporation shall be construed as references to the disposal thereof by way of feu, excambion or lease, by the creation of any servitude, right or privilege, or otherwise.

(5) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, a development corporation shall not, except with the consent of the Secretary of State, dispose of land otherwise than on the best terms that can reasonably be obtained.

Powers exercisable in relation to land acquired by development corporations or highway authorities

19.—(1) The erection, construction or carrying out, or maintenance, of any building or work on land which has been acquired by a development corporation or local highway authority for the purposes of this Act, whether done by the corporation or authority or by any other person, is authorised by virtue of this section if it is done in accordance with planning

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968 Ch. 16 277

permission, notwithstanding that it involves interference with an interest or right to which this section applies, or involves a breach of a restriction as to the use of land arising by virtue of any deed or contract:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise interference with any right of way or right of laying down, erecting, continuing or maintaining apparatus on, under or over land, being a right vested in or belonging to statutory undertakers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking.

(2) This section applies to the following interests and rights, that is to say, any servitude, liberty, privilege, right or advantage annexed to land and adversely affecting other land, including any natural right to support.

(3) In respect of any interference or breach in pursuance of subsection (1) above, compensation shall be payable under section 61 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 c. 19. 1845 or section 6 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation 1845 c. 33. (Scotland) Act 1845, to be assessed in the same manner and subject to the same rules as in the case of other compensation

under those sections in respect of injurious affection where the compensation is to be estimated in connection with an acquisition by a development corporation or local highway authority or the injury arises from the execution of works on land acquired by such a corporation or authority.

(4) Where a person other than the development corporation or local highway authority by whom the land in question was acquired is liable to pay compensation by virtue of subsection (3) above, and fails to discharge that liability, the liability shall be enforceable against that corporation or authority:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as affecting any agreement between that corporation or authority and any other person for indemnifying the corporation or authority against any liability under this subsection.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of any person which is actionable at the instance of any person on any ground other than such an interference or breach as is mentioned in subsection (1) above.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of a development corporation or local highway authority, or of any body corporate, in contravention of any limitation imposed by law on their capacity by virtue of the constitution of the corporation, authority or body.

278

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Use and development of churches and burial grounds.

20.—(1) Any land consisting of a church or other building used or formerly used for religious worship, or the site thereof, or a burial ground or part of a burial ground, which has been acquired for the purposes of this Act by a development corporation or local highway authority, or which has been acquired under this Act by the Secretary of State, may—

(a) in the case of land acquired by such a corporation or

authority, be used by them, or by any other person, in any manner in accordance with planning permission, and

(b) in the case of land acquired by the Secretary of State, be used in any manner by him or on his behalf for any purpose for which he acquired the land,

notwithstanding anything in any enactment relating to churches or such other buildings as aforesaid or to burial grounds or any obligation or restriction imposed under any deed or agreement or otherwise in respect of that church or other building or burial ground or part thereof:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in respect of any such land as aforesaid until the prescribed requirements with respect to the removal and reinterment of human remains, and the disposal of monuments, in or upon the land have been complied with.

(2) Provision shall be made by any regulations made for the purposes of the proviso to subsection (1) above—

(a) for requiring the persons in whom the land is vested to

publish notice of their intention to carry out the removal and reinterment of any human remains or the disposal of any monuments;

(b) for enabling the personal representatives or relatives of

any deceased person themselves to undertake the removal and reinterment of the remains of the deceased, and the disposal of any monument commemorating the deceased, and for requiring the persons in whom the land is vested to defray the expenses of such removal, reinterment and disposal, not exceeding such amount as may be prescribed;

(c) for requiring compliance with any directions given in

any case by the Secretary of State, after consultation with the church authorities in the case of a church or churchyard, with respect to the manner of removal, and the place and manner of reinterment of any human remains, and the disposal of any monuments; and

(d) with regard to such incidental and consequential

matters (including the closing of registers) as appear

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

279

to the Secretary of State to be expedient for the purposes of the regulations.

(3) Subject to the provisions of any such regulations, no authority shall be required for the removal and reinterment in accordance with the regulations of any human remains, or for the removal or disposal of any monuments.

(4) Any power conferred by this section to use land in a manner therein mentioned shall be construed as a power so to use the land, whether it involves the erection, construction or carrying out of any building or work, or the maintenance of any building or work, or not

(5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of any person which is actionable at the instance of any person on any ground other than contra-vention of any such enactment obligation or restriction as is mentioned in subsection (1) above.

(6) Subsection (6) of section 19 of this Act shall apply in relation to this section as it applies in relation to that section.

(7) In this section "burial ground" includes any churchyard, cemetery or other ground, whether consecrated or not which has at any time been set apart for the purposes of interment and " monument" includes a tombstone or other memorial and any fixture or furnishing.

21.—(1) Any land being, or forming part of, a common or Use and open space, which has been acquired for the purposes of this development Act by a development corporation or local highway authority, or of °Pen sPaces* which has been acquired under this Act by the Secretary of State, may—

(a) in the case of land acquired by such a corporation or

authority, be used by them, or by any other person, in any maimer in accordance with planning permission, and

(b) in the case of land acquired by the Secretary of State,

be used in any manner by him or on his behalf for any purpose for which he acquired the land, notwithstanding anything in any enactment relating to land of that kind, or in any enactment by which the land is specially regulated.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of any person which is actionable at the instance of any person on any ground other than contravention of any such enactment as is mentioned in subsection (1) above.

(3) Subsection (6) of section 19 and subsection (4) of section 20 of this Act shall apply in relation to this section as those subsections apply respectively in relation to those sections.

280

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Displacement of persons from land acquired.

22.—(1) Where any land has been acquired for the purposes of this Act by a development corporation or local highway authority, and the carrying out of redevelopment on the land will involve the displacement of persons residing in premises thereon, it shall be die duty of the corporation or authority, in so far as there is no other residential accommodation suitable to the reasonable requirements of those persons available on reasonable terms, to secure the provision of such accommodation in advance of the displacements from time to time becoming necessary as the redevelopment proceeds.

Where the land so acquired is within the area of a new town, the references in this subsection to residential accommodation shall be construed as references to residential accommodation in that area.

1966 c. 49. (2) Section 168 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 (which

imposes obligations as to the provision of housing accommodation where land is acquired under statutory powers) shall not apply in relation to an acquisition under this Act

(3) If the Secretary of State certifies that possession of a house which has been acquired for the purposes of this Act by a development corporation or local highway authority and is for the time being held by that corporation or authority for the purposes for which it was acquired, is immediately required for those purposes, nothing in the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts 1920 to 1939 shall prevent that corporation or authority from obtaining possession of the house.

(4) Where any land has been acquired for the purposes of this Act by a development corporation or local highway authority, or has been acquired under this Act by the Secretary of State, and the acquiring authority require possession erf a building on the land, or of part of such a building, for the purposes for which the land was acquired, then at any time after the tenancy of the occupier has expired or has been determined the acquiring authority may serve a notice on the occupier of the building or part of the building requiring him to remove therefrom within 21 days; and, in the event of that period having expired without the notice to remove having been complied with, a certified copy of the notice shall be sufficient warrant for ejection against the occupier or any party in his right

Nothing in this subsection shall affect the operation of 1957 c 25. section 16 of the Rent Act 1957 (which lays down the minimum length of notice to quit premises let as a dwelling) in cases to which that section applies.

(5) Where any land has been acquired for the purposes of, or under, this Act by a development corporation or a local

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

281

highway authority or the Secretary of State, the acquiring authority—

(a) may pay to any person who is displaced in the carrying out of redevelopment on the land such reasonable allowance as the acquiring authority think fit towards his expenses in removing, and

(b) may pay to a person carrying on any business in a building from which he is so displaced such reasonable allowance as the acquiring authority think fit towards the loss which, in the acquiring authority’s opinion, that person will sustain by reason of the disturbance to his business consequent on his having to quit the building.

(6) In estimating loss for the purposes of subsection (5 above, the acquiring authority shall have regard to the period for which the premises occupied by the person referred to in that paragraph might reasonably have been expected to be available for the purpose of that person’s business, and to the availability of other premises suitable for that purpose.

23.—(1) Where any land—

(a) has been acquired for the purposes of this Act by a development corporation or local highway authority and is for the time being held by that corporation or authority for those purposes, or

(b) has been acquired under this Act by the Secretary of State and is for the time being held for the purposes for which he acquired it,

the Secretary of State may by order extinguish any public right of way over the land.

(2) Where the Secretary of State proposes to make an order under this section, he shall publish in such manner as appears to him to be requisite a notice—

(a) stating the effect of the order, and

(b) specifying the time (not being less than 28 days from

the publication of the notice) within which, and the manner in which, objections to the proposal may be made,

and shall serve a like notice—

(i) on the local planning authority in whose district the land

is situated, and

(ii) on the relevant highway authority.

In this subsection " the relevant highway authority " means any authority who are a highway authority in relation to the

Extinguish* ment of public rights of way over land

acquired.

282

Ch. 16

New Towns 0Scotlan) Act 1968

1935 c. 47.

1936 c. 5 (1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6).

Provisions as to telegraphic lines.

right of way proposed to be extinguished by the order, other than an authority who have applied for the order to be made.

(3) Where an objection to a proposal to make an order under this section is duly made and is not withdrawn, the provisions of Schedule 8 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the proposal.

(4) For the purposes of this section an objection to such a proposal shall not be treated as duly made unless—

(a) it is made within the time and in the manner specified

in the notice required by this section, and

(b) a statement in writing of the grounds of the objection

is comprised in or submitted with the objection.

(5) Where it is proposed to make an order under this section extinguishing a public right of way over a road on land acquired for the purposes of this Act by a development corporation, and compensation in respect of restrictions imposed under section 1 or section 2 of the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act 1935 in respect of that road has been paid by the highway authority (or, in the case of a trunk road, by the authority who, when the compensation was paid, were the authority for the purposes of section 4 of the Trunk Roads Act 1936), the order may provide for the payment by the development corporation to that authority, in respect of the compensation so paid, of such sums as the Secretary of State, with the consent of the Treasury, may determine.

(6) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the construction or improvement of a road is or will be needed in consequence of the extinguishment under this section of a public right of way, section 8 of this Act shall apply as it applies where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the construction or improvement of a road is needed as mentioned in subsection

(1) of that section.

24.—(1) Where an order under section 23 of this Act extinguishing a public right of way is made on the application of a development corporation or local highway authority, and at the time of the publication of the notice required by subsection (2) of that section there was under, in, on, over, along or across the land over which the right of way subsisted a telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Postmaster General—

(a) the power of the Postmaster General to remove the line shall, notwithstanding the making of the order, be exercisable at any time not later Sian the end of the period of three months from the date on which the right of way is extinguished, and shall be exercisable in respect of the whole or any part of the line after the

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

283

end of that period if before the end of that period the Postmaster General has given notice to the development corporation or local highway authority of his intention to remove the line or that part thereof, as the case may be;

(b) the Postmaster General may by notice given in that

behalf to the development corporation or local highway authority not later than the end of the said period of three months abandon the telegraphic line or any part thereof;

(c) subject to paragraph (b) above, the Postmaster General

shall be deemed at the end of that period to have abandoned any part of the line which he has then neither removed nor given notice of his intention to remove;

(d) the Postmaster General shall be entitled to recover from the development corporation or local highway authority the expense of providing, in substitution for the line and any telegraphic line connected therewith which is rendered useless in consequence of the removal or abandonment of the line, a telegraphic line in such other place as the Postmaster General may require;

(e) where under the foregoing provisions of this subsection the Postmaster General has abandoned the whole or any part of a telegraphic line, it shall vest in the development corporation or local highway authority, and the provisions of the Telegraph Acts 1863 to 1962 shall not apply in relation to die line or that part thereof with respect to anything done or omitted after its abandonment

(2) In this section M telegraphic line " has the same meaning as in the Telegraph Act 1878. 1878 c. 76.

25.—(1) Section 10 of the Development and Road Improve- Construction ment Funds Act 1909 (which enables the Secretary of State of roads, to authorise the construction of new roads in respect of which 1909 c- 47. advances are made under that Act and provides for the expenses of the construction, and for the maintenance, of such roads) shall apply in relation to the construction of a new road by a local highway authority on land transferred to or acquired by them under this Act as if the road were a road in respect of the construction of which an advance were made to that authority under that section.

(2) The Secretary of State may direct that any road constructed by him on land transferred to or acquired by him under this Act shall, on such date as may be specified in the direction.

284

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

become a trunk road within the meaning of the Trunk Roads Acts 1936 and 1946; and the provisions of those Acts shall apply to the road accordingly.

Statutory undertakers

26.—(1) This section applies to land—

(a) which has been acquired for the purposes of this Act by a development corporation or local highway authority and is for the time being held by that corporation or authority for those purposes, or

(b) which has been acquired under this Act by the Secretary of State and is for the time being held for the purposes for which he acquired it.

(2) Where, in the case of any land to which this section applies—

(a) there subsists over that land a right vested in or

belonging to statutory undertakers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking, being a right of way or a right of laying down, erecting, continuing or maintaining apparatus on, under or over the land, or

(b) there is on, under or over the land apparatus vested

in or belonging to statutory undertakers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking,

the acquiring authority may serve on the statutory undertakers a notice stating that, at die end of such period as may be specified in the notice, the right will be extinguished, or requiring that, before the end of such period as may be so specified, the apparatus shall be removed.

(3) The statutory undertakers on whom a notice is served under subsection (2) above may, before the end of the period of 28 days from the service of the notice, serve a counter-notice on the acquiring authority stating that they object to all or any of the provisions of the notice, and specifying the grounds of their objection.

Extinguishment of rights of way, and rights as to apparatus, of statutory undertakers.

(4) If no counter-notice is served under subsection (3) above—

(a) any right to which the notice relates shall be extin-

guished at the end of the period specified in that behalf in the notice, and

(b) if, at the end of the period so specified in relation to any apparatus, any requirement of the notice as to the removal of the apparatus has not been complied with, the acquiring authority may remove the apparatus and dispose of it in any way the authority may think fit.

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act 1968

Ch. 16

285

(5) If a counter-notice is served under subsection (3) above on a development corporation or local highway authority, the corporation or authority may either withdraw the notice (without prejudice to the service of a further notice) or may apply to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister for an order under this section embodying the provisions of the notice, with or without modification; and if such an application is made, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may make an order under this section accordingly.

(6) If a counter-notice is served under subsection (3) above on the Secretary of State, he may withdraw the notice (without prejudice to the service of a further notice) or he and the appropriate Minister may make an order under this section embodying the provisions of the notice, with or without modification.

(7) Where, by virtue of this section, any right vested in or belonging to statutory undertakers is extinguished, or any requirement is imposed on statutory undertakers, those undertakers shall be entitled to compensation from the acquiring authority at whose instance the right was extinguished or the requirement imposed; and the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect as regards the assessment of the amount of that compensation.

27.—(1) Where the Secretary of State and the appropriate Orders under Minister propose to make an order under section 26(6) of this s. 26.

Act, they shall prepare a draft of the order.

(2) Before making an order under section 26(5) or (6) of this Act, the Ministers proposing to make the order—

(a) shall afford to the statutory undertakers on whom notice

was served under subsection (2) of that section an opportunity of objecting to the application for, or proposal to make, the order, and

(b) if any objection is made, shall cause an inquiry to be held,

and may then, if they think fit, make the order in accordance with the application or in accordance with the draft order, as the case may be, either with or without modification.

(3) Where an objection to an order under the said section 26 is duly made and is not withdrawn before the making of the order, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(4) Subject to subsection (3) above, where an order is made under section 26 of this Act—

(a) any right to which the order relates shall be extinguished at the end of the period specified in that behalf in the order, and

286

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Extension or modification of functions of statutory undertakers.

(b) if, at the end of the period so specified in relation to any apparatus, any requirement of the order as to the removal of the apparatus has not been complied with, the acquiring authority may remove the apparatus and dispose of it in any way the authority may think fit

28.—(1) The powers conferred by this section shall be exercisable where, on a representation made by statutory undertakers, it appears to the Secretary of State and die appropriate Minister to be expedient that the powers and duties of those undertakers should be extended or modified, in order—

(a) to secure the provision of services which would not

otherwise be provided, or satisfactorily provided, for the purposes of a new town under this Act, or

(b) to facilitate an adjustment of the carrying on of the undertaking necessitated by any of the acts and events mentioned in subsection (2) below.

(2) The said acts and events are—

(a) the acquisition under this Act of any land in which an

interest was held, or which was used, for the purpose of the carrying on of the undertaking;

(b) the extinguishment of a right or the imposition of any

requirement by virtue of section 26 of this Act.

(3) The powers conferred by this section shall also be exercisable where, on a representation made by a development corporation, it appears to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister to be expedient that the powers and duties of statutory undertakers should be extended or modified, in order to secure the provision of new services, or the extension of existing services, for the purposes of a new town under this Act.

(4) Where the powers conferred by this section are exercisable, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may, if they think fit, by order provide for such extension or modification of the powers and duties of the statutory undertakers as appears to them to be requisite in order to secure the provision of the services in question, as mentioned in subsection (l)(a) or (3) above, or to facilitate the adjustment in question, as mentioned in subsection (l)(b) above, as the case may be.

(5) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (4) above, an order under this section may make provision—

(a) for empowering the statutory undertakers to acquire

(whether compulsorily or by agreement) any land specified in the order, and to erect or construct any building or works so specified;

(b) for applying, in relation to the acquisition of any such land or the construction of any such works, enactments

New Towns («Scotlan) Act 1968

Ch. 16

287

relating to the acquisition of land and the construction of works;

(c) where it has been represented that the making of the

order is expedient for the purposes mentioned in subsection (l)(a) or (3) above, for giving effect to such financial arrangements between die development corporation and die statutory undertakers as they may agree, or as, in default of agreement, may be determined to be equitable in such manner and by such tribunal as may be specified in the order;

(d) for such incidental and supplemental matters (including

the amendment or repeal of any provision in any local enactment) as appear to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister to be expedient for the purposes of the order.

29. —(1) As soon as may be after making such a representa- Procedure

don as is mentioned in section 28(1) or (3) of this Act— -ders*1

(a) the statutory undertakers, in a case falling within sub- s 28.

section (1) of that section, or

(b) the development corporation, in a case falling within

subsection (3) thereof, shall publish, in such form and manner as may be directed by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, a notice giving such particulars as may be so directed of the matters to which the representation relates, and specifying the time (not being less than 28 days) within which, and the manner in which, objection to the making of an order on the representation may be made, and shall serve a like notice on any persons appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in any land to which the representation relates, and shall also, if it is so directed by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, serve a like notice on such other persons, or persons of such classes, as may be so directed.

(2) Orders under the said section 28 shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

30. —(1) Where, on a representation made by statutory under- Relief of takers, the appropriate Minister is satisfied that the fulfilment statutory of any obligation incurred by those undertakers in connection

with the carrying on of their undertaking has been rendered obligations impracticable by an act or event to which this subsection applies, rendered the appropriate Minister may, if he thinks fit, by order direct impracticable, that the statutory undertakers shall be relieved of the fulfilment of that obligation, either absolutely or to such extent as may be specified in the order.

(2) Subsection (1) above applies to the following acts and events, that is to say—

(a) the compulsory acquisition under this Act of any land

288

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

in which an interest was held, or which was used, for the purpose of the carrying on of the undertaking;

(b) the extinguishment of a right or the imposition of any requirement by virtue of section 26 of this Act

(3) As soon as may be after making a representation to the appropriate Minister under subsection (1) above, the statutory undertakers shall, as may be directed by the appropriate Minister, either—

(a) publish (in such form and manner as may be so

directed) a notice giving such particulars as may be so directed of the matters to which the representation relates, and specifying the time (not being less than 28 days) within which, and the manner in which, objections to the making of an order on the representation may be made, or

(b) serve such a notice on such persons, or persons of

such classes, as may be so directed, or

(c) both publish and serve such notices.

(4) If any objection to the making of an order under this section is duly made and is not withdrawn before the order is made, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(5) As soon as may be after an order has been made under this section the appropriate Minister shall publish in such form and manner as he thinks fit a notice stating that the order has been made.

(6) The provisions of Part V of Schedule 3 to this Act as to the validity and date of operation of compulsory purchase orders shall have effect in relation to an order under this section with the substitution for references to a compulsory purchase order and to publication in accordance with the provisions of that Schedule in that behalf of references to an order under this section and to publication in accordance with subsection (5) above.

Objections to 31.—(1) For the purposes of sections 28 and 30 of this Act an

orders under objection to the making of an order thereunder shall not be ss. 28 and 30. heated as duly made unless—

(a) the objection is made within the time and in the manner

specified in the notice required by the section under which the order is proposed to be made, and

(b) a statement in writing of the grounds of the objection

is comprised in or submitted with the objection.

(2) Where an objection to the making of such an order is duly made in accordance with subsection (1) above and is not withdrawn, the provisions of Schedule 8 to this Act shall have effect in relation thereto.

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

289

Provision of trolley vehicle services by development corporations

32.—(1) The development corporation established for the pur- Power to poses of a new town may by means of an order made by the authorise Minister of Transport be authorised to operate trolley vehicle provision of services for the purposes of the new town. servi%sby

(2) An order under this section may impose such conditions as corooraS? appear to the Minister of Transport to be required in thec 19 interests of the public safety, and may contain such incidental and consequential provisions as appear to that Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order, including provisions—

(a) authorising the construction and maintenance in highways of any works or equipment required in connection with the services;

(b) providing for the making and enforcement of regulations and byelaws with respect to the construction and operation of any vehicles or equipment used for the purposes of the services, and with respect to the conduct of passengers on, and of the drivers and conductors of, any such vehicles.

(3) An order under this section shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

Public services

53.—(1) Where an order is made under section 1 of this Act Combination designating an area as the site of a new town and the Secretary of authorities of State is satisfied that, in consequence of the making of that for provision order, it is expedient that two or more local authorities should of combine for the purpose of providing and maintaining sewerage or other services for that area or any larger area which comprises that area, the Secretary of State may make an order under section 120 of the Local Government (Scotland) 1947 c. 43. Act 1947 combining the authorities for that purpose, notwithstanding—

(D that no application in that behalf is made to him by any of these authorities, and

(id the provisions of subsection (5) of the said section 120.

(2) If, as a result of—

(a) the combining of authorities under an order made under

subsection (1) above, or

(b) anything done under such an order,

any person (who, immediately before the order came into force,

K

290

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

1947 c. 43.

Power to authorise provision of services by development corporation.

was an officer or servant of a local authority affected by the order)—

(i) is transferred to the employment of any joint com-

mittee set up under the order or of any other authority in the combination, or

(ii) has his appointment terminated, or

(iii) suffers diminution in his emoluments,

and in any case suffers a direct pecuniary loss by reason of such transfer, termination or diminution, that person shall, unless provision for his compensation for that loss is made by or under any other enactment, be entitled to receive compensation from die local authority or such authority as may be specified in the order.

(3) The provisions of section 318 of, and Schedule 11 to, the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 shall apply in relation to claims for compensation under subsection (2) above as they apply in relation to claims for compensation under that Act, subject to such necessary modifications as the Secretary of State may by order prescribe.

34.—(1) If, after consultation with—

(a) the local authority or, as the case may be, regional

water board who are responsible for the provision of water, sewerage or other services for an area designated by an order under section 1 of this Act as the site of a new town or any part of that area, and

(b) the development corporation established for the purpose

of that order,

the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is expedient so to do, he may by an order made under this subsection authorise the development corporation to exercise, for the purpose of providing and maintaining any such service, such powers (other than a power to raise money by rate or loan) as may be specified in the order, being powers which the local authority or, as the case may be, regional water board could, or could be authorised to, exercise for that purpose under any enactment.

(2) The Secretary of State may from time to time, after consultation with die local authority or, as the case may be, regional water board, direct that the expenditure incurred by the development corporation in the exercise of the powers conferred on them by an order under subsection (1) above, or such part of that expenditure as he may determine, shall be repaid by the local authority or, as the case may be, regional water board to the corporation on such terms and over such period as he may specify, and any sum directed to be paid under this subsection shall be recoverable by the corporation from the authority or board accordingly.

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

291

(3) Any expenditure incurred by the local authority or regional water board in making any payment under this section to the development corporation, representing the cost or part of the cost of the provision and maintenance of any service, shall be defrayed in like manner, and the local authority or regional water board shall have the like power to borrow money for the purpose, as if the service had been provided by them.

Transfer of property and undertakings of development corporations, and their dissolution

35.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a development corporation may, by an agreement made with any local authority or any statutory undertakers and approved by the Secretary of State with the concurrence of the Treasury—

(a) transfer to that local authority any part of the under-

taking of the corporation, or

(b) transfer to those statutory undertakers any part of the

undertaking of the corporation which consists of a statutory undertaking,

upon such terms as may be prescribed by the agreement.

The foregoing provision is without prejudice to the powers of development corporations under this Act to dispose of any of their property, including any trade or business carried on by them.

(2) Before approving an agreement under this section the Secretary of State shall consult with the council of the county or burgh in which die whole or any part of the area of the new town is situated, except where the agreement is made with that council.

(3) Before approving an agreement under this section for the transfer of a statutory undertaking, the Secretary of State shall publish in the Edinburgh Gazette, and in one or more newspapers circulating in the area in which the new town is situated, a notice stating that the agreement has been submitted for approval, and describing the general effect of the agreement.

(4) If, within 28 days from the publication of the notice in the Edinburgh Gazette in accordance with subsection (3) above, any objection to the agreement is made by any statutory undertakers who, within the area in which the new town is situated or any area adjacent thereto, are carrying on, or are authorised to carry on, a statutory undertaking of a character similar to the statutory undertaking proposed to be transferred by the agreement, subsection (1) above shall apply in relation to the agreement as if for the reference to the Secretary of State there were substituted a reference to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister.

Power of development corporation to transfer their

undertakings.

292

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

(5) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is expedient, having regard to any agreement made or proposed to be made under this section, that the liability of the development corporation in respect of advances made to them under the following provisions of this Act should be reduced, he may, by an order made with the consent of the Treasury, reduce that liability to such extent as may be specified in the order.

Section 46(6) of this Act applies to orders under this subsection.

(6) The payment of any sums payable by a local authority for the purposes of an agreement under tins section shall be a purpose for which that authority may borrow money.

Winding up of 36.—(1) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the

development purposes for which a development corporation was established corporation, under this Act have been substantially achieved, and is further satisfied, with the concurrence of the Treasury, that the circumstances are not such as to render it expedient on financial grounds to defer the disposal of the undertaking of the corporation under this section, he shall by order provide for the winding up and dissolution of the corporation.

(2) At any time after an order has been made under subsection (1) above, the Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Treasury, by order provide for the transfer of the undertaking or any part of the undertaking of the corporation to such local authority (being an authority within whose area the new town or any part thereof is situated) as may be specified in the order or, in so far as that undertaking consists of a statutory undertaking, to such statutory undertakers as may be so specified:

Provided that—

(a) before making any such order the Secretary of State shall consult with

(i) the council of the county or the town council of the burgh in which the new town or any part thereof is situated,

(ii) any other local authority and any statutory undertakers to whom the undertaking or part of the undertaking of the corporation will be transferred by virtue of the order, and

(iii) any statutory undertakers (not being such undertakers as aforesaid) who, immediately before the date on which the order under section 1 of this Act designating the site of the new town became operative, were authorised to carry on within the area designated by that order an undertaking similar to the undertaking or part of the undertaking which will be so transferred as aforesaid; and

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

293

(b) an order under this subsection shall be of no effect until an order defining the terms on which the transfer id to be made has become operative under the subsequent provisions of this section.

(3) Where provision is made under subsection (2) above for the transfer of the undertaking or any part of the undertaking of the development corporation to a local authority or statutory undertakers, the terms upon which the transfer is to be made shall be such as may be determined by an order made by the Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury, and any such order may provide for the payment by that authority of those undertakers, in consideration of the transfer, of such sum as may be specified in the order, to be satisfied in such manner as may be so specified:

Provided that not less than 28 days before making an order under this subsection, the Secretary of State shall serve a copy of the proposed order on the local authority or statutory undertakers to whom the undertaking or any part of the undertaking of the corporation is to be transferred, and if any objection is made by them within 28 days after the service of the notice, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(4) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is expedient, having regard to the provisions of any order or orders made or proposed to be made under subsection (3) of this section, that the liability of the development corporation in respect of advances made to them under this Act should be reduced, he may, by an order made with the consent of the Treasury, reduce that liability to such extent as may be specified in the order:

Section 46(6) of this Act applies to orders under this subsection.

(5) An order under this section which provides for the transfer of the undertaking or any part of the undertaking of a development corporation to any local authority or statutory undertakers may contain such incidental, consequential and supplementary provisions as the Secretary of State thinks necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, may extend or modify the powers and duties of that authority or those undertakers so for as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the transfer:

Provided that—

(a) in relation to an order which provides for extending or modifying the powers and duties of any statutory undertakers, subsection (2) of this section shall have effect as if for the first reference therein to the Secretary of State there were substituted a reference to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister; and

294

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

(b) no order under this section shall confer or impose upon any local authority any powers or duties which are exercisable within the area of that authority by any other local authority.

(6) An order under subsection (1) of this section may provide for the appointment and functions of a liquidator of the development corporation, and may authorise the disposal, in such manner as may be determined by or under die order, of any assets of the corporation which are not transferred to a local authority or statutory undertakers under the foregoing provisions of this section.

(7) Any surplus arising from the winding up of a development corporation under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer; and any deficit shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Financial and related provisions

Advances 37.—(1) For the purpose of enabling a development corpora-

and grants by tion to meet expenditure properly chargeable to capital account (including the provision of working capital), the Secretary of development State may, subject to section 43 of the New Towns Act 1965, corporation, make to the corporation advances repayable over such periods 1965 c. 59. and on such terms as may be approved by the Treasury.

(2) For the purpose of enabling a development corporation to meet any other expenditure, the Secretary of State may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, make grants to the corporation of such amount as may be approved by the Treasury.

(3) It shall be a condition of the making of advances to a development corporation under subsection (1) above that the proposals for development submitted to the Secretary of State under section 6 of this Act shall be approved by_the Secretary of State with the concurrence of the Treasury as being likely to secure for the corporation a return which is reasonable, having regard to all the circumstances, when compared with the cost of carrying out those proposals.

Provisions 38.—(1) The Treasury may issue to the Secretary of State out

supplementary of the Consolidated Fund such sums as are necessary to enable to *•37* him to make advances to a development corporation under section 37(1) of this Act.

(2) For the purpose of providing the whole or part of any sum to be issued under subsection (1) above, or of providing for the replacement in whole or in part of any sum so issued, the Treasury may, at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money

y

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

295

under the National Loans Act 1939, and any securities created 1939 c. 117. and issued to raise money under this subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under that Act

(3) Any sums received by the Secretary of State by way of repayment of or interest on advances under section 37(1) of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer; and the Secretary of State shall lay before each House of Parliament a statement of any sums payable to him by way of repayment of or interest on any such advances and not duly received by him.

(4) The sums paid into the Exchequer under subsection (3) above shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund at such times as the Treasury may direct, and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows, that is to say—

(a) so much of those sums as represents principal shall be

applied in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit; and

(b) so much of those sums as represents interest shall be

applied towards meeting such part of the annual charges for the national debt as represents interest

39.—(1) Every development corporation shall keep proper Accounts, accounts and other records in relation thereto, and shall prepare audit, annual in respect of each financial year annual accounts in such form reports etc' as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury direct

(2) The accounts of every development corporation shall be audited by an auditor to be appointed annually by the Secretary of State.

(3) No person shall be qualified to be so appointed auditor unless he is a member, or a firm of which all the partners are members, of one or more of the following bodies: —

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland, the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants; the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland; any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of section 161(l)(a) of the Companies Act 1948 c. 38. 1948 by the Board of Trade.

(4) As soon as the annual accounts of a development corporation for any financial year have been audited, the corporation shall send to the Secretary of State a copy of the accounts prepared by them for that year in accordance with this section, together with a copy of any report made by the auditor thereon.

296

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

General provision as to expenses.

(5) The Secretary of State shall prepare in respect of each financial year, in such form and manner and at such times as the Treasury may direct, an account of the sums issued to him out of the Consolidated Fund and advanced to a development corporation under this Act and of sums received by him from that development corporation and paid into the Exchequer in respect of the principal of and interest on sums so advanced.

(6) On or before 30th November in each year, the Secretary of State shall transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General the account prepared by him under subsection (5) above in respect of the last foregoing financial year; and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and certify the account prepared by the Secretary of State and lay before each House of Parliament copies of that account together with his report thereon.

(7) As soon as possible after the end of each financial year every development corporation shall make to the Secretary of State a report dealing generally with the operations of the corporation during that year, and shall include in the report a copy of their audited accounts for that year; and the Secretary of State shall lay a copy of every such report before each House of Parliament.

(8) Without prejudice to the requirement imposed by subsection (7) above, every development corporation shall provide the Secretary of State with such information relating to their undertaking as the Secretary of State may from time to time require, and for that purpose shall permit any person authorised by the Secretary of State in that behalf to inspect and make copies of the accounts, books, documents or papers of the corporation and shall afford such explanation thereof as that person or the Secretary of State may reasonably require.

(9) The financial year of every development corporation shall begin with 1st April, and references to a financial year in relation to a development corporation shall be construed accordingly.

40, There shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament (in addition to any sums authorised or required by virtue of any other provision of this Act to be so paid)—

(a) any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in

payment of compensation under section 14(4) or 26(7)

of this Act;

(b) any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under

section 20(2 )(b) of this Act;

(c) any administrative expenses incurred by the Secretary

of State for the purposes of this Act

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

297

Miscellaneous and supplementary

41. —(1) References to undertakers in section 15 of the Local Application Government (Superannuation) Act 1953 (which enables localof authorities to admit to their superannuation schemes employees

of undertakers exercising powers under any Act or statutory 1953 *■25 * order) shall include development corporations.

(2) The provisions of section 134 of the Burgh Police (Scot- 1892 c. 55. land) Act 1892 (which relates to the vesting in the town council

of private streets in a burgh) shall extend to and have effect in relation to private streets, together with the footways thereof, in any area designated as the site of a new town so far as it is situated in the landward part of a county, as if for references to the town council there were substituted references to the county council, and as if after the words " the frontage of such street or part" there were inserted the words "or the development corporation "; and where in pursuance of the said section (as applied by this subsection) any street has become vested in die county council, it shall thereupon become a highway within the meaning and for the purposes of the Roads and Bridges (Scot- 1878 c. 51. land) Act 1878 and shall be added to the list of highways made up under section 41 of that Act

(3) For the purposes of section 7(3) of the Acquisition of Land 1947 c. 42. (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1947 (which relates

to the acquisition of inalienable land) this Act shall be deemed to have been passed before the commencement of that Act

42. —(1) Where an authority, being either a development Rights of corporation or a local highway authority or the Secretary of entry. State, are authorised to acquire any land compulsorily under

this Act or have under consideration the acquisition of any land compulsorily thereunder, any person, being an officer of the Valuation Office or a person authorised in writing by the said authority, may at any reasonable time enter upon the land for the purpose of surveying it or estimating its value.

(2) Any person, being an officer of the Valuation Office or a person authorised in writing by the Secretary of State, may at any reasonable time enter upon any land for the purpose of surveying it or estimating its value in connection with any proposals relating to the land submitted or to be submitted under section 6(1) of this Act

(3) A person authorised under the foregoing provisions of this section to enter upon any land shall, if so required, produce evidence of his authority before entering, and shall not demand admission as of right to any land which is occupied unless twenty-four hours' notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

K*

298

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Local

Inquiries.

(4) Any person who obstructs a person acting in the exercise of his powers under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.

43.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the Minister may, for the purposes of the exercise of any of his functions under this Act, cause to be held such local inquiries as are directed by this Act and such other local inquiries as he may think fit

(2) The Minister shall appoint a person to hold the inquiry and to report thereon to him.

(3) The person appointed to hold the inquiry shall notify any person who has lodged, and has not withdrawn, objections in relation to any matter in question at the inquiry, and shall publish in such newspaper or newspapers as the Minister may direct a notice, of the time when and the place where the inquiry is to be held.

(4) The person appointed to hold the inquiry may, on the motion of any party thereto or of his own motion, serve a notice in writing on any person requiring him to attend at the time and place set forth in the notice to give evidence or to produce any books or documents in his custody or under his control which relate to any matter in question at the inquiry:

Provided that—

(i) no person shall be required in obedience to such a notice

to attend at any place which is more than ten miles from the place where he resides, unless the necessary expenses are paid or tendered to him; and

(ii) nothing in this subsection shall empower the person

appointed to hold the inquiry to require any person to produce any book or document or to answer any question which he would be entitled, on the ground of privilege or confidentiality, to refuse to produce or to answer if the inquiry were a proceeding in a court of law.

(5) The person appointed to hold the inquiry may administer oaths and examine witnesses on oath and may accept, in lieu of evidence on oath by any person, a statement in writing by that person.

(6) Any person who refuses or wilfully neglects to attend in obedience to a notice under subsection (4) of this section or to give evidence, or who wilfully alters, suppresses, conceals, destroys, or refuses to produce, any book or document which he may be required to produce by any such notice, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20 or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three months.

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

299

(7) The Minister may make orders as to the expenses incurred by the parties to the inquiry and, where the inquiry arises out of a proposed acquisition of land by a development corporation or die proposed extinction of a right of way over land acquired or proposed to be acquired by a development corporation, as to the expenses incurred by the Minister in relation to the inquiry (including such reasonable sum as the Minister may determine for the services of the person appointed to hold the inquiry), and as to the parties by whom such expenses shall be paid.

(8) Any order of the Minister under subsection (7) of this section requiring any party to pay expenses may be enforced in like manner as a recorded decree arbitral.

(9) In this section the expression " Minister " means the Secretary of State, or any other Minister authorised under this Act to hold a local inquiry.

44.—(1) Where the Ministers concerned so direct— Inquiries

(a) any inquiry in relation to an order under this Act which ^fivate in certain events becomes subject to special parlia- j^ure1 mentary procedure, and (Scotland)

(b) any hearing in connection with— Act 1936.

(i) an appeal against the refusal, or the grant, subject to conditions, of an application by statutory undertakers for planning permission to develop operational land, or

(ii) such an application made by statutory undertakers and referred to the Secretary of State, or

(iii) the revocation or modification of planning permission to develop operational land granted to statutory undertakers,

shall be held by Commissioners under the Private Legislation 1936 c 52 Procedure (Scotland) Act 1936.

(2) Any such direction shall be deemed to have been given

under section 2, as read with section 10, of the Statutory Orders 1945 c 10 (Special Procedure) Act 1945. (9 & lb

(3) Paragraphs 4 and 5 of Schedule 8 to this Act shall notGco*6-) apply to an order such as is mentioned in subsection (l)(a) above.

(4) Nothing in subsections (2) to (9) of the last foregoing section shall apply to any inquiry to which subsection (l)(a) above applies.

(5) The provisions of the said Act of 1945 in relation to the publication of notices in the Edinburgh Gazette and in a newspaper shall, notwithstanding anything contained in that Act, not apply to any order under this Act which is subject to special parliamentary procedure.

K* 2

300

Ch. 16

New Towns (,Scotlan) Act 1968

Service of notices.

45.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any notice or other document required or authorised to be served or given under this Act may be served or given either—

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served or to whom it is to be given, or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode

of that person, or, in a case where an address for service has been given, at that address, or

(c) by sending it in a prepaid registered letter, or by the

recorded delivery service, addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode, or, in a case where an address for service has been given, at that address, or

(d) in the case of a person on whom service is required by

this Act to be made as being a person appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in land, by sending it in a prepaid registered letter, or by the recorded delivery service, addressed to that person at his address as entered in the valuation roll, or

(e) in the case of an incorporated company or body, by

delivering it to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at their registered or principal office, or sending it in a prepaid registered letter, or by the recorded delivery service, addressed to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at that office.

(2) Where the notice or document is required or authorised to be served on or given to any person as having an interest in premises, and the name, or, as the case may be, the address, of that person cannot be ascertained after reasonable inquiry, or where the notice or document is required or authorised to be served on any person as an occupier of premises, the notice or document shall be deemed to be duly served if—

(a) being addressed to him by the description of "the owner" or "the occupier", as the case may be, of the premises (describing them), it is delivered, left or sent in the manner specified in subsection (l)(a), (b) or (c) above, or

(b) being addressed to him either by name or in accordance

with paragraph (a) of this subsection, and marked in such manner as may be prescribed for securing that it shall be plainly identifiable as a communication of importance, it is sent to the premises in a prepaid registered letter or by the recorded delivery service and is not returned to the authority sending it, or is delivered to some person on those premises, or is affixed conspicuously to some object on those premises.

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

301

(3) Where the notice or other document is required to be served on or given to all persons having interests in, or being occupiers of, premises comprised in any land, and it appears to the authority required to serve or give the notice or other document that any part of that land is unoccupied, the notice or documents shall be deemed to be duly served on all persons having interests in, and on any occupiers of, premises comprised in that part of the land (other than an owner who in accordance with the provisions of this Act in that behalf has given to that authority an address for the service of the notice on him) if, being addressed to "the owners and any occupiers" of that part of the land (describing it) and marked as mentioned in subsection (2)(h) above, it is affixed conspicuously to some object on the land.

(4) Where a notice or other document has been served or given in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section, it shall be deemed to have been served or given—

ia) in the case of delivery, at the time of such delivery,

(b) in any other case, on the expiry of 48 hours after the time when it was actually served or given.

46.—(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations for the Regulations purpose of prescribing anything which is authorised or required and orders, to be prescribed under this Act

(2) The power to make regulations under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any statutory instrument containing regulations made under this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) Any power to make an order conferred by any of the provisions of this Act shall include a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions, to vary or revoke the order.

(4) The power to make an order conferred by section 1 of this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(5) A statutory instrument containing an order under section 1 of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament if—

(a) the order is one designating an area as the site of a pro-

posed new town, or designating an additional area of not less than 500 acres which would extend the area of a new town by not less than ten per cent; and

(b) an objection to the order was duly made by a local

planning authority and had not been withdrawn at the time the order was made.

(6) An order under section 35(5) or 36(4) of this Act shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

K* 3

302

Ch. 16

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act 1968

Interpretation.

1845 c. 19.

1963 c. 51.

1959 c. 51.

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8. c. ii.

47.—(1) In this Act, except in so for as the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby issigned to them respectively, that is to say—

" acquiring authority ", in relation to the acquisition under or for the purposes of this Act of any land (whether compulsorily or by agreement) or to a proposal so to acquire any land, means the development corporation, local highway authority or Minister of the Crown by whom the land is, or is proposed to be, acquired;

" the Act of 1845 " means the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845;

" the appropriate Minister "—

(a) in relation to statutory undertakers carrying on an undertaking for the supply of gas or hydraulic power, means the Minister of Power;

(b) in relation to statutory undertakers carrying on an undertaking for the supply of electricity or water, means the Secretary of State; and

(c) in relation to any other statutory undertakers, means the Minister of Transport;

"the arbiter" or "the official arbiter" means the official arbiter appointed under section 2 of the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963;

" common " includes any town or village green;

" compulsory purchase order " means an order under section 7(1), 8(1) or 8(2) of this Act;

"development" includes redevelopment and "develop" shall be construed accordingly;

" development corporation " has the meaning assigned by section 2 of this Act;

" enactment " includes an enactment in any local or private Act of Parliament, and an order, byelaw or scheme made under an Act of Parliament;

"exciseable liquor" has the meaning assigned by section 199(1) of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959;

"held inalienably", in relation to land belonging to the National Trust, means that the land is inalienable under section 22 of the Order confirmed by the National Trust for Scotland Order Confirmation Act 1935;

" land " includes land covered with water and any interest in land and any servitude or light in or over land;

" local authority " means a county, town or district council, and includes any joint board or joint committee of which all the constituent authorities are such local

- -

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

303

authorities as aforesaid, but does not include a regional water board;

"local highway authority" means a highway authority other than the Secretary of State;

"local planning authority" means the local planning

authority for the purposes of the Town and Country 1947 c. 53. Planning (Scotland) Act 1947;

" National Trust " means the National Trust for Scotland for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the Order confirmed by the National Geo. 5. Trust for Scotland Order Confirmation Act 1935; 1 Edw. 8. c. ii.

" open space " means any land laid out as a public garden, or used for purposes of public recreation, or any disused burial ground;

"operational land", in relation to statutory undertakers, means land which is used for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking and land in which an interest is held for that purpose, not being land which, in respect of its nature and situation, is comparable rather with land in general than with land which is used, or in which interests are held, for the purpose of the carrying on of statutory undertakings;

"owner", in relation to any building or land, includes any person who under the Lands Clauses Acts would be enabled to sell and convey the building or land to the promoters of an undertaking, and includes also a lessee under a lease or agreement the unexpired period of which exceeds three years;

"planning permission" means planning permission under the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947;

"prescribed" (except in relation to matters expressly required or authorised by this Act to be prescribed in some other way) means prescribed by regulations under this Act;

"regional water board" has the meaning assigned to it

by section 34(1) of the Water (Scotland) Act 1967; 1967 c. 78.

" statutory undertakers " means persons authorised by any enactment to construct, work or carry on any railway, light railway, tramway, road transport, water transport, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, pier or lighthouse undertaking, or any undertaking for the supply of electricity, gas, hydraulic power or water, and " statutory undertaking " shall be construed accordingly;

" trolley vehicle " means a mechanically propelled vehicle adapted for use on roads without rails and moved by power transmitted to it from some external source;

K* 4

302

Ch. 16

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act 1968

Interpretation.

1845 c. 19.

1963 c. 51.

1959 c. 51.

26 Geo. 5 1 Edw. 8. c. ii.

47.

-(1) In this Act, except in so for as the context otherwise js, the following expressions have the meanings hereby 5d to them respectively, that is to say—

acquiring authority ", in relation to the acquisition under or for the purposes of this Act of any land (whether compulsorily or by agreement) or to a proposal so to acquire any land, means the development corporation, load highway authority or Minister of the Crown by whom the land is, or is proposed to be, acquired;

"the Act of 1845" means the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845;

" the appropriate Minister "—

(a) in relation to statutory undertakers carrying on an undertaking for the supply of gas or hydraulic power, means the Minister of Power;

(b) in relation to statutory undertakers carrying on an undertaking for the supply of electricity or water, means the Secretary of State; and

(c) in relation to any other statutory undertakers, means the Minister of Transport;

" the arbiter " or " the official arbiter " means the official arbiter appointed under section 2 of the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963;

" common " includes any town or village green;

" compulsory purchase order " means an order under section 7(1), 8(1) or 8(2) of this Act;

" development " includes redevelopment and " develop " shall be construed accordingly;

"development corporation" has the meaning assigned by section 2 of tins Act;

" enactment " includes an enactment in any local or private Act of Parliament, and an order, byelaw or scheme made under an Act of Parliament;

"exciseable liquor" has the meaning assigned by section 199(1) of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959;

"held inalienably", in relation to land belonging to the National Trust, means that the land is inalienable under section 22 of the Order confirmed by the National Trust for Scotland Order Confirmation Act 1935;

" land " includes land covered with water and any interest in land and any servitude or right in or over land; " local authority " means a county, town or district council, and includes any joint board or joint committee of which all the constituent authorities are such load

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

303

authorities as aforesaid, but does not include a regional water board;

"local highway authority" means a highway authority other than the Secretary of State;

"local planning authority" means the local planning

authority for the purposes of the Town and Country 1947 c. 53. Planning (Scotland) Act 1947;

" National Trust" means the National Trust for Scotland for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the Order confirmed by the National 26 Geo. 5. & Trust for Scotland Order Confirmation Act 1935; 1 Edw. 8. c. ii.

" open space " means any land laid out as a public garden, or used for purposes of public recreation, or any disused burial ground;

"operational land", in relation to statutory undertakers, means land which is used for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking and land in which an interest is held for that purpose, not being land which, in respect of its nature and situation, is comparable rather with land in general than with land which is used, or in which interests are held, for the purpose of the carrying on of statutory undertakings;

"owner", in relation to any building or land, includes any person who under the Lands Clauses Acts would be enabled to sell and convey the building or land to the promoters of an undertaking, and includes also a lessee under a lease or agreement the unexpired period of which exceeds three years;

"planning permission" means planning permission under the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947;

"prescribed" (except in relation to matters expressly required or authorised by this Act to be prescribed in some other way) means prescribed by regulations under this Act;

"regional water board" has the meaning assigned to it

by section 34(1) of the Water (Scotland) Act 1967; 1967 c. 78.

" statutory undertakers " means persons authorised by any enactment to construct, work or carry on any railway, light railway, tramway, road transport, water transport, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, pier or lighthouse undertaking, or any undertaking for the supply of electricity, gas, hydraulic power or water, and " statutory undertaking " shall be construed accordingly;

"trolley vehicle" means a mechanically propelled vehicle adapted for use on roads without rails and moved by power transmitted to it from some external source;

K* 4

304

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

* Valuation Office’9 means the Valuation Office of the Inland Revenue Department;

"valuation roll" means the valuation roll for the year current at the time when the notice is served, or, if the notice is served after 15th May and before 1st October in any year, the valuation roll for the preceding year.

(2) Any reference in this Act to the area of a new town is a reference to the area designated as the site of that new town by an order under section 1 of this Act.

(3) Any reference in this Act to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister shall be construed, in relation to statutory undertakers for whom the Secretary of State is the appropriate Minister, as a reference to the Secretary of State.

(4) If, in relation to anything required or authorised to be done under this Act, any question arises as to which Minister is or was the appropriate Minister in relation to any statutory undertakers, that question shall be determined by the Treasury; and if, in relation to the authorisation under this Act of a compulsory acquisition of land, any question arises whether land of statutory undertakers is operational land, that question shall be determined by the Secretary of State and die appropriate Minister.

(5) As from the coming into operation of Part II of the 1963 c. 51. Land Compensation (Scodand) Act 1963,—

(a) for any reference in this Act to the arbiter or the

official arbiter there shall be substituted a reference to the Lands Tribunal for Scodand or, as the case may require, a member of that Tribunal; and

(b) for any reference in this Act to any provision con-

tained in section 2, 3 or 5 of the said Act of 1963 there shall be substituted a reference to the corresponding provision contained respectively in section 8, 9 or 11 of that Act.

(6) A development corporation established for the purposes of an order under section 1 of this Act shall have power to act as the agents of a local authority or regional water board to carry out any function relating to the provision of water, sewerage or other services for the area designated by that order; and a local authority shall have power to act as the agents of a development corporation to carry out any of the functions of the corporation.

(7) If the Secretary of State is satisfied, after consultation with any local authorities who appear to him to be concerned, that it is expedient that any area designated as the site of a

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

305

new town, or any part of such an area, so far as it is situated in the landward part of a county should be formed into a special district for any purpose for which a county council may form a special district, he may make an order declaring that area or part of the area to be a special district for that purpose; and thereupon the enactments relating to special districts formed for that purpose shall apply in relation to that spedal district as if it were a special district formed by the county council under those enactments:

Provided that the county council may, for such period as they may think proper, exempt the owners or occupiers of any lands and heritages within thespecial district from the whole or from a specified portion of ~ any special district rate, on the ground that they cannot during that period benefit from any service within the district in respect of which that rate is levied.

(8) Words in this Act importing a reference to service of a notice to treat shall be construed as including a reference to the constructive service of such a notice which, by virtue of any enactment, is to be deemed to be served.

(9) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

48.—(1) The saving and transitional provisions contained in Saving and

Schedule 9 to this Act shall have effect transitional

provisions,

(2) The enactments specified in Schedule 10 to this Act consequential shall have effect subject to the amendments therein specified, being amendments consequential on the repeals specified in icpcus-Schedule 11 to this Act

(3) The enactments specified in Schedule 11 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

49.—(1) This Act may be cited as the New Towns (Scotland) Short title, Act 1968. commence*

ment and

(2) This Act shall come into operation on 1st April 1968. extent.

(3) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

306

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Section 1.

SCHEDULES SCHEDULE 1 Procedure for Designating Sith of New Town

Making of orders under section 1

1. —(1) Where the Secretary of State proposes to make an order under section 1 of this Act, he shall prepare a draft of the order, describing the area to be designated as the site of the proposed new town by reference to a map, either with or without descriptive matter, together with such statement as he considers necessary for indicating the size and general character of the proposed new town.

(2) In the case of any discrepancy between the map and any such descriptive matter, the descriptive matter shall prevail except in so far as may be otherwise provided by the draft order.

2. Before making the order the Secretary of State shall publish in the Edinburgh Gazette, in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the proposed new town will be situated, and in such other newspapers, if any, as he considers appropriate in the circumstances, a notice—

(a) describing the area to be designated as the site of the

proposed new town;

(b) stating that the draft of an order under section 1 of this Act has been prepared by the Secretary of State in relation to that area and is about to be considered by him;

(c) naming a place within that area where a copy of the draft

order (including any map or descriptive matter annexed thereto) and of the statement required by paragraph 1 above may be seen at any reasonable hour; and

(d) specifying the time (not being less than 28 days from the publication of the notice in the Gazette) within which, and the manner in which, objections to the proposed order may be made;

and shall, not later than the date on which the notice is published in the Gazette, serve a like notice on the council of the county or on the town council of the burgh in which the land, or any part of the land, to which the order relates is situated, and on any other local authority who appear to him to be concerned with the order.

3. If any objection is duly made to the proposed order and is not withdrawn, the Secretary of State shall, before making the order, cause a public local inquiry to be held with respect to the objection, and shall consider the report of the person by whom the inquiry was held.

4. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 3 above, the Secretary of State may make the order either in terms of the draft or subject to such modifications as he thinks fit:

Provided that, except with the consent of all persons interested, the Secretary of State shall not make the order subject to a modification including in the area designated as the site of the proposed new town any land not so designated in the draft order.

New Towns 0 Scotlan) Act 1968

Ch. 16

307

5. As soon as may be after an order has been made as aforesaid, the Secretary of State shall publish in the Edinburgh Gazette, in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the proposed new town will be situated, and in such other newspapers, if any, as he considers appropriate in the circumstances, a notice stating that the order has been made and naming a place within the area designated by the order as the site of the proposed new town where a copy of the order may be seen at any reasonable hour, and shall serve a like notice—

(a) on any local authority on whom notice of the proposed

order was served under paragraph 2 above; and

(b) on any other person who has duly made an objection to the proposed order and, at the time of making it or thereafter, has sent to the Secretary of State a request in writing to serve him with the notice required by this paragraph, giving an address for service.

Validity and date of operation of orders under section 1

6. If any person aggrieved by an order under section 1 of this Act desires to question the validity thereof, or of any provision contained therein, on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act or that any requirement of this Act has not been complied with in relation to the order, he may, within six weeks from the date on which notice of the making of the order is first published in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule in that behalf, make an application to the Court of Session; and on any such application the Court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order

or any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(b) if satisfied that the order or any provision contained therein is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act not having been complied with, may'quash the order or any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant

7. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 6 above, an order under section 1 of this Act shall not, either before or after it has been made, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever, and shall become operative on the date on which notice is first published as mentioned in that paragraph.

SCHEDULE 2

Constitution and Proceedings of Development Corporations Appointment of members and tenure of office

1.—(1) The members of a development corporation (in this Schedule referred to as Mthe corporation'*) shall be appointed by the Secretary of State after consultation with such local authorities as appear to him to be concerned with the development of the new

SCH. 1

Section 2.

308

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sen. 2 town, and in appointing members of the corporation the Secretary of State shall have regard to the desirability of securing the services of one or more persons resident in or having special knowledge of the locality in which the new town will be situated.

(2) The Secretary of State shall appoint two of the members to be respectively chairman and deputy chairman of the corporation.

2. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, a member of the corporation, and the chairman and deputy chairman of the corporation, shall hold and vacate office as such In accordance with the terms of the instrument by which they are respectively appointed.

3. If the chairman or deputy chairman of the corporation ceases to be a member of the corporation, he shall also cease to be chairman or deputy chairman, as the case may be.

4. Any member of the corporation may, by notice in writing addressed to the Secretary of State, resign Ids membership; and the chairman or deputy chairman may, by the like notice, resign his office as such.

5. If the Secretary of State is satisfied that a member of the corporation—

(a) has become bankrupt or made an arrangement with his creditors; or

(b) is incapacitated by physical or mental illness; or

(c) has been absent from meetings of the corporation for a

period longer than three consecutive months without the permission of the corporation; or

(d) is otherwise unable or unfit to discharge the functions of a member, or is unsuitable to continue as a member,

the Secretary of State may remove him from his office as a member of the corporation.

6. A member of the corporation who ceases to be a member or ceases to be chairman or deputy chairman shall be eligible for reappointment

Remuneration

7. The corporation shall pay to their members, in respect of their office as such, such remuneration and such reasonable allowances in respect of expenses properly incurred in the performance of their duties as may be determined by the Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury, and shall pay to the chairman and deputy chairman, in respect of their office as such, such additional remuneration as may be so determined.

Meetings and proceedings

8. The quorum of the corporation and the arrangements relating to their meetings shall, subject to any directions given by the Secretary of State, be such as the corporation may determine.

9. The validity of any proceeding of the corporation shall not be affected by any vacancy among their members or by any defect in the appointment of any of their members.

I ii

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act 1968

Ch. 16

309

Instruments, etc. Sea. 2

10. The fixing of the seal of the corporation shall be authenticated by the signature of the chairman or of some other member authorised either generally or specially by the corporation to act for that purpose.

11. Any document purporting to be a document duly executed under the seal of the corporation shall be received in evidence and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be so executed.

SCHEDULE 3 Sections 7.8,10.

Procedure for Authorising Compulsory Acquisitions

Part I

Acquisitions by development corporations and local highway

authorities

1. —(1) A compulsory purchase order made under this Act by a development corporation or local highway authority—

(a) shall designate the land to which it relates by reference to

a map or maps annexed thereto, either with or without descriptive matter, and

(b) subject to that, shall be in such form as may be prescribed.

(2) In the case of any discrepancy between the map or maps and any such descriptive matter, the descriptive matter shall prevail except in so far as may be otherwise provided by the order.

2. -H[l) After submitting the order to the Secretary of State, the acquiring authority-

fa) «hfl11 publish a notice in the prescribed form describing the land, stating that an order authorising the compulsory acquisition thereof has been submitted to the Secretary of State, naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map or maps and any descriptive matter annexed thereto may be seen at any reasonable hour, and specifying the time (not being less than 28 days from the first local advertisement) within which, and the manner in which, objections to the order may be made; and

(b) shall serve on every person appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in any of the land to which the order relates and on such other persons as the Secretary of State may specify, whether individually or as members of a class of persons, a notice to the fike effect as the notice required to be published under head (a) above:

Provided that head (b) above shall not apply if the order relates only to land within the area of a new town.

(2) The notice required to be published by sub-paragraph (lXa) above shall be published in the Edinburgh Gazette and, in each of two successive weeks, in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality

310

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sen. 3 in which the land to which the order relates is situated, and by affixing a copy of the notice, addressed to " the owners and any occupiers " of the land (describing it), to some conspicuous object or objects on the land.

(3) Publication and, if applicable, service in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall be effected—

(a) in the case of an order relating only to land within the area of a new town, as soon as may be after the order has been submitted;

(b) in any other case, as soon as may be after the order has been submitted and service as aforesaid has been effected.

(4) In this paragraph "the first local advertisement*, in relation to a notice, means the first publication of the notice in a newspaper circulating in the locality where the land to which the notice relates is situated, and includes, in relation to a notice so published once only, the publication thereof.

3. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 4 below in any case in which those provisions have effect, the Secretary of State may confirm the order with or without modification, but shall not, unless all persons interested consent, so modify it as to extend it to any land which was not designated by the order as submitted.

4. —(1) If any objection is duly made to the order and is not withdrawn, the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect

For the purposes of this Schedule an objection shall not be treated as duly made unless—

(a) it is made within the time and in the manner specified in

the notice required by paragraph 2 above, and

(b) a statement in writing of the grounds of the objection is comprised in or submitted with the objection.

(2) Unless the Secretary of State decides apart from the objection not to confirm the order, or decides to make a modification which is agreed to by the objector as meeting the objection, the Secretary of State shall, before making a final decision, consider the grounds of the objection as set out in the statement, and may, if he thinks fit, require the objector to submit within a specified period a further statement in writing as to any of the matters to which the objection relates.

(3) In so far as the Secretary of State, after considering the grounds of the objection as set out in the original statement and any such further statement, is satisfied—

(c) that the objection relates to a matter which can be dealt

with by the official arbiter in assessing compensation, or

(b) in the case of an order relating to land within the area of a new town, that the objection is made on the ground that the acquisition is unnecessary or inexpedient,

the Secretary of State may treat the objection as irrelevant for the purpose of making a final decision.

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

311

(4) If, after considering the grounds of the objection as set out in the original statement and any such further statement, the Secretary of State is satisfied that, for the purpose of making a final decision, he is sufficiently informed as to the matters to which the objection relates, or if, where a further statement has been required, it is not submitted within the specified period, the Secretary of State may make a final decision without further investigation as to those matters.

(5) Subject to sub-paragraphs (3) and (4) above, the Secretary of State, before making a final decision, shall afford to the objector an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the Secretary of State; and if the objector avails himself of that opportunity, the Secretary of State shall afford an opportunity of appearing and being heard on the same occasion to the acquiring authority and to any other persons to whom it appears to the Secretary of State to be expedient to afford it

(6) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, if it appears to the Secretary of State that the matters to which the objection relates are such as to require investigation by public local inquiry before he makes a final decision, he shall cause such an inquiry to be held; and where he determines to cause such an inquiry to be held, any of the requirements of those provisions to which effect has not been given at the time when he so determines shall be dispensed with.

(7) In this paragraph any reference to making a final decision, in relation to an order, is a reference to deciding whether to confirm the order or what modification, if any, ought to be made.

5. As soon as may be after the order has been confirmed the acquiring authority shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land thereby designated is situated a notice in the prescribed form describing the land, stating that the order has been confirmed and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map or maps and any descriptive matter annexed thereto may be seen at any reasonable hour, and shall serve a like notice on—

(a) any owner or occupier of any of the land thereby designated who, at any time after the publication of the notice of the order as submitted, has sent to the acquiring authority a request in writing to serve him with the notice required by this paragraph giving an address for service and the prescribed particulars of his interest;

(b) any person who has duly made an objection to the order and at the time of making it or thereafter has sent to the acquiring authority such a request as aforesaid; and

(c) such other persons, if any, as the Secretary of State may

specify, whether individually or as members of a class of persons.

Sch. 3

312

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sc& 9

1946 c. 30. 1949 c. 32.

1936 c. 5 (1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6).

6. The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision for enabling proceedings required to be taken for the purposes of para* graphs 1, 2 and 4 above in relation to an order authorising a compulsory acquisition of land in an area proposed to be designated as the site of a new town by an order a draft of which has been published in accordance with Schedule 1 to this Act, to be taken, so far as may be practicable, contemporaneously with the proceedings on the last-mentioned order.

Part n

Special provisions applying to acquisitions by local highway authorities

7. —(1) Subject to this paragraph, where a compulsory purchase order under section 8(1) of this Act is submitted to the Secretary of State, the notice required to be published under paragraph 2 above shall be published not only as mentioned in that paragraph but also by being exhibited at such places in the locality to which the order relates as appear to the acquiring authority to be suitable for bringing it to the attention of all persons concerned.

(2) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not apply in any case where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the land to which the compulsory purchase order relates is required for the purpose of a project—

(d) which was adequately set out in a statement prepared for the purposes of an order under section 1 of this Act which has been made, or

(b) which has been the subject of an inquiry for the purposes of section 1 of the Trunk Roads Act 1946 or section 14(1) of the Special Roads Act 1949, or of either of the following enactments no longer in force, that is to say section 1(3) of the Trunk Roads Act 1936 and section 4 of the Trunk Roads Act 1946.

8. Where there is submitted to the Secretary of State a compulsory purchase order under section 8(1) of this Act authorising the acquisition of any land forming a frontage to, or abutting on or adjacent to, a roaj, and the Secretary of State is satisfied as respects die whole or any part of the land—

(a) that the acquisition would be requisite only for the purpose of controlling development, and

(b) that every owner has entered, or is willing to enter, into such an agreement with the local highway authority or the Secretary of State as is provided for by section 6(4) of this Act, or is bound by such an agreement, and that the agreement or proposed agreement is satisfactory for the said purpose,

the order shall not be confirmed so as to authorise the acquisition of any part of the land as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied as aforesaid.

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

313

Part HI

Acquisitions by Secretary of State

9.—(1) A compulsory purchase order made under section 8(2) of this Act by the Secretary of State—

(a) shall designate the land to which it relates by reference

to a map or maps annexed thereto, either with or without descriptive matter, and

(b) subject to that, shall be in such form as the Secretary of State may determine.

(2) In the case of any discrepancy between the map or maps and any such descriptive matter, the descriptive matter shall prevail except in so far as may be otherwise provided by the order.

10. Where the Secretary of State proposes to make such an order, he shall prepare a draft thereof, and as soon as may be thereafter shall—

(a) publish in the manner mentioned in paragraph 2 above, and

(b) serve on every person appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in any of the land to which the draft re* -lates and on any other persons on whom he may think it proper to effect such service,

a notice, in such form as he may determine, similar, with requisite adaptations, to the notice mentioned in paragraph 2(1) above.

11. Paragraphs 3, 4, 5, 7 and 8 above shall have effect in relation to such an order—

(a) with the substitution, for references to the acquiring authority,

of references to the Secretary of State;

(b) with the substitution, for references to an order as submitted and to the confirmation of an order, of references respectively to an order as prepared in draft and to the making of an order;

(c) with the omission, in paragraph 4(5), of the reference to

the acquiring authority;

(d) with the substitution, for the references to a compulsory purchase order under section 8(1) of this Act and to the notice required by paragraph 2 above, of references respectively to a compulsory purchase order under section 8(2) of this Act and to the notice required by paragraph 10 above; and

(e) with the substitution, in paragraph 8, of the words Mthe Secretary of State proposes to make " for the words " there is submitted to the Secretary of State ".

Sea. 3

314

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 3

Part IV

Special provisions as to certain descriptions of land

12. In so far as a compulsory purchase order authorises the acquisition of land which is the property of a local authority, or of land belonging to the National Trust which is held by the Trust inalienably, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure in any case where an objection to the order has been duly made by the local authority or the National Trust, as the case may be, and has not been withdrawn.

13.—(1) In so far as a compulsory purchase order authorises the acquisition of any land forming part of any common or open space, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure unless the Secretary of State is satisfied—

(a) that there has been or will be given in exchange for such

land other land, not being less in area (unless the persons in whom the land was vested otherwise agree), and being equally advantageous to the persons (if any) entitled to rights of common or other rights, and to the public, and that the land given in exchange has been or will be vested in the persons in whom the land acquired was vested, and subject to the like rights, trusts and incidents as attached to the land acquired; or

(b) that the land is required for the widening of an existing highway and that the giving in exchange of other land is unnecessary, whether in the interests of the persons, if any, entitled to rights of common or other rights or in the interests of the public,

and certifies accordingly.

(2) Where it is proposed to give a certificate under this paragraph, the Secretary of State shall give public notice of his intention so to do, and—

(a) after affording opportunity to all persons interested to make representations and objections in relation thereto, and

(b) after causing a public local inquiry to be held in any case where it appears to him to be expedient so to do, having regard to any representations or objections made,

the Secretary of State may, after considering any representations and objections made and, if an inquiry has been held, the report of the person who made the inquiry, give the certificate.

(3) As soon as may be after the giving of a certificate under this paragraph the acquiring authority shall publish in the Edinburgh Gazette and, in each of two successive weeks, in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land designated by the order is situated, a notice in the prescribed form stating that the certificate has been given.

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

315

Part V

Validity and date of operation of compulsory purchase orders and certificates

14. If any person aggrieved by a compulsory purchase order, or by a certificate under paragraph 13 above, desires to question the validity thereof, or of any provision contained therein, on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act or that any requirement of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder has not been complied with in relation to the order or certificate, he may, within six weeks from the date on which notice of the confirmation or making of the order or of the giving of the certificate is first published in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule in that behalf, make an application to die Court of Session; and on any such application the Court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order

or any provision contained therein, or of the certificate, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(b) if satisfied that the order or any provision contained therein, or the certificate, is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder not having been complied with, may quash the order or any provision contained therein, or the certificate, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant

15. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 14 above, a compulsory purchase order or a certificate under paragraph 13 above shall not either before or after it has been made or confirmed or given, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever, and shall become operative on the date on which notice is first published as mentioned in the said paragraph 14.

16. This Part of this Schedule shall not apply to an order which is confirmed by Act of Parliament under section 2(4) or 6 of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act 1945 but, except as aforesaid, shall have effect in relation to a compulsory purchase order to which that Act applies as if in paragraph 14 for the reference to the date on which notice of the confirmation or making of the order is first published in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule in that behalf there were substituted a reference to the date on which the order becomes operative under the said Act of 1945, and as if in paragraph 15 the words from "and shall become operative" to the end were omitted.

Sch. 3

1945 c. 18 (9 & 10 Geo. 6).

316

Ch. 16

New Towns ( Scotlan) Act 1968

Section 10.

SCHEDULE 4

Procbdure for authorising compulsory acquisition of Statutory Undertakers’ Operational Land

Part I

Acquisitions by development corporations and local highway authorities

1. An application by a development corporation or local highway authority for the purposes of section 10( 1 )(a) of this Act shall be in such form as may be prescribed, and shall describe by reference to a map the land to which the application relates.

2. As soon as may be after submitting the application to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister the acquiring authority shall serve on every owner, lessee and occupier of any land to which the application relates a notice in the prescribed form describing the land, stating that an application under the said section 10(lXa) has been submitted in relation to the land and is about to be considered by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, naming a place where a copy of the application and of the map referred to therein may be seen at any reasonable hour, and specifying the time (not being less than 28 days from the service of the notice) within which, and the manner in which, objections to the application may be made.

3. —(1) If no objection is duly made by any of the persons on whom notices are required to be served, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may, if they think fit, make a compulsory purchase order in accordance with the application, with or without modification, but shall not, unless all persons interested consent, make the order with any modification which would extend it to any land to which the application did not relate.

(2) If any objection is duly made by any of the persons on whom notices are required to be served and is not withdrawn, the Secretary of State and die appropriate Minister shall, before making an order on the application, consider the objection and shall, if either the objector or the acquiring authority so desire, cause an inquiry to be held, and may then, if they think fit, make an order as aforesaid.

(3) An objection shall not be deemed for the purposes of section 10 of this Act or this Schedule to be duly made unless—

(a) it is made within the time and in the manner specified in

the notice in that behalf, and

(b) a statement in writing of the grounds of the objection is comprised in or submitted with the objection.

4. A compulsory purchase order made on such an application shall be in such form as the Secretary of State and the appropriate

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

317

Minister may determine, and shall describe by reference to a map the land to which the order relates.

5. As soon as may be after a compulsory purchase order has been made on such an application the acquiring authority shall serve on every owner, lessee and occupier of any land to which the order relates a notice in the prescribed form stating that the order has been made and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map referred to therein may be seen at any reasonable hour.

Part n

Acquisitions by Secretary of State and appropriate Minister

6. A compulsory purchase order made by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister in pursuance of section 10(lXh) of this Act shall be in such form as they may determine, and shall describe by reference to a map the land to which the order relates.

7. Where the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister propose to make such an order they shall prepare a draft thereof, and shall as soon as may be thereafter serve on every owner, lessee and occupier of any land to which the draft relates a notice in such form as they may determine describing the land, stating that the making of the order is proposed, naming a place where a copy of the draft and of the map referred to therein may be seen at any reasonable hour, and specifying the time (not being less than 28 days from the service of the notice) within which, and the manner in which, objections to the proposal may be made.

8. Paragraphs 3 and 5 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to such an order—

(a) with the substitution, for references to an application and to

the making of a compulsory purchase order thereon, of references to such an order as prepared in draft and to the making of such an order, and

(b) with the omission of the references in paragraph 3(2) to the acquiring authority.

Part HI

Modification of Schedule 3, Part V in relation to compulsory purchase orders made in pursuance of s.10.

9. Part V of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect in relation to a compulsory purchase order made in pursuance of section 10(1) of this Act with the substitution, for the references to the date on which notice of the confirmation or making of the order is first published in accordance with the provisions of that Schedule in that behalf, of references to the date on which the service of notices required by paragraph 5 above is completed.

Sea. 4

318

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sections 13,26. SCHEDULE 5

Assessment of Compensation to Statutory Undertakers

Part I Measure of compensation

1.—(1) Where statutory undertakers are entitled to compensation as mentioned in section 13 or section 26(7) of this Act, the amount of the compensation shall (subject to paragraph 2 below) be an amount calculated in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph.

(2) The said amount, subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, shall be the aggregate of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) the amount of any expenditure reasonably incurred in acquiring land, providing apparatus, erecting buildings or doing work for the purpose of any adjustment of the carrying on of the undertaking rendered necessary by the proceeding giving rise to compensation;

(b) whichever of the following is applicable, namely—

(i) where such an adjustment is made, the estimated amount of any decrease in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking pending the adjustment, in so far as the decrease is directly attributable to the proceeding giving rise to compensation, together with such amount as appears reasonable compensation for any estimated decrease in net receipts from the canying on of the undertaking in the period after the adjustment has been completed, in so far as the decrease is directly attributable to the adjustment, or

(ii) where no such adjustment is made, such amount as appears reasonable compensation for any estimated decrease in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking which is directly attributable to the proceeding giving rise to compensation;

(c) where the compensation is under section 26(7) of this Act,

and is in respect of the imposition of a requirement to remove apparatus, the amount of any expenditure reasonably incurred by the statutory undertakers in complying with the requirement, reduced by the value after removal of the apparatus removed.

(3) Where any such adjustment as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (2)(a) above is made, the aggregate amount mentioned in that sub-paragraph shall be reduced by such amount (if any) as appears to the tribunal to be appropriate to offset—

(a) the estimated value of any property (whether moveable or heritable) belonging to the statutory undertakers and used for the carrying on of their undertaking which, in consequence of the adjustment, ceases to be so used, in so

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

319

far as the value of the property has not been taken into Sch. 5 account under sub-paragraph (2)(c) above, and

(b) the estimated amount of any increase in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking in the period after the adjustment has been completed, in so far as that amount has not been taken into account under sub-paragraph (2)(b) above and is directly attributable to the adjustment,

and by any further amount which appears to the tribunal to be appropriate having regard to any increase in the capital value of heritable property belonging to the statutory undertakers which is directly attributable to die adjustment, allowance being made for any reduction made under head (b) of this sub-paragraph.

(4) References in this paragraph to a decrease in net receipts shall be construed as references to the amount by which a balance of receipts over expenditure is decreased, or a balance of expenditure over receipts is increased, or, where a balance of receipts over expenditure is converted into a balance of expenditure over receipts, as references to the aggregate of the two balances; and references . to an increase in net receipts shall be construed accordingly.

(5) In this paragraph "proceeding giving rise to compensation* means the particular action (that is to say, the acquisition, the extinguishment of a right or the imposition of a requirement) in respect of which compensation falls to be assessed, as distinct from any development or project in connection with which that action may have been taken.

Exclusion of paragraph 1 at option of statutory undertakers

2. —(1) Where statutory undertakers are entided to compensation in respect of a compulsory acquisition, the statutory undertakers may by notice in writing under this paragraph elect that the compensation shall be ascertained in accordance with the enactments

(other than rule (5) of the rules set out in section 12 of the Land 1963 c. 51. Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963) which would be applicable apart from paragraph 1 above; and if the undertakers so elect the compensation shall be ascertained accordingly.

(2) An election under this paragraph may be made either in respect of the whole of the land comprised in the compulsory acquisition in question or in respect of any part of that land.

(3) Any notice under this section shall be given to the acquiring authority before the end of the period of two months from the date of service of notice to treat in respect of the interest of the statutory undertakers.

Procedure for assessing compensation where paragraph 1 applies

3. Where the amount of any such compensation as is mentioned in paragraph 1(1) above falls to be ascertained in accordance with the provisions of the said paragraph 1, the compensation shall, in default of agreement, be assessed by the arbitration of the tribunal.

320

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sea. 5

1963 c. SI.

Section 12.

1845 c. 19.

4. In this Part of this Schedule. " the tribunal" means the tribunal constituted in accordance with the provisions of Part II of this Schedule.

Part n

Tribunal for assessment of compensation

5.—(1) The tribunal for the assessment of compensation referred to in Part I of this Schedule shall consist of four persons, namely—

(a) an advocate or solicitor of not less than seven years* standing

appointed by the Lord President of the Court of Session to act as chairman;

(b) two persons appointed by the Secretary of State as persons having special knowledge and experience of the valuation of land and of civil engineering respectively; and

(c) for each claim coming before the tribunal, a person selected

by the appropriate Minister, as a person having special knowledge and experience of statutory undertakings of the kind carried on by the claimant, from the members of a panel appointed by appropriate Ministers of persons appearing to diem to have such knowledge and experience of statutory undertakings.

(2) The Treasury may pay out of moneys provided by Parliament to the members of the tribunal such remuneration (whether by way of salaries or by way of fees), and such allowances, as the Treasury may determine.

(3) For the purposes of any proceedings arising before the tribunal the provisions of sections 3, 5 and 39 of the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963 shall apply as they apply to proceedings on a question referred to the official arbiter under section 2 of that Act, but with the substitution, in sections 5 and 39 of that Act, for references to the acquiring authority, of references to the person from whom the compensation is claimed.

SCHEDULE 6 Modifications of Enactments for Purposes of this Act

Part I

The Lands Clauses Acts

1.—(1) The following sections of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as * the Act of 1845 *) shall be excepted from incorporation with this Act, that is to say—

(a) sections 120 to 124 (sale of superfluous land);

(b) section 127 (promoters to make good deficiencies in land tax and rates); and

(c) sections 142 and 143 (access to the special Act).

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

321

(2) In construing the Lands Causes Acts and the Railways Clauses Sch. 6 Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 as incorporated with this Act—1845 c. 33.

(a) this Act or, in relation to a compulsory acquisition, this Act

and the compulsory purchase order, shall be deemed to be the special Act;

(b) in relation to a compulsory acquisition, references to the promoters of the undertaking or to the railway company shall be construed as references to the acquiring authority;

(c) references to the execution of the works or to the construc-

tion of the railway shall be construed as including references to any erection, construction or carrying out of buildings or works authorised by this Act;

(d) in relation to any erection, construction or carrying out of any building or works so authorised, references in section 6 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 (compensation for injurious affection) to the railway company shall be construed as references to the person by whom the buildings or works in question are erected, constructed or carried out; and

(e) references to the execution of the works or to the construc-

tion of the railway shall be construed as including also references to any erection, construction or carrying out of buildings or works on behalf of the Secretary of State on land acquired by him under section 8 of this Act, where the buildings or works are erected, constructed or carried out for the purposes for which the land was acquired.

2. For the purposes of section 116 of the Act of 1845 (powers of compulsory purchase not to be exercised after the expiration of the prescribed period) the prescribed period shall, in relation to any acquisition, be three years from the coming into operation of the compulsory purchase order.

3. The acquiring authority shall, without prejudice to any power in that behalf exercisable by them apart from this paragraph, be entitled, notwithstanding anything in section 17 of the Act of 1845 or in any other provision of the Lands Clauses Acts, to acquire one or some of two or more interests subsisting in the land without acquiring the other interest or interests subsisting therein.

4.—(1) If the acquiring authority have, in respect of any of the land, served notice to treat on every owner of that land, they may at any time thereafter serve a notice—

(a) on every occupier of any of that land, and

(b) on every person (other than such an occupier) who, having been served with a notice to treat in respect of that land, has requested the acquiring authority in writing to serve him with any notice under this sub-paragraph and has furnished them with an address for service thereof.

L

322

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 6

1963 c. 51.

describing the land to which the notice relates and stating their intention to enter on and take possession thereof at the expiration of such period (not being less than 28 days from the date on which the notice is served) as may be specified in the notice.

(2) At the expiration of the period specified in such a notice (or, where two or more such notices are required, and the periods specified in the several notices do not expire at the same time, of the last of those periods to expire), or at any time thereafter, the acquiring authority may enter on and take possession of the land to which the notice or notices relate without previous consent or compliance with sections 83 to 88 of the Act of 1845, but subject to payment of the like compensation for the land of which possession is taken, and interest on the compensation agreed or awarded, as they would have been required to pay if those provisions had been complied with.

5. —(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect in substitution for the provisions of section 90 of the Act of 1845.

(2) No person shall be required to sell a part only—

(a) of any house, building or manufactory, or

(b) of a park or garden belonging to a house,

if he is willing and able to sell the whole of the house, building, manufactory, park or garden, unless the arbiter determines that—

(i) in the case of a house, building or manufactory, the part

proposed to be acquired can be taken without material detriment to the house, building or manufactory, or

(ii) in the case of a park or garden, the part proposed to be acquired can be taken without seriously affecting the amenity or convenience of the house,

and, if he so determines, he shall award compensation in respect of any loss due to the severance of the part proposed to be acquired, in addition to its value; and thereupon the party interested shall be required to sell to the acquiring authority that part of the house, building, manufactory, park or garden.

6. Notices required to be served by the acquiring authority may, notwithstanding anything in section 18 of the Act of 1845, be served and addressed in the manner specified in section 45 of this Act in relation to notices required to be served under this Act

Part n

The Land Compensation ( Act 1963

7. The arbiter shall not take into account any interest in land, or any enhancement of the value of any interest in land by reason of any building erected, work done or improvement or alteration made, whether on the land acquired or on any other land with which die claimant is, or was at the time of the erection, doing or making of the building, works, improvement or alteration, directly or indirectly

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

323

concerned, if the arbiter is satisfied that the creation of the interest, the erection of the building, the doing of the work, the making of the improvement or the alteration, as the case may be, was not reasonably necessary and was undertaken with a view to obtaining compensation or increased compensation.

8. The power conferred by section 39 of the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963 to withdraw a notice to treat shall not be exercisable in the case of a notice to treat which is deemed to have been served by virtue of section 11 of this Act

SCHEDULE 7

Further Provisions with respect to Orders Providing for Expedited Completion

Introductory

1. The provisions of this Schedule shall have effect with respect to any compulsory purchase order which includes a direction, under section 15(1) of this Act, that the provisions of this Act relating to expedited completion shall apply to the order so far as it relates to land specified in the direction; and in this Schedule M the relevant land " means the land so specified.

Particulars to be included in notice of confirmation of order

2. The notice of the confirmation or making of the order required by this Act to be published—

(a) shall refer to the provisions as to entry and vesting con-

tained in section 16(6) of this Act, and

(b) shall include a notification to the effect that every person entitled to claim compensation in respect of any of the relevant land or any interest in such land is invited to give information to the acquiring authority, in the prescribed form, with respect to his name and address and the land and interest in question.

Certificate of acquiring authority for purpose of determining date

of vesting

3. For the purposes of section 16 of this Act, a certificate given by the acquiring authority stating that the service of notices on occupiers required by subsection (5) of that section was completed on a date specified in the certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so stated.

Exclusion of power of entry conferred by Schedule 6 to this Act

4. Paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to this Act shall not have effect in relation to the order.

Sch. 6

1963 c. 51.

Section 16.

324

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 7 1963 c. 51.

Restriction on withdrawal of constructive notice to treat

5. The power conferred by section 39 of the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963 or by that section as applied by paragraph 5(3) of Schedule 5 to this Act to withdraw a notice to treat shall, in the case of a notice to treat which is deemed to have been served by virtue of section 16(2) of this Act, not be exercisable—

(a) in respect of the interest of an occupier, at any time after the service on that occupier of the notice required to be served by virtue of section 16(5) of this Act, and (b) in respect of any other interest, at any time after that interest has vested in the acquiring authority by virtue of section 16(6) of this Act

Special provisions with respect to parts of buildings, etc.

6. —(1) Where a part only of a house, building or manufactory, or of a park or garden belonging to a house, is comprised in die relevant land, then, if notice in that behalf is given to the acquiring authority in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (2) below, no notice to treat shall be deemed by virtue of section 16(2) of this Act to have been served in respect of any interest in the said part; and, as from the giving of the first-mentioned notice, the order shall have effect in relation to that part as if it had not been comprised in the relevant land.

(2) A notice under sub-paragraph (1) above in respect of any premises consisting of part of a house, building, manufactory, park or garden may be given to the acquiring authority by any person having an interest in those premises, but shall not have effect if given before the order has come into operation or after the acquiring authority have executed in respect of those premises a declaration under section 16(3) of this Act

7. Neither paragraph 5 of Schedule 6 to this Act (which makes special provision in substitution for section 90 of the Act of 1845, with respect to the compulsory acquisition of parts of buildings) nor the said section 90 shall have effect in relation to the order.

Compensation not to be affected by provision for expedited completion

8. Where any of the relevant land has become vested in the acquiring authority by virtue of section 16(6) of this Act, the authority shall be liable to pay the like compensation for the land, and the like interest on the compensation agreed or awarded, as they would have been required to pay if sections 83 to 88 of the Act of 1845, and the provisions of that Act compliance with which would have been requisite in order to render exercisable by them the powers referred to in the said section 16(6), had been complied with.

Exclusion of provisions of Act of 1845 relating to absent parties and interests omitted to be purchased

9.—(1) Where a notice to treat is deemed by virtue of section 16(2) of this Act to have been served in respect of any interest, the provisions of the Act of 1845 mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) below

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

325

shall, notwithstanding section 12(1) of this Act, not have effect in relation to the acquisition of that interest

(2) The said provisions are sections 56 to 60 and 63 to 66 (mode of ascertaining compensation to absent parties) and sections 117 to 119 (interests which have by mistake been omitted to be purchased).

Charges and leases affecting relevant land and other land

10. —-(1) Where land consisting or forming part of the relevant land is, together with other land not comprised in the relevant land, burdened with a charge, such portion of the charge as may be apportioned under section 109 of the Act of 1845 to the first* mentioned land shall, subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, be treated as having been extinguished by virtue of section 16(6) of this Act on the vesting of that land in the acquiring authority under that subsection.

(2) Where by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) above a portion of a charge is treated as having been extinguished, sections 108 to 111 of the Act of 1845 shall have effect as if the extinguishment had taken place under section 110 of that Act.

(3) If. in the circumstances described in sub-paragraph (1) above, the person entitled to the charge and the owner of the land subject thereto enter into an agreement to that effect, the said sections 108 to 111 shall have effect as if, at the time of the vesting of the relevant land in the acquiring authority under section 16(6) of this Act, the person entitled to the charge had discharged that land from the charge on the condition mentioned in section 109 of the Act of 1845; and, in that case, no part of the charge shall be treated as having been extinguished by virtue of the said section 16(6) so far as regards the remaining part of the land burdened therewith.

(4) Any question as to the apportionment mentioned in section 109 of the Act of 1845 shall be referred to and determined by an official arbiter in accordance with section 2 of the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963.

11. Where land consisting or forming part of the relevant land is, together with other land not comprised in the relevant land, comprised in a lease for a term of years unexpired, section 112 of the Act of 1845 shall have effect in relation thereto with the substitution, for references therein to the time of the apportionment of rent therein mentioned, of references to the time of the vesting in the acquiring authority of the first-mentioned land under section 16(6) of this Act.

Miscellaneous

12. Where, any of the relevant land has become vested in the acquiring authority under section 16(6) of this Act, any person who, in consequence thereof, is relieved from any liability (whether in respect of a charge, rent under a lease, interest due on any heritable security or any other matter) and makes any payment as in satisfaction or part satisfaction of that liability shall, if he shows that when he

Sch. 7

1963 c. 51.

326

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 7

1895 c. 16.

Sections 23, 28. 30.

made the payment he did not know of the facts which constitute the cause of his being so relieved, or of some one or more of those facts, be entitled to recover the sum paid from the person to whom it was paid.

13. Where the acquiring authority have expede a notice of title in respect of land by virtue of section 16(6) of this Act and the compensation payable in respect of the interests in the land is not finally ascertained at the time when the notice of title is presented for recording, then, if the notice of title is accompanied by a certificate by the authority to that effect, it may lawfully be recorded in the Register of Sasines notwithstanding that it is not stamped; and section 12 of the Finance Act 1895 (which provides for the collection of stamp duty, where property is vested by way of sale by virtue of an Act, within three months of the date of vesting) shall have effect, with respect to the vesting of those interests, with the substitution, for the reference therein to the date of vesting, of a reference to the date on which the compensation has been finally ascertained.

14. Where, after land has become vested in the acquiring authority under section 16(6) of this Act, a person retains possession of any writ relating to the land, he shall be deemed to have given to the authority an undertaking to produce that writ to the authority on all necessary occasions.

15. —(1) The time within which a question of disputed compensation, arising out of an acquisition of an interest in land in respect of which a notice to treat is deemed to have been served by virtue of section 16(2) of this Act, may be referred to arbitration shall be the period of six years from the date at which the person daiming compensation, or a person from whom he derives title, first knew, or could reasonably be expected to have known, of the vesting of the interest by virtue of section 16(6) of this Act

(2) In reckoning the period of six years referred to in sub-para-graph (1) above, no account shall be taken of any period during which the person claiming compensation, or the person from whom he derives title, was in minority or less age or was under legal disability.

SCHEDULE 8

Procbdurb for Dbaung with Objections to Orders UNDER SS. 23. 28 AND 30

1.—(1) In this Schedule 44 the relevant Minister " means—

(a) in relation to an order under section 23 of this Act, the Secretary of State;

(b) in relation to an order under section 28 of this Act, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister;

(c) in relation to an order under section 30 of this Act, the

appropriate Minister.

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

327

(2) In this Schedule any reference to making a final decision, in relation to an order, is a reference to deciding whether to make the order or what modification, if any, ought to be made.

2. Unless the relevant Minister decides apart from the objection not to make the order, or decides to make a modification which is agreed to by the objector as meeting the objection, the relevant Minister shall, before making a final decision, consider the grounds of the objection as set out in the statement comprised in or submitted with the objection, and may, if he thinks fit, require the objector to submit within a specified period a further statement in writing as to any of the matters to which the objection relates.

3. In so far as the relevant Minister, after considering the grounds of the objection as set out in the original statement and in any such further statement, is satisfied that the objection relates to a matter which can be dealt with by the official arbiter in assessing compensation, the relevant Minister may treat the objection as irrelevant for the purpose of making a final decision.

4. If, after considering the grounds of the objection as set out in the original statement and in any such further statement, the relevant Minister is satisfied that, for the purpose of making a final decision, he is sufficiently informed as to the matters to which the objection relates, or if, where a further statement has been required, it is not submitted within the specified period, the relevant Minister may make a final decision without further investigation as to those matters.

5. Subject to paragraphs 3 and 4 above, the relevant Minister, before making a final decision, shall afford to the objector an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the relevant Minister; and if the objector avails himself of that opportunity, the relevant Minister shall afford an opportunity of appearing and being heard on the same occasion to the statutory undertakers, development corporation or other person, if any, on whose representation the order is proposed to be made, and to any other persons to whom it appears to the relevant Minister to be expedient to afford such an opportunity.

6. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, if it appears to the relevant Minister that the matters to which the objection relates are such as to require investigation by public local inquiry before he makes a final decision, he shall cause such an inquiry to be held; and where he determines to cause such an inquiry to be held, any of the requirements of those provisions to which effect has not been given at the time of that determination shall be dispensed with.

SCHEDULE 9 Saving and Transitional Provisions

1. In so far as any order, regulation, certificate, declaration or other instrument made, given or executed under any enactment repealed by this Act, or any other thing done under or by virtue

Sch. 8

Section 48.

﻿328

Ch. 16

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Sea. 9

1946 c. 68. 1965 c. 59.

1945 c. 33. 1964 c. 25.

of any such enactment, could have been made, given, executed or done under or by virtue of a corresponding provision of this Act. it shall not be invalidated by the repeals effected by section 48 of this Act but. subject to paragraph 3 below, shall have effect as if made, given, executed or done under or by virtue of that corresponding provision.

2. Without prejudice to paragraph 1 above, any provision of this Act relating to anything done or required or authorised to be done under, or by reference to, that provision or any other provision of this Act shall, subject to paragraph 3 below, have effect as if any reference to that provision or that other provision, as the case may be, included a reference to the corresponding provision of the enactments repealed by this Act

3. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 1 or 2 above, any advance made to a development corporation before the commencement of this Act under section 12(1) of the New Towns Act 1946 shall be regarded for the purpose of section 43 of the New Towns Act 1965 as having been made under the said section 12(1) and not under section 37(1) (the corresponding provision) of this Act

4. Nothing in this Act shall affect the enactments repealed thereby in their operation in relation to offences committed before the commencement of this Act.

5. Where any Act (whether passed before, or in the same Session as, this Act) or any document refers, either expressly or by. implication, to an enactment (including an enactment as applied by the New Towns Act 1946) repealed by this Act, the reference shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as. or as including, a reference to the corresponding provision of this Act

6. —(1) Notwithstanding section 8(3) of this Act, paragraph 12 of Schedule 3 to this Act shall not apply to a compulsory purchase order under section 8 of this Act in the case of which any of the following things is done before the commencement of this Act, that is to say—

(a) the order is submitted to the Secretary of State under Part I

of Schedule 3 to this Act or an application for the order is submitted to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister under Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act;

(b) a notice relating to a draft of the order is published under Part III of the said Schedule 3 or served under Part II of the said Schedule 4.

(2) Notwithstanding the said section 8(3), paragraph 13 of Schedule 3 to this Act shall not apply to a compulsory purchase order under section 8(2) of this Act in the case of which either of the things mentioned in sub-paragraph (1 )(b)above is done before the commencement of this Act.

7. Without prejudice to paragraph 5 above, the reference to section 51 of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1945 as applied by the New Towns Act 1946 contained in Part II of Schedule 3 to the War Damage Act 1964 (which lists enactments

New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 16

329

repealed as from 1st October 1968) shall be construed as a reference Sch. 9 to section 15(2) of this Act m

8. Nothing in this Schedule shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which relates 1889 c. 63. to the effect of repeals).

SCHEDULE 10

Consequential Amendments of Enactments Section 48.

Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland) Act 1951

In section 35(1), in tho definition of 44 local authority ", for the 1951 *• words 44 Act, 1946 " there shall be substituted the words 44 (Scotland)

Act 1968", and for the words from "subsection (2)" to "Act,

1897," there shall be substituted the words "section 34(1) of that Act entitled to exercise any powers ".

New Towns Act 1965

In section 43(6), for the words from 44 whether " to the end of the 1965 c-59* paragraph, there shall be substituted the words 44 before the commencement of the New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968 under section 12(1) of the New Towns Act 1946 in its application to Scotland (to which section 37(1) of the said Act of 1968 corresponds), and after 1946 c. 68. the commencement of the said Act of 1968 under the said section 37(1); and".

SCHEDULE 11

Repeals Section 48.

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Town and Country The whole Act as applied by

c. 33. Planning (Scotland) Act 1945. the New Towns Act 1946.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Statutory Orders In Schedule 2, the entries

c. 18. (Special Procedure) Act 1945. relating to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The New Towns Act 1946. The whole Act

c. 68.

10 All Geo.6. The Town and Country Section 43.

c. 53. Planning (Scotland) Act 1947. In Schedule 8, the entry relating to the New Towns Act 1946.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. The Licensing Act 1949. Section 4(1).

c. 59.

6 A 7 Eliz. 2. The New Towns Act 1958. The whole Act

c. 12.

7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 62. The New Towns Act 1959. The whole Act, except— in section 14(1), the words from the beginning to "the New Towns Act 1959 "; paragraph 1(10) of Schedule 1.

1964 c. 8. The New Towns Act 1964. The whole Act

1964 c. 68. The New Towns (No. 2) Act 1964. The whole Act

1966 c. 44. The New Towns Act 1966. Section 3.

L*

330

CH. 17

Education Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 17

Changes in character, size or situation of schools.

1944 c. 31.

An Act to amend the law as to the effect of and procedure for making changes in the character, size or situation of county schools or voluntary schools to enable special age limits to be adopted for existing as well as for new schools, and to make certain other amendments as to the approval or provision of school premises; and for purposes connected therewith.

[10th April 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For purposes of the Education Acts 1944 to 1967 and any other enactment relating to the duties of a local education authority, references in whatever terms to discontinuing a school (and, in particular, those in section 13 of the Education Act 1944 to a local authority ceasing to maintain a county school or a voluntary school), or to establishing a new school, shall not be read as applying by reason of any change which is made to an existing school—

(a) by education beginning or ceasing to be provided for pupils above or below a particular age; or

(b) by education beginning or ceasing to be provided for girls as well as boys, or for boys as well as girls; or

(c) by any enlargement or alteration of the school premises or transfer of the school to a new site;

and the school existing before an event mentioned in paragraph

(a), (b) or (c) above shall be regarded as continuing despite that event and as being the same school before and after that event (unless it is to be regarded for other reasons as discontinued).

Education Act 1968

Ch. 17

(2) In section 13 of the Education Act 1944 (which regulates, 1944 c. 31. among other things, the procedure to be followed where a local education authority intend to establish, maintain or cease to maintain a school as mentioned in subsection (1), or where persons propose that a school should be maintained as a voluntary school as mentioned in subsection (2)) subsections (1) and

(2) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) in subsection (1) there shall be inserted after paragraph

(c) the words "or where a local education authority intend to make any significant change in the character, or significant enlargement of the premises, of a county school "; and

(b) in subsection (2) there shall be inserted after the words

"as a voluntary school" the words "or where the managers or governors of a school maintained by a local education authority as a voluntary school intend to make any significant change in the character, or significant enlargement of the premises, of the school ";

and at the end of that section there shall be added as new subsections (9) and (10)—

" (9) Where proposals are made under this section for the enlargement of school premises, subsections (6) and

(7) shall apply, with the necessary adaptations, as they apply in the case of proposals for the establishment of a new school (any reference to the persons by whom the proposed school is to be established being read as a reference to the managers or governors).

(10) References in this section to a change in the character of a school include in particular changes in character resulting from education beginning or ceasing to be provided for pupils above or below a particular age, for boys as well as for girls, or for girls as well as for boys, or from the making or alteration of arrangements for the admission of pupils by reference to ability or aptitude

(3) In the enactments mentioned in Schedule 1 to this Act there shall be made the amendments provided for by that Schedule, being amendments arising out of or related to the provisions in subsections (1) and (2) above; and the enactments mentioned in Schedule 2 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule.

(4) Subsection (1) above shall be deemed to have had effect since the beginning of April 1945 in so far as the effect is—

(a) that a school is to be or have been regarded as being the same school before and after any such event as is there mentioned; or

L* 2

332

Ch. 17

Education Act 1968

1944 c. 31.

Schools with special age limits.

1964 c. 82.

Approval or

provision of

school

premises

(miscellaneous

amendments).

(b) that anything may be or have been lawfully done without proposals being approved under section 13 of the Education Act 1944.

(5) Subject to subsection (4) above, this section shall not apply in relation to things proposed to be done before the end of the summer term 1968. nor in relation to proposals approved before then under section 13 of the Education Act 1944 or to anything done or to be done in pursuance of any such proposals; and for this purpose " summer term " means, in the case of any school, the term ending last before the month of September.

2. Section 1 of the Education Act 1964 (which enables new county or voluntary schools to be established to provide both primary and secondary education) shall apply where it is proposed that an existing school maintained or to be maintained by a local education authority should provide both primary and secondary education, and accordingly in subsection (1) of that section—

(a) for the words from " Where a local education authority

intend to establish a new county school " to 44 for that purpose " there shall be substituted the words 44 Where proposals with respect to a school maintained or to be maintained by a local education authority are submitted "; and

(b) for the word 44 established " in paragraph (b) there shall

be substituted the words "a school".

3. —(1) In section 13 of the Education Act 1944—

(a) in subsection (6) (which requires submission to the

Secretary of State of specifications and plans of the school premises of a proposed new county or voluntary school) after the words " specifications and plans of the school premises " there shall be inserted the words 44 if the premises are new premises (that is to say. if the premises do not comprise buildings used for a school at the time when the proposals are approved) or if the Secretary of State so directs "; and

(b) in subsection (7) (which requires those concerned to give effect to proposals for a new school after the proposals, specifications and plans have been approved under the section) after the words " under this section " there shall be inserted the words " or, in a case where specifications and plans are not required, when the proposals have been so approved and the Secretary of State has notified the authority or persons by whom the proposed school is to be established that specifications and plans will not be required ", and after die

Education Act 1968

Ch. 17

333

words " so approved " there shall be inserted the words "(if any)".

(2) In section 7(2) of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948 (which enables the prescribed standards for school premises to be relaxed by the Secretary of State in approving specifications and plans of a new school under section 13(6) of the Education Act 1944, and does so by reference to the proviso to section 10(2) of that Act as set out in subsection (1) of the said section 7) after paragraph (b) there shall be inserted the words " or if the Secretary of State is satisfied, on the submission to him of the specifications and plans of the school premises where the premises are to comprise the existing site or buildings of another school, as to the matters mentioned in paragraph (a) set out in the preceding subsection

(3) In the proviso to section 10(2) of the Education Act 1944, as set out in section 7(1) of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948 (which proviso enables the Secretary of State in certain circumstances to permit school premises not to conform to the prescribed standards) for the words "having regard to shortage of labour or materials" in paragraph (c) there shall be substituted the words " having regard to the need to control public expenditure in the interests of the national economy ".

(4) If upon representations made to him by a local education authority the Secretary of State is satisfied—

(a) that the managers or governors of a voluntary school

propose to make a significant enlargement of the school premises or alterations to those premises, and that it is desirable for them to do so for the better provision of primary or secondary education at the premises, or for securing that there is available for the area of the authority a sufficiency of suitable primary or secondary schools, or for both those reasons; and

(b) that, having regard to the need to control public expen-

diture in the interests of the national economy, it is not reasonably practicable to effect the enlargement or alterations by providing permanent accommodation;

then, subject to proposals for any significant enlargement being approved under section 13 of the Education Act 1944, the Secretary k>tState may authorise the authority to provide, or assist in providing, temporary accommodation in accordance with arrangements approved by him; and Schedule 1 to the Education Act 1946 (which relates to the duties of the local education authority and the managers or governors with regard to the provision of sites and buildings for voluntary schools) shall not apply in relation to temporary accommodation provided by virtue of this subsection.

L* 3

1948 c. 40.

1944 c. 31.

1946 c. 50.

334

Ch. 17

Education Act 1968

Expenses.

Text of certain provisions as amended by this Act.

1944 c. 31.

1946 c. 50.

1948 c. 40.

1953 c. 33.

1967 c. 3.

Short title, citation, construction and extent.

4. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums so payable under the Education Acts 1944 to 1967.

5. —(1) In accordance with the provisions of this Act (apart from the transitional provisions in section 1(5)), the following sections, namely,—

section 13 of the Education Act 1944;

section 1 of the Education Act 1946; and

section 7 of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948;

are to have effect as set out in Schedule 3 to this Act with the amendments made by this Act, by the Secretary of State for Education and Science Order 1964 and by the provisions listed in subsection (2) below, but without prejudice to the operation of any enactment affecting the operation of those sections and not so listed.

(2) The provisions above referred to, as regards provisions by which section 13 of the Education Act 1944 is amended, are—

The Education Act 1946, section 14 and Part II of Schedule 2; and

The Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953, section 16, and section 17 and Schedule 1;

and, as regards provisions by which section 1 of the Education Act 1946 is amended, are—

The Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953, section 3; and

The Education Act 1967, section 2.

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Education Act 1968 and this Act and the Education Acts 1944 to 1967 may be cited together as the Education Acts 1944 to 1968.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the Education Acts 1944 to 1967.

(3) This Act does not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

Education Act 1968

Ch. 17

335

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Section 1.

Additional Amendments as to Changes in Character, Size, or Situation of Schools

1. In section 16(1) of the Education Act 1944 there shall be omitted 1W4 c*31* the words " and any transfer so authorised shall not be deemed, for

the purposes of this Act, to constitute the discontinuance of the school or the establishment of a new school "; and in their place there shall be inserted the words 44 and a voluntary school shall not be transferred to a new site without the authority of an order under this subsection *.

2. In section 17 of the Education Act 1944 there shall be added as a new subsection (6)—

44 (6) Where proposals for a significant change in the character of a voluntary school are approved under section 13 of this Act, then, without prejudice to the power to vary orders conferred by section 111, the Secretary of State may by order make such variations of the articles of government (if the school is a secondary school), or such modifications authorised by subsection (4) of this section in the provisions of a trust deed, as appear to him to be required in consequence of the proposed change in the character of the school; and so much of subsection (5) of this section as relates to the making of representations with respect to orders under this section shall not apply to an order made in pursuance only of the power conferred by this subsection.*

3. For section 67(4) of the Education Act 1944 there shall be substituted—

44 (4) If in the case of a county or voluntary school a question arises whether a change in the character of the school or enlargement of the school premises would be a significant change or enlargement, that question shall be determined by the Secretary of State.*

4. —(1) Section 102 (payment of maintenance contributions by the Secretary of State) of the Education Act 1944 shall be amended—

(a) by inserting immediately before the proviso the words 44 and

may pay the managers or governors of any aided school or special agreement school maintenance contributions not exceeding four-fifths of any sums expended by them on the provision of a site or of school buildings in pursuance of proposals approved under section 13 of this Act for a significant enlargement of the school premises *; and

(b) by adding at the end of the proviso 44 nor shall a maintenance contribution be payable under this section in respect of any expenditure incurred by the managers or governors of a special agreement school in pursuance of proposals for a significant enlargement of the school premises, being proposals to which the special agreement for the school relates *.

L* 4

336

Ch. 17

Education Act 1968

Sen. 1 1944 c. 31.

1946 c. 50.

1948 c. 50.

(2) In section 105(2) of the Education Act 1944 (which lists in paragraphs (a) to (d) the initial expenses qualifying, in the case of an aided or special agreement school, for loans under the section) for paragraph (c) there shall be substituted—

"(c) (i) expenses to be incurred in providing a site or school buildings on a significant enlargement of the school premises, being expenses in respect of which a maintenance contribution may be paid;

(ii) expenses to be incurred in providing school buildings on a site to which the school is to be transferred under the authority of an order under section 16(1) of this Act;

(iii) expenses to be incurred in providing a site or school buildings for a new school which by virtue of an order under section 16(2) of this Act is deemed to be in substitution for a discontinued school or schools ".

5. In section 114(1) of the Education Act 1944 the existing definition of "alterations " shall be omitted and, at the places required by the alphabetical order in section 114(1), there shall be inserted the following definitions: —

(a) " alterations ", in relation to any school premises, includes improvements, extensions and additions, but does not include any significant enlargement of the school premises;

(b) " enlargement ", in relation to any school premises, includes any modification of the existing premises which has the effect of increasing the number of pupils for whom accommodation can be provided, and " enlarge " shall be construed accordingly;

(c) " significant ", in relation to a change in the character of a school or an enlargement of school premises, implies that there is a substantial change in the function or size of the school.

6. In section 1(1) of the Education Act 1946 (of which the text, as amended, is set out in Schedule 3 to this Act) for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted—

" (a) that there should be a significant enlargement of the school premises; and ".

7. In section 7 of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948 (of which the text, as amended, is set out in Schedule 3 to this Act), after subsection (2), there shall be inserted as a new subsection

(2A)—

" (2A) Notwithstanding the provisions of section 13 of the principal Act as to conformity to the prescribed standards, the Secretary of State may approve specifications and plans submitted to him under that section in connection with proposals for a significant enlargement of school premises in any case where he could under subsection (2) of this section do so if they were specifications and plans of the school premises of a new school proposed to be established ";

and in subsection (3) after the words " This section " there shall be inserted the words " except subsection (2A) ".

Education Act

Ch. 17

337

8. In section 31(5) of the London Government Act 1963 (which Sea. 1 provides that in Greater London schools maintained by a local 1963 c. 33. education authority before April 1965 shall not cease to be so maintained except as there mentioned) for the words 44 except in accordance with section 13 or 14 of the said Act of 1944* there shall be substituted the words 44 except in accordance with the Education Acts 1944 to 1968 *’.

SCHEDULE 2

Repeals

Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 50. The Education Act 1946. Section 1(2). In Part II of Schedule 2, the entry relating to section 114 of the Education Act 1944.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 33. The Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953. In section 2(a), the words 44 (otherwise than by way of enlargement of an existing school) *. Section 8(3X6), together with the word 44 and * at the end of section 8(3X<0.

1967 c. 3. The Education Act 1967. Section 1(2X6), together with the word 44 or " at the end of section l(2Xa).

SCHEDULE 3 Section 5.

Enactments Reprinted with Amendments

A :Education Act 1944 s. 13 1944 c. 31.

13.—(1) Where a local education authority intend—

(a) to establish a new county school;

(b) to maintain as a county school any school which at the time being is not such a school; or

(c) to cease to maintain any county school or, save as provided by the next following section of this Act, any voluntary school;

or where a local education authority intend to make any significant change in the character, or significant enlargement of the premises, of a county school, they shall submit proposals for that purpose to the Secretary of State.

(2) Where any persons propose that any school established by them or by persons whom they represent which at the time being is not a voluntary school, or any school proposed to be so established, should be maintained by a local education authority as a

338

Ch. 17

Education Act 1968

Sch. 3 voluntary school, or where the managers or governors of a school maintained by a local education authority as a voluntary school intend to make any significant change in the character, or significant enlargement of the premises, of the school, they shall after consultation with the authority submit proposals for that purpose to the Secretary of State.

(3) After any proposals have been submitted to the Secretary of State under this section, the authority or persons by whom the proposals were submitted shall forthwith give public notice of the proposals in the prescribed manner, and the managers or governors of any voluntary school affected by the proposals or any ten or more local government electors for the area and any local education authority concerned may within two months after the first publication of the notice submit to the Secretary of State objections to the proposals:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in the case of proposals for the maintenance as a voluntary school of a school which is at the time being a school in respect of which grants are made by the Secretary of State, if the proposals are made with the concurrence of the authority and of the proprietor of the school and of any trustees in whom is vested any interest in the school premises.

(4) Any proposals submitted to the Secretary of State under this section may be approved by him after making such modifications therein, if any, as appear to him to be desirable:

Provided that the Secretary of State shall not approve proposals for the maintenance as a county school of any school which, at the time being, is a voluntary school, unless he has, in accordance with the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act, approved an agreement made under the powers conferred by that Schedule between the authority and the managers or governors of the school for the transfer to the authority of all necessary interests in the school premises.

(5) A local education authority shall not, without the leave of the Secretary of State do or undertake to do anything (whether or not provided for by the development plan for the area) for which proposals are required by this section to be submitted to the Secretary of State until such proposals have been approved by him.

(6) After proposals for the establishment of a new school have been approved by the Secretary of State under this section, the authority or persons by whom the proposed school is to be established shall, unless they do not intend to give effect to the proposals, submit to him in such form and in such manner as he may direct specifications and plans of the school premises if the premises are new premises (that is to say, if the premises do not comprise buildings used for a school at the time when the proposals are approved) or if the Secretary of State so directs; and the Secretary of State, on being satisfied that the school premises will conform to the prescribed standards, may approve the specifications and plans:

Provided that, before submilting specifications and plans in respect of a school which is to be maintained as a voluntary school.

Education Act

Cel 17

339

the persons by whom the school is to be established shall consult the local education authority.

(7) When the proposals specifications and plans for a new school have been approved by the Secretary of State under this section or, in a case where specifications and plans are not required, when the proposals have been so approved and the Secretary of State has notified the authority or persons by whom the proposed school is to be established that specifications and plans will not be required, it shall be the duty of the authority or persons by whom the proposed school is to be established to give effect to the proposals in accordance with the specifications and plans so approved (if any), except that in die case of proposals submitted under subsection (2) of this section the duty of providing playing fields and any buildings which are to form part of the school premises but are not to be school buildings shall be die duty of the local education authority.

(8) When proposals for the maintenance of any school have been approved by the Secretary of State under this section, it shall be the duty of the local education authority to maintain it; and an authority shall not be under any duty to maintain a school after proposals that the authority shall cease to maintain it have been approved by the Secretary of State under this section.

(9) Where proposals are made under this section for the enlargement of school premises, subsections (6) and (7) shall apply, with the necessary adaptations, as they apply in the case of proposals for the establishment of a new school (any reference to the persons by whom the proposed school is to be established being read as a reference to the managers or governors).

(10) References in this section to a change in the character of a school include in particular changes in character resulting from education beginning or ceasing to be provided for pupils above or below a particular age, for boys as well as for girls, or for girls as well as for boys, or from the making or alteration of arrangements for the admission of pupils by reference to ability or aptitude.

B: Education Act 1946 s. 1

1.—(1) If upon the application of a local education authority and die managers or governors of a controlled school maintained by the authority the Secretary of State is satisfied—

(a) that there should be a significant enlargement of the school premises; and

(b) either—

(i) that the enlargement is wholly or mainly required for the purpose of providing accommodation for pupils for whom accommodation would have been provided in some other voluntary school if that other school had not been discontinued or had not otherwise ceased to be available for the purpose; or

(ii) that the enlargement is desirable for the better provision of primary or secondary education at the premises to be enlarged or for securing that there is

Sch. 3

1946 c. 50.

340

Ch. 17

Education Act 1968

Sch. 3 1944 c. 31.

1948 c. 40.

available for the area of the authority a sufficiency of suitable primary or secondary schools or for both those reasons;

then, if proposals for carrying out the enlargement are thereafter approved under section 13 of the Education Act 1944 (hereinafter referred to as " the principal Act "), the Secretary of State may by order direct that the expense of giving effect to those proposals shall be paid by the local education authority.

C: Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948 s. 7

7.—(1) For the proviso to subsection (2) of section ten of the principal Act (which empowers the Secretary of State to give such a direction as is therein mentioned where he is satisfied that it would be unreasonable in the case of any particular school to require conformity in any particular respect with the requirements of the regulations as to the prescribed standards as to the premises of schools), the following proviso shall be substituted, that is to say—

" Provided that, if the Secretary of State is satisfied with respect to any school—

(a) that having regard to the nature of the existing site or to any existing buildings thereon or to other special circumstances affecting the school premises it would be unreasonable to require conformity with a requirement of the regulations as to any matter, or

(b) where the school is to have an additional or new site that,

having regard to shortage of suitable sites it would be unreasonable to require conformity with a requirement of the regulations relating to sites, or

(c) where the school is to have additional buildings or is to be

transferred to a new site, and existing buildings not theretofore part of the school premises, or temporary buildings, are to be used for that purpose, that having regard to the need to control public expenditure in the interests of the national economy it would be unreasonable to require conformity with a requirement of the regulations relating to buildings,

he may give a direction that, notwithstanding that that requirement is not satisfied, the school premises shall, whilst the direction remains in force, be deemed to conform to the prescribed standards as respects matters with which the direction deals if such conditions, if any, as may be specified in the direction as respects those matters are observed."

(2) Where it is proposed to establish a new school to be maintained by a local education authority, if the Secretary of State is satisfied, on the submission to him of the specifications and plans of the school premises, either—

(a) with respect to the site of the school, as to the matters mentioned in paragraph ( ) set out in the preceding subsection, or

Education Act 1968

Ch. 17

341

(b) with respect to buildings where the school is to be established in premises comprising existing buildings or temporary buildings, as to the matters mentioned in paragraph

(c) set out in the preceding subsection,

or if the Secretary of State is satisfied, on the submission to him of the specifications and plans of the school premises where the premises are to comprise the existing site or buildings of another school, as to the matters mentioned in paragraph (a) set out in the preceding subsection, he may (notwithstanding the provisions of section thirteen of the principal Act as to conformity to the prescribed standards) approve the specifications and plans, and may undertake to give a direction as to the school under the proviso to subsection (2) of section ten of the principal Act on the school's being established.

(2A) Notwithstanding the provisions of section 13 of the principal Act as to conformity to the prescribed standards, the Secretary of State may approve specifications and plans submitted to him under that section in connection with proposals for a significant enlargement of school premises in any case where he could under subsection

(2) of this section do so if they were specifications and plans of the school premises of a new school proposed to be established.

(3) This section, except subsection (2A), shall be deemed to have had effect since the commencement of Part 11 of the principal*Act.

Sch. 3

342

Ch. 18

Application of Vienna Convention.

Consular Relations Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 18

An Act to give effect to the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations; to enable effect to be given to other agreements concerning consular relations and to make further provision with respect to consular relations between the United Kingdom and other countries and matters arising in connection therewith; to restrict the jurisdiction of courts with respect to certain matters concerning or arising on board certain ships or aircraft; to enable diplomatic agents and consular officers to administer oaths and do notarial acts in certain cases; and for purposes connected with those matters.

[10th April 1968]

Bb it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to sections 2 and 3(2) of this Act, the provisions set out in Schedule 1 to this Act (being Articles or parts of Articles of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations signed in 1963) shall have the force of law in the United Kingdom and shall for that purpose be construed in accordance with subsections (2) to (11) of this section.

(2) In those provisions—

"authorities of the receiving State" shall be construed as including any constable and any person exercising a power of entry to any premises under any enactment (including any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland);

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

343

" grave crime " shall be construed as meaning any offence punishable (on a first conviction) with imprisonment for a term that may extend to five years or with a more severe sentence;

"Ministry for Foreign Affairs’* shall be construed as meaning the Department of the Secretary of State concerned;

"national of the receiving State" shall be construed as meaning a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies, a person who is a British subject by virtue of section 2, 13 or 16 of the British Nationality Act 1948 or 1948 c. 56. the British Nationality Act 1965. or a British protected 1965 c. 34. person within the meaning of the said Act of 1948.

(3) The reference in paragraph 2 of Article 17 to any privileges and immunities accorded by customary international law or by international agreements shall be construed as a reference to any privileges and immunities conferred under the International Organisations (Immunities and Privileges) Act 1950 c. 14. 1950.

(4) The references in Article 44 to matters connected with the exercise of the functions of members of a consular post shall be construed as references to matters connected with the exercise of consular functions by consular officers or consular employees.

(5) For the purposes of Article 45 and that Article as applied by Article 58 a waiver shall be deemed to have been expressed by a State if it has been expressed by the head, or any person for the time being performing the functions of head, of the diplomatic mission of that State or, if there is no such mission, of the consular post concerned.

(6) The exemption granted by Article 48 with respect to any services shall be deemed to except those services from any class of employment which is insurable employment, or in respect of which contributions are required to be paid, under the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts 1965 to 1967, the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1967, any enactment for the time being in force amending any of those Acts, or any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland corresponding to any of those Acts or to any enactment amending it, but not so as to render any person liable to any contribution which he would not be required to pay if those services were not so excepted.

(7) Article 48 shall not affect any agreement made between the United Kingdom and any other State before the commencement of this Act and shall not be taken to prevent the making of any such agreement after the commencement of this Act.

344

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act 1968

1964 c. 81.

Restriction of privileges and immunities.

Agreements providing for additional or reduced privileges and immunities.

(8) Articles 50, 51, 52, 54, 62 and 67 shall be construed as granting any privilege or immunity which they require to be granted.

(9) The reference in Article 57 to the privileges and immunities provided in Chapter II shall be construed as referring to those provided in Section II of that Chapter.

(10) The reference in Article 70 to the rules of international law concerning diplomatic relations shall be construed as a reference to the provisions of the Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964.

(11) The references in Article 71 to additional privileges and immunities that may be granted by the receiving State or to privileges and immunities so far as these are granted by the receiving State shall be construed as referring to such privileges and immunities as may be specified by Her Majesty by Order in Council.

2. If it appears to Her Majesty that the privileges and immunities accorded to a consular post of the United Kingdom in a territory of any State, or to persons connected with such a consular post, are less than those conferred by this Act on a consular post of that State or on persons connected with such a consular post. Her Majesty may by Order in Council withdraw such of the privileges and immunities so conferred from all or any of the consular posts of that State or from such persons connected therewith as appears to Her Majesty to be proper.

3.—(1) Where any agreement made, whether before or after the passing of this Act, between the United Kingdom and any other State provides for according to consular posts and persons connected with them privileges and immunities not accorded to them by the other provisions of this Act, Her Majesty may by Order in Council exercise, with respect to the consular posts of that State and persons connected with them, the powers specified in Schedule 2 to this Act so far as may be necessary to give effect to that agreement.

(2) Where any agreement made, whether before or after the passing of this Act, between the United Kingdom and any other State provides for according to consular posts and persons connected with them some but not all of the privileges and immunities accorded to them by the other provisions of this Act, Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide for excluding, with respect to consular posts of that State and persons connected with them, any of those privileges and immunities which are not provided for by the agreement.

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

345

4. Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision Civil jurisdic-for excluding or limiting the jurisdiction of any court in tion concem-the United Kingdom to entertain proceedings relating to the remuneration or any contract of service of the master or com- aircraft. P mander or a member of the crew of any ship or aircraft belonging to a State specified in the Order, except where a consular officer of that State has been notified of the intention

to invoke the jurisdiction of that court and has not objected within such time as may be specified by or under the Order.

5. —(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision Jurisdiction

for securing that, where an offence is alleged to have been over offences committed on board any ship by the master or a member of the on

crew and the ship belongs to a State specified in the Order, 0 p* proceedings for the offence instituted otherwise than at the

request or with the consent of a consular officer of that State are not entertained by any court in the United Kingdom, unless—

(a) the offence is alleged to have been committed by or

against a person who is a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies or is otherwise comprised in the definition of Mnational of the receiving State" in section 1(2) of this Act, or against a person other than the master or a member of the crew; or

(b) the offence is one involving the tranquillity or safety of a

port, or the law relating to safety of life at sea, public health, oil pollution, wireless telegraphy, immigration or customs or is of any other description specified in the Order; or

(c) the offence is one comprised in the definition of "grave

crime " in section 1 (2) of this Act.

(2) For the purposes of this section, an offence which affects the property of any person shall be deemed to have been committed against him.

(3) For the purposes of this section, any document purporting to be signed by or on behalf of a consular officer and stating that he has requested or consented to the institution of any proceedings shall be sufficient proof of that fact unless the contrary is shown.

6. Her Majesty may by Order in Council designate any Detention on State for the purposes of this section; and where a State is so board ship designated* a member of the crew of a ship belonging to that *°r.

State who is detained in custody on board for a disciplinary dj5ciplinary offence shall not be deemed to be unlawfully detained unless— ° cnces*

(a) his detention is unlawful under the laws of that State

or the conditions of detention are inhumane or unjustifiably severe; or

(b) there is reasonable cause for believing that his life or

liberty will be endangered for reasons of race

346

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act 1968

Nationality of children of consular officers, etc.

1948 c. 56.

Refund of customs duty on

hydrocarbon

oils.

1952 c. 44.

1952 c. 18.

nationality, political opinion or religion, in any country to which the ship is likely to go.

7. —(1) A person bom within the United Kingdom and Colonies at any time after the coming into operation of this section shall not, by virtue of section 4 of the British Nationality Act 1948, be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies by birth if he is the child of a person who, at that time—

(a) was serving within the United Kingdom and Colonies

as a member of a consular post of any State; and

(b) was a national of that State;

unless he is the child of a father who at that time was a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies.

(2) In this section " member of a consular post " has the same meaning as, by virtue of Article 1 in Schedule 1 to this Act, it has in that Schedule, except that it does not include an honorary consular officer, nor, where a consular post of any State is headed by an honorary consular officer, any member of the post who is not in the full-time service of that State.

(3) Part III of the British Nationality Act 1948 (supplemental provisions) shall have effect as if any reference in it to that Act, except one referring to the date of the commencement of that Act, included a reference to this section.

8. —(1) The Treasury may authorise the Secretary of State or the Commissioners of Customs and Excise to make, if he or they think fit, arrangements for securing the refund of customs duty paid on any hydrocarbon oils (within the meaning of the Customs and Excise Act 1952) which are—

(a) bought in the United Kingdom; and

(b) used for such purpose that, had they been imported

for that use, exemption from customs duty thereon would have been required to be granted by virtue of Article 50 in Schedule 1 to this Act or by virtue of an Order under section 3(1) of this Act or section 1(2) of the Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act 1952.

(2) Any arrangements made under this section may impose conditions subject to which any refund is to be made.

(3) Any amount refunded under arrangements made under this section shall be defrayed—

(a) if the arrangements are made by the Secretary of State,

out of moneys provided by Parliament; and

(b) if the arrangements are made by the Commissioners of

Customs and Excise, out of the moneys standing to the credit of the General Account of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

347

9. Nothing in section 41 of the Telegraph Act 1863 or in regulations under section 1(2) (a) of the Telegraph Act 1962 shall prevent the giving of priority to messages from consular officers and replies thereto so far as may be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to any agreement made, whether before or after the passing of this Act, between the United Kingdom and any other State.

10. —(1) A diplomatic agent or consular officer of any State may, if authorised to do so under the laws of that State, administer oaths, take affidavits and do notarial acts—

(a) required by a person for use in that State or under

the laws thereof; or

(b) otherwise required by a national of that State but not for use in the United Kingdom except under the laws of some other country.

(2) Her Majesty may by Order in Council exclude or restrict the provisions of the preceding subsection in relation to the diplomatic agents or consular officers of any State if it appears to Her that in any territory of that State diplomatic agents or consular officers of the United Kingdom are not permitted to perform functions corresponding in nature and extent to those authorised by that subsection.

(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for applying section 6 of the Commissioners for Oaths Act 1889 (powers as to oaths and notarial acts abroad) to countries within die Commonwealth or the Republic of Ireland by requiring the section to be construed as if—

(a) the references therein to a foreign country or place

included such country or place as may be specified in the Order; and

(b) the diplomatic ranks specified in that section included

such ranks of any United Kingdommission in a country specified in the Order as may be so specified in relation to that country.

(4) In this section " diplomatic agent " has the same meaning as in the Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964.

11. If in any proceedings any question arises whether or not any person is entitled to any privilege or immunity under this Act, a certificate issued by or under the authority of the Secretary of State stating any fact relating to that question shall be conclusive evidence of that fact

12. In subsection (2) of section 1 of the Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act 1952 (power to confer certain immunities on persons performing functions corresponding to those of a consular officer)

Priority of telecommunications.

1863 c. 112. 1962 c. 14.

Right of diplomatic agents and consular officers to administer oaths and do notarial acts in certain cases.

1889 c. 10.

1964 c. 81. Evidence.

Consequential

amendment.

1952 c. 18.

348

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act

for paragraph (c) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (c) on members of the staff of any such person as is mentioned in the preceding paragraphs "

and for the words from " the like immunity " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " any immunities and privileges which are conferred by or may be conferred under the Consular Relations Act 1968, and the Order in Council may provide for extending, in relation to premises, official archives, communications, documents and personal property of persons on whom any immunities and privileges are or may be conferred under this section, and in relation to any fees and charges levied by them, the provisions of Articles 31 to 39 and 51 in Schedule 1 to that Act

An Order in Council made under this subsection may exclude from any immunities and privileges conferred by it persons who are permanently resident in the United Kingdom or are comprised within the definition of ‘ national of the receiving State * in section 1(2) of the Consular Relations Act 1968 or any class of such persons."

13.—(1) If consular officers are appointed—

(a) by Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom to serve in any other country within the Commonwealth or in the Republic of Ireland; or

(b) by the Government of any other country within the Commonwealth or of the Republic of Ireland to serve in the United Kingdom;

any enactment passed before the passing of this Act which confers any function on consular officers shall be construed in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) References (however expressed) in any such enactment to a consular officer shall be construed, subject to any provision made under subsection (3) (a) of this section, as not including a consular officer appointed as mentioned in subsection (l)(u) of this section.

I

(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision—

(a) for requiring references to a consular officer in any enactment passed before the passing of this Act to be construed as including a consular officer appointed as mentioned in subsection (l)(a) of this section (or as including a consular officer so appointed in any country or place specified in the Order) or for the exercise by a consular officer so appointed (or so appointed in any such country or place) of any functions conferred by the enactment on some other officer;

Commonwealth and Irish consular officers.

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

349

(b) for making in the Merchant Shipping Acts 1894 to

1967 or the Consular Conventions Act 1949 such 1949 c. 29. adaptations of any provision referring to a consular officer of a foreign State as appear to Her to be necessary or expedient to make the provision applicable to consular officers appointed as mentioned in subsection (1)(6) of this section and to dispense with any requirement as to the conclusion of a consular convention.

(4) The preceding provisions of this section shall not apply to the Consular Salaries and Fees Act 1891, but the expression 1891 c. 36.

" consular officer " in that Act shall include, in addition to the persons mentioned in section 3 of that Act, any person authorised by Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom to exercise consular functions in another country within the Commonwealth or in the Republic of Ireland and to take fees under that Act

14. —(1) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty in Orders in Council to make an Order containing such provision as is men- Council, tioned in section 1(11) or section 3(1) of this Act unless a draft thereof has been laid before and approved by resolution of

each House of Parliament.

(2) Any other statutory instrument made under the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(3) Any power to make an Order conferred by this Act includes power to vary or revoke such an Order by a subsequent Order.

15. Notwithstanding anything in the Colonial Laws Validity Validation of Act 1865, no colonial law within the meaning of that Act shall certain

be void or inoperative as being repugnant to the Admiralty ul ™

Offences (Colonial) Act 1849, the Territorial Waters Jurisdiction Act 1878 or section 685 or section 686 of the Merchant 1849 c! 96! Shipping Act 1894 by reason only of making provision corre- 1878 c! 73! sponding to section 5 of this Act. 1894 c. 60.

16. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Consular Relations Short title.

Act 1968. interpretation,

(2) For the purposes of section 4, 5 or 6 of this Act a ship, J^t'and^ and for the purposes of section 4 an aircraft, shall be treated as repeal, belonging to a State in such circumstances as may be specified

by an Order in Council under that section; and different circumstances may be so specified with respect to different States and different classes of ship or aircraft.

(3) This Act, except sections 7 to 11, shall not come into force until such day as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint

(4) In the Consular Conventions Act 1949, section 4, in sec- 1949 c. 29. tion 6(1) the words "or section 4" and, in section 7(2). paragraph (c) are hereby repealed.

350

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act 1968

Section 1.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

PROVISIONS OF VIENNA CONVENTION HAVING THE FORCE OF LAW IN THE UNITED KINGDOM

Article 1 ]

Definitions

1. For the purposes of the present Convention, the following expressions shall have the meanings hereunder assigned to them:

(a) *'consular post " means any consulate-general, consulate* vice-consulate or consular agency;

(b) "consular district" means the area assigned to a consular post for the exercise of consular functions;

(c) "head of consular post" means the person charged with

the duty of acting in that capacity;

(d) "consular officer" means any person, including the head

of a consular post, entrusted in that capacity with the exercise of consular functions;

(e) "consular employee" means any person employed in the

administrative or technical service of a consular post;

(f) " member of the service staff " means any person employed

in the domestic service of a consular post;

(g) "members of the consular post" means consular officers,

consular employees and members of the service staff;

(h) "members of the consular staff" means consular officers, other than the head of a consular post, consular employees and members of the service staff;

(0 "member of the private staff" means a person who is employed exclusively in the private service of a member of the consular post;

(/) " consular premises " means the buildings or parts of buildings and the land ancillary thereto, irrespective of ownership, used exclusively for the purposes of the consular post;

(k) "consular archives" includes all the papers, documents, correspondence, books, films, tapes and registers of the consular post, together with the ciphers and codes, the card-indexes and any article of furniture intended for their protection or safekeeping.

2. Consular officers are of two categories, namely career consular officers and honorary consular officers. The provisions of Chapter II of the present Convention apply to consular posts headed by career consular officers; the provisions of Chapter HI govern consular posts headed by honorary consular officers.

3. The particular status of members of the consular posts who are nationals or permanent residents of the receiving State is governed by Article 71 of the present Convention.

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

351

CHAPTER I.—CONSULAR RELATIONS IN GENERAL

Articlb 5 Consular functions

Consular functions consist in:

(a) protecting in the receiving State the interests of the sending

State and of its nationals, both individuals and bodies corporate, within the limits permitted by international law;

(b) furthering the development of commercial, economic, cultural and scientific relations between the sending State and the receiving State and otherwise promoting friendly relations between them in accordance with the provisions of the present Convention;

(c) ascertaining by all lawful means conditions and developments in the commercial, economic, cultural and scientific life of the receiving State, reporting thereon to the Government of the sending State and giving information to persons interested;

(d) issuing passports and travel documents to nationals of the sending State, and visas or appropriate documents to persons wishing to travel to the sending State;

(e) helping and assisting nationals, both individuals and bodies corporate, of the sending State;

if) acting as notary and civil registrar and in capacities t of a similar kind, and performing certain functions of an administrative nature, provided that there is nothing contrary thereto in the laws and regulations of the receiving State;

(g) safeguarding the interests of nationals, both individuals and bodies corporate, of the sending State in cases of succession mortis causa in the territory of the receiving State, in accordance with the laws and regulations of the receiving State;

(h) safeguarding, within the limits imposed by the laws and regulations of the receiving State, the interests of minors and other persons lacking full capacity who are nationals of the sending State, particularly where any guardianship or trusteeship is required with respect to such persons;

(0 subject to the practices and procedures obtaining in the receiving State, representing or arranging appropriate representation for nationals of the sending State before the tribunals and other authorities of the receiving State, for the purpose of obtaining, in accordance with the laws and regulations of the receiving State, provisional measures for the preservation of the rights and interests of these nationals, where, because of absence or any other reason, such nationals are unable at the proper time to assume the defence of their rights and interests;

(/) transmitting judicial and extra-judicial documents or executing letters rogatory or commissions to take evidence for

Sea. 1

352

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act 1968

Sch. 1

the courts of the sending State in accordance with international agreements in force or, in the absence of such international agreements, in any other manner compatible with the laws and regulations of the receiving State;

(k) exercising rights of supervision and inspection provided for in the laws and regulations of the sending State in respect of vessels having the nationality of the sending State, and of aircraft registered in that State, and in respect of their crews;

(0 extending assistance to vessels and aircraft mentioned in sub-paragraph (k) of this Article and to their crews, taking statements regarding the voyage of a vessel, examining and stamping the ship’s papers, and, without prejudice to the powers of the authorities of the receiving State, conducting investigations into any incidents which occurred during the voyage, and settling disputes of any kind between the master, the officers and the seamen in so far as this may be authorized by the laws and regulations of the sending State;

(m) performing any other functions entrusted to a consular post by the sending State which are not prohibited by the laws and regulations of the receiving State or to which no objection is taken by the receiving State or which are referred to in the international agreements in force between the sending State and the receiving State.

• Article 15

Temporary exercise of the functions of the head of a consular post

1. If the head of a consular post is unable to carry out his functions or the position of head of consular post is vacant, an acting head of post may act provisionally as head of the consular post.

2. The full name of the acting head of post shall be notified either by the diplomatic mission of the sending State or, if that State has no such mission in the receiving State, by the head of the consular post, or, if he is unable to do so, by any competent authority of the sending State, to the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of the receiving State or to the authority designated by that Ministry. As a general rule, this notification shall be given in advance. The receiving State may make the admission as acting head of post of a person who is neither a diplomatic agent nor a consular officer of the sending State in the receiving State conditional on its consent.

3. The competent authorities of the receiving State shall afford assistance and protection to the acting head of post. While he is in charge of the post, the provisions of the present Convention shall apply to him on the same basis as to the head of the consular post concerned. The receiving State shall not, however, be obliged to grant to an acting head of post any facility, privilege or immunity which the head of the consular post enjoys only subject to conditions not fulfilled by the acting head of post.

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

353

4. When, in the circumstances referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article, a member of the diplomatic staff of the diplomatic mission of the sending State in the receiving State is designated by the sending State as an acting head of post, he shall, if the receiving State does not object thereto, continue to enjoy diplomatic privileges and immunities

Article 17

Performance of diplomatic acts by consular officers

1. In a State where the sending State has no diplomatic mission and is not represented by a diplomatic mission of a third State, a consular officer may, with the consent of the receiving State, and without affecting his consular status, be authorized to perform diplomatic acts. The performance of such acts by a consular officer shall not confer upon him any right to claim diplomatic privileges and immunities.

2. A consular officer may, after notification addressed to the receiving State, act as representative of the sending State to any inter-governmental organization. When so acting, he shall be entitled to enjoy any privileges and immunities accorded to such a representative by customary international law or by international agreements; however, in respect of the performance by him of any consular function, he shall not be entitled to any greater immunity from jurisdiction than that to which a consular officer is entitled under the present Convention.

CHAPTER H.—FACILITIES, PRIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES RELATING TO CONSULAR POSTS. CAREER CONSULAR OFFICERS AND OTHER MEMBERS OF A CONSULAR POST

Section I.—Facilities. Privileges and Immunities

RELATING TO A CONSULAR POST

Articlb 31 Inviolability of the consular premises

1. Consular premises shall be inviolable to the extent provided in this Article.

2. The authorities of the receiving State shall not enter that part of the consular premises which is used exclusively for the purpose of the work of the consular post except with the consent of the head of the consular post or of his designee or of the head of the diplomatic mission of the sending State. The consent of the head of the consular post may, however, be assumed in case of fire or other disaster requiring prompt protective action.

4. The consular premises, their furnishings, the property of the consular post and its means of transport shall be immune from any form of requisition for purposes of national defence or public utility. If expropriation is necessary for such purposes, all possible steps shall be taken to avoid impeding the performance of consular functions, and prompt, adequate and effective compensation shall be paid to the sending State.

M

Sen 1.

354

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act 1968

Sen. 1

Article 32 Exemption from taxation of consular premises

1. Consular premises and the residence of the career head of consular post of which the sending State or any person acting on its behalf is the owner or lessee shall be exempt from all national, regional or municipal dues and taxes whatsoever, other than such as represent payment for specific services rendered.

2. The exemption from taxation referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article shall not apply to such dues and taxes if, under the law of the receiving State, they are payable by the person who contracted with the sending State or with die person acting on its behalf.

Articlb 33

Inviolability of the consular archives and documents

The consular archives and documents shall be inviolable at all times and wherever they may be.

Articlb 35 Freedom of communication

1. The receiving State shall permit and protect freedom of communication on the part of the consular post for all official purposes. In communicating with the Government, the diplomatic missions and other consular posts, wherever situated, of the sending State, the consular post may employ all appropriate means, including diplomatic or consular couriers, diplomatic or consular bags and messages in code or cipher. However, the consular post may install and use a wireless transmitter only with the consent of the receiving State.

2. The official correspondence of the consular post shall be inviolable. Official correspondence means all correspondence relating to the consular post and its functions.

3. The consular bag shall be neither opened nor detained. Nevertheless, if the competent authorities of the receiving State have serious reason to believe that the bag contains something other than the correspondence, documents or articles referred to in paragraph 4 of this Article, they may request that the bag be opened in their presence by an authorized representative of the sending State. If this request is refused by the authorities of the sending State, the bag shall be returned to its place of origin.

4. The packages constituting the consular bag shall bear visible external marks of their character and may contain only official correspondence and documents or articles intended exclusively for official use.

5. The consular courier shall be provided with an official document indicating his status and the number of packages constituting the consular bag. Except with the consent of the receiving State

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

355

he shall be neither a national of the receiving State, nor, unless he is a national of the sending State, a permanent resident of the receiving State. In the performance of his functions he shall be protected by the receiving State. He shall enjoy personal inviolability and shall not be liable to any form of arrest or detention.

6. The sending State, its diplomatic missions and its consular posts may designate consular couriers ad hoc. In such cases the provisions of paragraph 5 of this Article shall also apply except that the immunities therein mentioned shall cease to apply when such a courier has delivered to the consignee the consular bag in his charge.

7. A consular bag may be entrusted to the captain of a ship or of a commercial aircraft scheduled to land at an authorized port of entry. He shall be provided with an official document indicating the number of packages constituting the bag, but he shall not be considered to be a consular courier. By arrangement with the appropriate local authorities, the consular post may send one of its members to take possession of the bag directly and freely from the captain of the ship or of the aircraft

Articlb 39 Consular fees and charges

1. The consular post may levy in the territory of the receiving State the fees and charges provided by the laws and regulations of the sending State for consular acts.

2. The sums collected in the form of the fees and charges referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article, and the receipts for such fees and charges, shall be exempt from all dues and taxes in the receiving State.

Section n.—Facilities. Privileges and Immunities relating to Career Consular Officers and other Members of a Consular Post

Articlb 41 Personal inviolability of consular officers

1. Consular officers shall not be liable to arrest or detention pending trial, except in the case of a grave crime and pursuant to a decision by the competent judicial authority.

2. Except in the case specified in paragraph 1 of this Article, consular officers shall not be committed to prison or liable to any other form of restriction on their personal freedom save in execution of a judicial decision of final effect.

Articlb 43 Immunity from jurisdiction

1. Consular officers and consular employees shall not be amenable to the jurisdiction of the judicial or administrative authorities of the receiving State in respect of acts performed in the exercise of consular functions.

SCH. 1

356

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act 1968

See. 1 2. The provisions of paragraph 1 of this Article shall not, however,

apply in respect of a civil action either:

(a) arising out of a contract concluded by a consular officer or a consular employee in which he did not contract expressly or impliedly as an agent of the sending State; or

(b) by a third party for damage arising from an accident in the receiving State caused by a vehicle, vessel or aircraft*

Articlb 44 Liability to give evidence

1. Members of a consular post may be called upon to attend as witnesses in the course of judicial or administrative proceedings. A consular employee or a member of the service staff shall not, except in the cases mentioned in paragraph 3 of this Article, decline to give evidence. If a consular officer should decline to do so, no coercive measure or penalty may be applied to him.

2. The authority requiring the evidence of a consular officer shall avoid interference with the performance of his functions. It may. when possible, take such evidence at his residence or at the consular post or accept a statement from him in writing.

3. Members of a consular post are under no obligation to give evidence concerning matters connected with the exercise of their functions or to produce official correspondence and documents relating thereto. They are also entitled to decline to give evidence as expert witnesses with regard to the law of the sending State.

Articlb 45 Waiver of privileges and immunities

1. The sending State may waive, with regard to a member of the consular post, any of the privileges and immunities provided for in Articles 41, 43 and 44.

2. The waiver shall in all cases be express, except as provided in paragraph 3 of this Article, and shall be communicated to the receiving State in writing.

3. The initiation of proceedings by a consular officer or a consular employee in a matter where he might enjoy immunity from Jurisdiction under Article 43 shall preclude him from invoking immunity from jurisdiction in respect of any counter-claim directly connected with the principal claim.

4. The waiver of immunity from jurisdiction for the purposes of civil or administrative proceedings shall not be deemed to imply the waiver of immunity from the measures of execution resulting from the judicial decision; in respect of such measures, a separate waiver shall be necessary.

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

357

Articlb 48 Social security exemption

1. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Article, members of the consular post with respect to services rendered by them for the sending State, and members of their families forming part of their households, shall be exempt from social security provisions which may be in force in the receiving State.

2. The exemption provided for in paragraph 1 of this Article shall apply also to members of the private staff who are in the sole employ of members of the consular post, on condition:

(a) that they are not nationals of or permanently resident in the receiving State; and

(b) that they are covered by the social security provisions which are in force in the sending State or a third State.

3. Members of the consular post who employ persons to whom the exemption provided for in paragraph 2 of this Article does not apply shall observe the obligations which the social security provisions of the receiving State impose upon employers.

4. The exemption provided for in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Article shall not preclude voluntary participation in the social security system of the receiving State, provided that such participation is permitted by that State.

Article 49 Exemption from taxation

1. Consular officers and consular employees and members of their families forming part of their households shall be exempt from all dues and taxes, personal or real, national, regional or municipal, except:

(a) indirect taxes of a kind which are normally incorporated in the price of goods or services;

(b) dues or taxes on private immovable property situated in

the territory of the receiving State, subject to the provisions of Article 32;

(c) estate, succession or inheritance duties, and duties on trans-

fers, levied by the receiving State, subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of Article 51;

(d) dues and taxes on private income, including capital gains, having its source in the receiving State and capital taxes relating to investments made in commercial or financial undertakings in the receiving State;

(e) charges levied for specific services rendered;

CO registration, court or record fees, mortgage dues and stamp duties, subject to the provisions of Article 32.

2. Members of the service staff shall be exempt from dues and taxes on the wages which they receive for their services.

Sol 1

358

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act 1968

Schl 1 3. Members of the consular post who employ persons whose wages

or salaries are not exempt from income tax in the receiving State shall observe the obligations which the laws and regulations of that State impose upon employers concerning the levying of income tax.

Articlb 50 Exemption from customs duties and inspection

1. The receiving State shall, in accordance with such laws and regulations as it may adopt, permit entry of and grant exemption from all customs duties, taxes, and related charges other than charges for storage, cartage and similar services, on:

(a) articles for the official use erf the consular post;

(b) articles for the personal use of a consular officer or members

of his family forming part of his household, including articles intended for his establishment The articles intended for consumption shall not exceed the quantities necessary for direct utilization by the persons concerned.

2. Consular employees shall enjoy the privileges and exemptions specified in paragraph 1 of this Article in respect of articles imported at the time of first installation.

3. Personal baggage accompanying consular officers and members of their families forming part of their households shall be exempt from inspection. It may be inspected only if there is serious reason to believe that it contains articles other than those referred to in sub-paragraph (6) erf paragraph 1 of this Article, or articles the import or export of which is prohibited by the laws and regulations of the receiving State or which are subject to its quarantine laws and regulations. Such inspection shall be carried out in the presence of the consular officer or member of his family concerned.

Articlb 51

Estate of a member of the consular post or of a member of his family

In the event of the death of a member of the consular post or of a member of his family forming part of his household, the receiving State:

(a) shall permit the export of the movable property of the deceased, with the exception of any such property acquired in the receiving State the export of which was prohibited at the time of his death;

(b) shall not levy national, regional or municipal estate, succession or inheritance duties, and duties on transfers, on movable property the presence of which in the receiving State was due solely to the presence in that State of the deceased as a member of the consular post or as a member of the family of a member of the consular post

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

359

Articlb 52

Exemption from personal sendees and contributions

The receiving State shall exempt members of the consular post and members of their families forming part of their households from all personal services, from all public service of any kind whatsoever, and from military obligations such as those connected with requisitioning, military contributions and billeting.

Articlb 53

Beginning and end of consular privileges and tmnumities

1. Every member of the consular post shall enjoy the privileges and immunities provided in the present Convention from the moment he enters the territory of the receiving State on proceeding to take up his post or, if already in its territory, from the moment when he enters on his duties with the consular post.

2. Members of the family of a member of the consular post forming part of his household and members of his private staff shall receive the privileges and immunities provided in the present Convention from the date from which he enjoys privileges and immunities in accordance with paragraph 1 of this Article or from the date of their entry into the territory of the receiving State or from the date of their becoming a member of such family or private staff, whichever is the latest.

3. When the functions of a member of the consular post have come to an end, his privileges and immunities and those of a member of his family forming part of his household or a member of his private staff shall normally cease at the moment when the person concerned leaves the receiving State or on the expiry of a reasonable period in which to do so, whichever is the sooner, but shall subsist until that time, even in case of armed conflict In the case of the persons referred to in paragraph 2 of this Article, their privileges and immunities shall come to an end when they cease to belong to the household or to be in the service of a member of the consular post provided, however, that if such persons intend leaving the receiving State within a reasonable period thereafter, their privileges and immunities shall subsist until the time of their departure.

4. However, with respect to acts performed by a consular officer or a consular employee in the exercise of his functions, immunity from jurisdiction shall continue to subsist without limitation of time.

5. In the event of the death of a member of the consular post, the members of his family forming part of his household shall continue to enjoy the privileges and immunities accorded to them until they leave the receiving State or until the expiry of a reasonable period enabling them to do so, whichever is the sooner.

SCH. 1

360

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act 1968

Sch.1

Articlb 54 Obligations of third States

1. If a consular officer passes through or is in the territory of a third State, which has granted him a visa if a visa was necessary, while proceeding to take up or return to his post or when returning to the sending State, the third State shall accord to him all immunities provided for by the other Articles erf the present Convention as may be required to ensure his transit or return. The same shall apply in the case of any member of his family forming part of his household enjoying such privileges and immunities who' are accompanying the consular officer or travelling separately to join him or to return to the sending State.

2. In circumstances similar to those specified in paragraph 1 of this Article, third States shall not hinder the transit through their territory of other members of the consular post or of members of their families forming part of their households.

3. Third States shall accord to official correspondence and to other official communications in transit, including messages in code or cipher, the same freedom and protection as the receiving State is bound to accord under the present Convention. They shall accord to consular couriers who have been granted a visa, if a visa was necessary, and to consular bags in transit, the same inviolability and protection as the receiving State is bound to accord under the present Convention.

4. The obligations of third States under paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of this Article shall also apply to the persons mentioned respectively in those paragraphs, and to official communications and to consular bags, whose presence in the territory of the third State is due to force majeure.

Articlb 55

Respect for the laws and regulations of the receiving State

2. The consular premises shall not be used in any manner incompatible with the exercise of consular functions.

3. The provisions of paragraph 2 of this Article shall not exclude the possibility of offices of other institutions or agencies being installed in part of the building in which the consular premises are situated, provided that the premises assigned to them are separate from those used by the consular post. In that event, the said offices shall not, for the purposes of the present convention, be considered to form part of the consular premises.

Articlb 57

Special provisions concerning private gainful occupation

2. Privileges and immunities provided in this Chapter shall not be accorded:

(a) to consular employees or to members of the service staff who carry on any private gainful occupation in the receiving State;

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

361

(6) to members of the family of a person referred to in sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph or to members of his private staff;

(c) to members of the family of a member of a consular post who themselves carry on any private gainful occupation in the receiving State.

CHAPTER HI.—REGIME RELATING TO HONORARY CONSULAR OFFICERS AND CONSULAR POSTS HEADED BY SUCH OFFICERS

Articlb 58

General provisions relating to facilities, privileges and immunities

1. Articles 35 and 39, para-

graph 3 of Article 54 and paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article 55 shall apply to consular posts headed by an honorary consular officer. In addition, the facilities, privileges and immunities of such consular posts shall be governed by Articles 60, 61 and 62.

2. Articles 43, paragraph 3 of Article 44, Articles 45

and 53 shall apply to honorary consular

officers. In addition, the facilities, privileges and immunities of

such consular officers shall be governed by Articles

66 and 67.

3. Privileges and immunities provided in the present Convention shall not be accorded to members of the family of an honorary consular officer or of a consular employee employed at a consular post headed by an honorary consular officer.

Articlb 60 Exemption from taxation of consular premises

1. Consular premises of a consular post headed by an honorary consular officer of which the sending State is the owner or lessee shall be exempt from all national, regional or municipal dues and taxes whatsoever, other than such as represent payment for specific services rendered.

2. The exemption from taxation referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article shall not apply to such dues and taxes if, under the laws and regulations of the receiving State, they are payable by the person who contracted with the sending State.

Articlb 61

Inviolability of consular archives and documents

The consular archives and documents of a consular post headed by an honorary consular officer shall be inviolable at all times and wherever they may be, provided that they are kept separate from other papers and documents and, in particular, from the private correspondence of the head of a consular post and of any person working with him, and from the materials, books or documents relating to their profession or trade.

M*

SCH. 1

362

Ch. 18

Consular Relations Act 1968

Sch. 1

Article 62 Exemption from customs duties

The receiving State shall, in accordance with such laws and regulations as it may adopt, permit entry of, and grant exemption from all customs duties, taxes, and related charges other than charges for storage, cartage and similar services on the following articles, provided that they are for the official use of a consular post headed by an honorary consular officer: coats-of-arms, flags, signboards, seals and stamps, books, official printed matter, office furniture, office equipment and similar articles supplied by or at the instance of the sending State to the consular post.

Articlb 66 Exemption from taxation

An honorary consular officer shall be exempt from all dues and taxes on the remuneration and emoluments which he receives from the sending State in respect of the exercise of consular functions.

Articlb 67

Exemption from personal services and contributions

The receiving State shall exempt honorary consular officers from all personal services and from all public services of any kind whatsoever and from military obligations such as those connected with requisitioning, military contributions and billeting.

CHAPTER IV.—GENERAL PROVISIONS

Articlb 70

Exercise of consular functions by diplomatic missions

1. The provisions of the present Convention apply also, so far as the context permits, to the exercise of consular functions by a diplomatic mission.

2. The names of members of a diplomatic mission assigned to the consular section or otherwise charged with the exercise of the consular functions of the mission shall be notified to the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of the receiving State or to the authority designated by that Ministry.

4. The privileges and immunities of the members of a diplomatic mission referred to in paragraph 2 of this Article shall continue to be governed by the rules of international law concerning diplomatic relations.

Articlb 71

Nationals or permanent residents of the receiving State

1. Except in so far as additional facilities, privileges and immunities may be granted by the receiving State, consular officers who are nationals of or permanently resident in the receiving State

Consular Relations Act 1968

Ch. 18

363

shall enjoy only immunity from jurisdiction and personal inviolability Sch. 1 in respect of official acts performed in the exercise of their functions, and the privilege provided in paragraph 3 of Article 44.

2. Other members of the consular post who are nationals of or permanently resident in the receiving State and members of their families, as well as members of the families of consular officers referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article, shall enjoy facilities, privileges and immunities only in so far as these are granted to them by the receiving State. Those members of the families of members of the consular post and those members of the private staff who are themselves nationals of or permanently resident in the receiving State shall likewise enjoy facilities, privileges and immunities only in so far as these are granted to them by the receiving State.

SCHEDULE 2 Section 3 (1).

PROVISIONS FOR GIVING EFFECT TO OTHER AGREEMENTS

1. The like exemption from dues and taxes may be extended to the residence of any member of a consular post as is accorded under Article 32 in Schedule 1 to this Act to the residence of the career head of a consular post.

2. Paragraph 1 of Article 49 in that Schedule may be extended to members of the service staff.

3. Paragraph 2 of Article 50 in that Schedule may be applied as if it were among the Articles mentioned in paragraph 2 of Article 58 in that Schedule, as if the reference to consular employees included members of the service staff and also such members of the families of consular employees or of members of the service staff as form part of their households, and as if the words " in respect of articles imported at the time of first installation " were omitted.

4. Articles 29 and 31 in Schedule 1 to the Diplomatic Privileges 1964 c. 81. Act 1964 (inviolability and immunity from jurisdiction and arrest

of diplomatic agents and exemption from duty to give evidence) may be extended to members of a consular post and members of their families forming part of their households.

5. Article 22 in Schedule 1 to the Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964 (inviolability and protection of mission) may be extended to consular premises and paragraph 1 of Article 30 in that Schedule (inviolability of private residence) may be extended to the residences of consular officers.

6. Article 27 in Schedule 1 to the Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964 (freedom of communications) may be extended to the communications of a consular post

M* 2

Ch. 19

365

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 19

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to appeals in criminal cases to the criminal division of the Court of Appeal, and thence to the House of Lords.

[8th May 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Appeal to Court of Appeal in Criminal Cases

Appeal against conviction on indictment

1.—(1) A person convicted of an offence on indictment may Right of appeal to the Court of Appeal against his conviction. appeal.

(2) The appeal may be—

(a) on any ground which involves a question of law alone; and

(6) with the leave of the Court of Appeal, on any ground which involves a question of fact alone, or a question of mixed law and fact, or on any other ground which appears to the Court of Appeal to be a sufficient ground of appeal;

but if the judge of the court of trial grants a certificate that the case is fit for appeal on a ground which involves a question of fact, or a question of mixed law and fact, an appeal lies under this section without the leave of the Court of Appeal.

M* 3

366

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part I

Grounds for allowing appeal under

s. 1.

Power to substitute conviction of alternative offence.

Sentence when appeal allowed on part of an indictment

2. —<1) Except as provided by this Act, the Court of Appeal shall allow an appeal against conviction if they think—

(a) that the verdict of the jury should be set aside on the ground that under all the circumstances of the case it is unsafe or unsatisfactory; or

(b) that the judgment of the court of trial should be set

aside on the ground of a wrong decision of any question of law; or

(c) that there was a material irregularity in the course of the

trial,

and in any other case shall dismiss the appeal:

Provided that the Court may, notwithstanding that they are of opinion that the point raised in the appeal might be decided in favour of the appellant, dismiss the appeal if they consider that no miscarriage of justice has actually occurred.

(2) In the case of an appeal against conviction the Court shall, if they allow the appeal, quash the conviction.

(3) An order of the Court of Appeal quashing a conviction shall, except when under section 7 below the appellant is ordered to be retried, operate as a direction to the court of trial to enter, instead of the record of conviction, a judgment and verdict of acquittal.

3. —(1) This section applies on an appeal against conviction, where the appellant has been convicted of an offence and the jury could on the indictment have found him guilty of some other offence, and on the finding of the jury it appears to the Court of Appeal that the jury must have been satisfied of facts which proved him guilty of the other offence.

(2) The Court may, instead of allowing or dismissing the appeal, substitute for the verdict found by the jury a verdict of guilty of the other offence, and pass such sentence in substitution for the sentence passed at the trial as may be authorised by law for the other offence, not being a sentence of greater severity.

4. —(1) This section applies where, on an appeal against conviction on an indictment containing two or more counts, the Court of Appeal allow the appeal in respect of part of the indictment

(2) Except as provided by subsection (3) below, the Court may in respect of any count on which the appellant remains convicted pass such sentence, in substitution for any sentence passed thereon at the trial, as they think proper and is authorised by law for the offence of which he remains convicted on that count

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

367

(3) The Court shall not under this section pass any sentence Part I such that the appellant’s sentence on the indictment as a whole will, in consequence of the appeal, be of greater severity than the sentence (taken as a whole) which was passed at the trial for all offences of which he was convicted on the indictment.

5. —(1) This section applies on an appeal against conviction Disposal of

by a person in whose case the jury have found a special verdict. apP^ against

conviction

(2) If the Court of Appeal consider that a wrong conclusion on special has been arrived at by die court of trial on the effect of theverdict jury’s verdict they may, instead of allowing the appeal, order such conclusion to be recorded as appears to them to be in law required by the verdict, and pass such sentence in substitution for the sentence passed at the trial as may be authorised by law.

6. —(1) Where, on an appeal against conviction, the Court Substitution

of Appeal are of opinion— ?f finding of

(a) that the proper verdict would have been one of not unfitness to

guilty by reason of insanity; or plead.

(b) that the case is not one where there should have been a

verdict of acquittal, but that there should have been a finding that the accused was under disability,

the Court shall make an order that the appellant be admitted to such hospital as may be specified by the Secretary of State.

(2) Schedule 1 to this Act applies with respect to the consequences and effect of an order made by the Court of Appeal under this section.

(3) On making an order under this section in the case of any person, the Court of Appeal may give such directions as they think fit for his conveyance to a place of safety and his detention there pending his admission to hospital within the relevant period specified by Schedule 1 to this Act.

(4) In section 72 of the Mental Health Act 1959 (which relates 1959 c. 72. to the removal to hospital of persons serving sentences of imprisonment and is applied by subsection (6) of the section

to persons in other forms of detention) references to a person serving a sentence of imprisonment shall be construed as not including references to a person subject to an order of the Court of Appeal under this section.

Retrial

7. —(1) Where the Court of Appeal allow an appeal against power to conviction and do so only by reason of evidence received or order retrial, available to be received by them under section 23 of this

Act and it appears to the Court that the interests of justice so require, they may order the appellant to be retried.

M* 4

368

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part I (2) A person shall not under this section be ordered to be retried for any offence other than—

(a) the offence of which he was convicted at the original

trial and in respect of which his appeal is allowed as mentioned in subsection (1) above;

(b) an offence of which he could have been convicted at

the original trial on an indictment for the first-mentioned offence; or

(c) an offence charged in an alternative count of the

indictment in respect of which the jury were discharged from giving a verdict in consequence of convicting him of the first-mentioned offence.

Supplementary 8.—(1) A person who is to be retried for an offence in

f*0™*®8 88 pursuance of an order under section 7 of this Act shall be tried o retrial. on a indictment preferred by direction of the Court of Appeal, and shall be tried before such court as the Court of Appeal may direct (being a court of assize or, if the offence is within the jurisdiction of a court of quarter sessions, a court of quarter sessions) or, if no such direction is given, before the court by which he was originally tried.

(2) The Court of Appeal may, on ordering a retrial, make such orders as appear to them to be necessary or expedient—

(a) for the custody or admission to bail of the person

ordered to be retried pending his retrial; or

(b) for the retention pending the retrial of any property or

money forfeited, restored or paid by virtue of the original conviction or any order made on that conviction.

(3) If the person ordered to be retried was, immediately before the determination of his appeal, liable to be detained in

1959 c 72 pursuance of an order or direction under Part V of the Mental Health Act 1959.—

(a) that order or direction shall continue in force pending

the retrial as if the appeal had not been allowed; and

(b) any order made by the Court of Appeal under this

section for his custody or admission to bail shall have effect subject to the said order or direction.

(4) Schedule 2 to this Act has effect with respect to the procedure in the case of a person ordered to be retried, the sentence which may be passed if the retrial results in his conviction and the order for costs which may be made if he is acquitted.

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

369

Appeal against sentence Part I

9. A person who has been convicted of an offence on Appeal

indictment may appeal to the Court of Appeal against any against sentence (not being a sentence fixed by law) passed on him for Je"tcn?e the offence, whether passed on his conviction or in subsequent ^"viSion on proceedings. indictment.

10. —(1) This section has effect for providing rights of appeal Appeal

against sentence when a person is dealt with by a court of against assize or quarter sessions (otherwise than on appeal from a sentence in magistrates’ court) for an offence of which he was not convicted deal[ witfTat on indictment. or

(2) The proceedings from which an appeal against sentence quarter lies under this section are those where an offender convictedsessions' of an offence by a magistrates’ court—

(a) is committed by the court to be dealt with for his offence

at assizes or quarter sessions; or

(b) having been made the subject of a probation order or

an order for conditional discharge or given a suspended sentence, appears or is brought before a court of assize or quarter sessions to be further dealt with for his offence.

(3) An offender dealt with for an offence at assizes or quarter sessions in a proceeding to which subsection (2) of this section applies may appeal to the Court of Appeal against sentence in any of the following cases:—

(a) where either for that offence alone or for that offence

and other offences for which sentence is passed in the same proceeding, he is sentenced to imprisonment for a term of six months or more; or

(b) where the sentence is one which the court convicting

him had not power to pass; or

(c) where the court in dealing with him for the offence

makes in respect of him—

(i) a recommendation for deportation; or

(ii) an order disqualifying him for holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle under

Part II of the Road Traffic Act 1960; or i960 c. 16.

(iii) an order under section 40 of the Criminal 1967 c. 80. Justice Act 1967 (orders as to existing suspended sentence when person subject to the sentence is

again convicted).

(4) For purposes of subsection <3)(a) of this section, any two or more sentences are to be treated as passed in the same proceeding if—

(a) they are passed on the same day; or

370

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part I (b) they are passed on different days but the court in

passing any one of them states that it is treating that one together with the other or others as substantially one sentence;

and consecutive terms of imprisonment and terms which are wholly or partly concurrent are to be treated as a single term.

Supplementary 11.—(1) An appeal against sentence, whether under section 9

provisions as or under section 10 of this Act, lies only with the leave of the Court of Appeal.

sentence. (2) Where a court of assize or quarter sessions, in dealing

with an offender either on his conviction on indictment or in a proceeding to which section 10(2) of this Act applies, has passed on him two or more sentences in the same proceeding (which expression has the same meaning in this subsection as it has for the purposes of section 10), being sentences against which an appeal lies under section 9 or section 10. an appeal or application for leave to appeal against any one of those sentences shall be treated as an appeal or application in respect of both or all of them.

(3) On an appeal against sentence the Court of Appeal, if they consider that the appellant should be sentenced differently for an offence for which he was dealt with by the court below may—

(a) quash any sentence or order which is the subject of

the appeal; and

(b) in place of it pass such sentence or make such order as

they think appropriate for the case and as the court below had power to pass or make when dealing with him for the offence; but the Court shall so exercise their powers under this subsection that, taking the case as a whole, the appellant is not more severely dealt with on appeal than he was dealt with by the court below.

(4) The power of the Court of Appeal under subsection (3) of this section to pass a sentence which the court below had power to pass for an offence shall, notwithstanding that the

1967 c. 80. court below made no order under section 40(1) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 (power of court on conviction of further offence to deal with suspended sentence) in respect of a suspended sentence previously passed on the appellant for another offence, include power to deal with him in respect of that suspended sentence where the court below—

(a) could have so dealt with him if it had not passed on him a sentence of borstal training quashed by the Court of Appeal under subsection (3) (a) of this section; or

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

371

(b) did so deal with him in accordance with paragraph Part I

(d) of the said section 40(1) (power of Court of Appeal to make no order with respect to suspended sentence).

Appeal in cases of insanity

12. A person in whose case there is returned a verdict of not Appeal against guilty by reason of insanity may appeal to the Court of Appeal vc^dict.1?J against the verdict— £y of

(a) on any ground of appeal which involves a question of insanity, law alone; and

(b) with the leave of the Court of Appeal, on any ground which involves a question of fact alone, or a question of mixed law and fact, or on any other ground which appears to the Court of Appeal to be a sufficient ground of appeal;

but if the judge of the court of trial grants a certificate that the case is fit for appeal on a ground which involves a question of fact, or a question of mixed law and fact, an appeal lies under this section without the leave of the Court of Appeal.

13.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Court Disposal of of Appeal shall allow an appeal under section 12 of this Act if aPj^al they are of opinion— s-12,

(a) that the verdict should be set aside on the ground that

under all the circumstances of the case it is unsafe or unsatisfactory; or

(b) that the order of the court giving effect to the verdict

should be set aside on the ground of a wrong decision of any question of law; or

(c) that there was a material irregularity in the course of

the trial,

and in any other case shall dismiss the appeal.

(2) The Court of Appeal may dismiss an appeal under section 12 of this Act, if of opinion that, notwithstanding that the point raised in the appeal might be decided in favour of the appellant, no miscarriage of justice has actually occurred.

(3) Where apart from this subsection—

(a) an appeal under section 12 of this Act would fall to be

allowed; and

(b) none of the grounds for allowing it relates to the

question of the insanity of the accused,

the Court of Appeal may dismiss the appeal if they are of opinion that, but for the insanity of the accused, the proper verdict would have been that he was guilty of an offence other than the offence charged.

372

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part I

Hospital order on disposal of appeal.

Ch. 19

(4) Where an appeal under section 12 of this Act is allowed, the following provisions apply: —

(a) if the ground, or one of the grounds, for allowing the

append is that the finding of the jury as to the insanity of the accused ought not to stand and the Court of Appeal are of opinion that the proper verdict would have been that he was guilty of an offence (whether the offence charged or any other offence of which the jury could have found him guilty), the Court—

(i) shall substitute for the verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity a verdict of guilty of that offence; and

(ii) shall, subject to subsection (5) below, have the like powers of punishing or otherwise dealing with the appellant, and other powers, as the court of trial would have had if the jury had come to the substituted verdict; and

(b) in any other case, the Court of Appeal shall substitute for the verdict of the jury a verdict of acquittal.

(5) The Court of Appeal shall not by virtue of subsection

(4)(a) above sentence any person to death; but where under that paragraph they substitute a verdict of guilty of an offence for which apart from this subsection they would be required to sentence the appellant to death, their sentence shall (whatever the circumstances) be one of imprisonment for life.

(6) An order of the Court of Appeal allowing an appeal in accordance with this section shall operate as a direction to the court of trial to amend the record to conform with the order.

14.—(1) Where, on an append under section 12 of this Act, the Court of Appeal are of opinion that the case is not one where there should have been a verdict of acquittal but that there should have been a finding that the accused was under disability, the Court shall make an order that the appellant be admitted to such hospital as may be specified by the Secretary of State.

(2) Where in accordance with section 13(4) of this Act the Court of Appeal substitute a verdict of acquittal, and they are of opinion—

(a) that the appellant is suffering from mental disorder of a nature or degree which warrants his detention in a hospital under observation (with or without other medical treatment) for at least a limited period; and

y

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

373

(b) that he ought to be so detained in the interests of his Part I own health or safety or with a view to the protection of other parsons, the Court shall make an order that the appellant be admitted for observation to such hospital as may be specified by the Secretary of State.

(3) Schedule 1 to this Act applies with respect to the consequences and effect of an order made by the Court of Appeal under this section.

(4) On making an order under this section in the case of any person, the Court of Appeal may give such directions as they think fit for his conveyance to a place of safety and his detention there pending his admission to hospital within the relevant period specified in Schedule 1 to this Act.

(5) In section 72 of the Mental Health Act 1959 (which 1959 c*72-relates to the removal to hospital of persons serving sentences

of imprisonment and is applied by subsection (6) of the section also to persons in other forms of detention) references to a person serving a sentence of imprisonment shall be construed as not including references to a person subject to an order of the Court of Appeal under subsection (1) of this section.

Unfitness to stand trial

15. —(1) Where there has been a determination under section 4 Right of of the Criminal Procedure (Insanity) Act 1964 of the question of finding

a person’s fitness to be tried, and die jury has returned a finding disability, that he is under disability, the person may appeal to the Court 1954 c w of Appeal against the finding.

(2) An appeal under this section may be—

(a) on any ground of appeal which involves a question of

law alone; and

(b) with the leave of the Court of Appeal, on any ground

which involves a question of fact alone, or a question of mixed law and fact, or on any other ground which appears to the Court of Appeal to be a sufficient ground of appeal;

but if the judge of the court of trial grants a certificate that the case is fit for appeal on a ground which involves a question of fact, or a question of mixed law and fact, an appeal lies under this section without the leave of the Court of Appeal.

16. —(1) The Court of Appeal shall allow an appeal under Disposal of

section 15 of this Act if they are of opinion— sflsT

(a) that the finding of the jury should be set aside on the ground that under all the circumstances of the case it is unsafe or unsatisfactory; or

374

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part I

1959 c. 72.

Reference by

Home

Secretary.

(b) that the order of the court giving effect to the finding

should be set aside on the ground of a wrong decision of any question of law; or

(c) that there was a material irregularity in the course of the

determination of the question of fitness to be tried;

and in any other case (except one to which subsection (2) below applies) shall dismiss the appeal; but they may dismiss the appeal if of opinion that, notwithstanding that the point raised in the appeal might be decided in favour of the appellant, no miscarriage of justice has actually occurred.

(2) An appeal under section 15 of this Act may, in a case where the question of fitness to be tried was determined later than on arraignment, be allowed by the Court of Appeal (notwithstanding that the finding was properly come to) if the Court are of opinion that the case is one in which the accused should have been acquitted before die question of fitness to be tried was considered; and, if an appeal is allowed under this subsection, the Court of Appeal shall, in addition to quashing the finding, direct a verdict of acquittal to be recorded (but not a verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity).

(3) Subject to subsection (2) above, where an appeal under section 15 of this Act is allowed, the appellant may be tried accordingly for the offence with which he was charged, and the Court of Appeal may make such orders as appear to them to be necessary or expedient pending any such trial for his custody, admission to bail or continued detention under the Mental Health Act 1959; and Schedule 3 to this Act has effect for applying provisions in Part V of that Act to persons in whose case an order is made by the Court of Appeal under this subsection.

Review by Court of Appeal of cases tried on indictment

17.—(1) Where a person has been convicted on indictment, or been tried on indictment and found not guilty by reason of insanity, or been found by a jury to be under disability, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, at any time either—

(a) refer the whole case to the Court of Appeal and the

case shall then be treated for all purposes as an appeal to the Court by that person; or

(b) if he desires the assistance of the Court on any point

arising in the case, refer that point to the Court for their opinion thereon, and the Court shall consider the point so referred and furnish the Secretary of State with their opinion thereon accordingly.

(2) A reference by the Secretary of State under this section may be made by him either on an application by the person referred to in subsection (1), or without any such application.

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

375

Procedure from notice of appeal to hearing Part I

18. —(1) A person who wishes to appeal under this Part of Initiating this Act to the Court of Appeal, or to obtain the leave of that procedure, court to appeal, shall give notice of appeal or, as the case

may be, notice of application for leave to appeal, in such manner as may be directed by rules of court

(2) Notice of appeal, or of application for leave to appeal, shall be given within twenty-eight days from the date of the conviction, verdict or finding appealed against or in the case of appeal against sentence, from the date on which sentence was passed or, in the case of an order made or treated as made on conviction, from the date of the making of the order.

(3) The time for giving notice under this section may be extended, either before or after it expires, by the Court of Appeal.

19. The Court of Appeal may, if they think fit, on the Bail, application of an appellant, admit him to bail pending the determination of his appeal.

20. If it appears to the registrar of criminal appeals of the Disposal of Court of Appeal (hereafter referred to as " the registrar *) that "*® a notice of an appeal purporting to be on a ground of appeal ppeaL which involves a question of law alone does not show any substantial ground of appeal, he may refer the appeal to the Court

for summary determination; and where the case is so referred the Court may, if they consider that the appeal is frivolous or vexatious, and can be determined without adjourning it for a full hearing, dismiss the appeal summarily, without calling on any one to attend the hearing or to appear for the Crown thereon.

21. —(1) The registrar shall— Preparation of

(a) take all necessary steps for obtaining a hearing of any

appeal or application of which notice is given to him and which is not referred and dismissed summarily under the foregoing section; and

(b) obtain and lay before the Court of Appeal in proper

form all documents, exhibits and other things which appear necessary for the proper determination of the appeal or application.

(2) Rules of court may enable an appellant to obtain from the registrar any documents or things, including copies or reproductions of documents, required for his appeal and may authorise the registrar to make charges for them in accordance with scales and rates fixed from time to time by the Treasury.

376

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part I

Right of appellant to be present.

Evidence.

The hearing

22. —(1) Except as provided by this section, an appellant shall be entitled to be present, if he wishes it, on the hearing of his appeal, although he may be in custody.

(2) A person in custody shall not be entitled to be present—

(a) where his appeal is on some ground involving a question

of law alone; or

(b) on an application by him for leave to appeal; or

(c) on any proceedings preliminary or incidental to an

appeal; or

(d) where he is in custody in consequence of a verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity or of a finding of disability,

unless the Court of Appeal give him leave to be present

(3) The power of the Court of Appeal to pass sentence on a person may be exercised although he is for any reason not present.

23. —(1) For purposes of this Part of this Act the Court of Appeal may, if they think it necessary or expedient in the interests of justice—

(a) order the production of any document, exhibit or other

thing connected with the proceedings, the production of which appears to them necessary for the determination of the case;

(b) order any witness who would have been a compellable

witness in the proceedings from which the appeal lies to attend for examination and be examined before the Court, whether or not he was called in those proceedings; and

(c) subject to subsection (3) below, receive the evidence, if

tendered, of any witness.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) above, where evidence is tendered to the Court of Appeal thereunder the Court shall, unless they are satisfied that the evidence, if received, would not afford any ground for allowing the appeal, exercise their power of receiving it if—

(a) it appears to them that the evidence is likely to be

credible and would have been admissible in the proceedings from which the appeal lies on an issue which is the subject of the appeal; and

(b) they are satisfied that it was not adduced in those proceedings but there is a reasonable explanation for the failure to adduce it.

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

377

(3) Subsection (l)(c) above applies to any witness (including Part I the appellant) who is competent but not compellable, and applies

also to the appellant’s husband or wife where the appellant makes an application for that purpose and the evidence of the husband or wife could not have been given in the proceedings from which the appeal lies except on such an application.

(4) For purposes of this Part of this Act, the Court of Appeal may, if they think it necessary or expedient in the interests of justice, order the examination of any witness whose attendance might be required under subsection (1)(2>) above to be conducted, in manner provided by rules of court, before any judge or officer of the Court or other person appointed by the Court for the purpose, and allow the admission of any depositions so taken as evidence before the Court.

Costs, etc.

24. —(1) The Court of Appeal may, when they allow an Award of

appeal against conviction or against a verdict of not guilty by costs to reason of insanity or against a finding of disability, make an successful order for costs in favour of the appellant. appe " *

(2) An order for costs under this section is for the payment out of local funds of such sums as appear to the Court of Appeal reasonably sufficient to compensate the appellant for any expenses properly incurred by him in the case, that is to say—

(a) in the prosecution of his appeal, including any proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto; or

(b) in carrying on his defence at assizes or quarter sessions,

or before the examining justices who committed him for trial;

and the reference above to the appellant’s defence at assizes or quarter sessions includes a reference to his defence before any court of assize or quarter sessions before which proceedings for the offence for which he was committed were begun but not concluded.

25. —(1) The Court of Appeal may, when they dismiss an Costs on appeal or an application for leave to appeal, order the appellant dismissal of to pay to such person as may be named in the order the whole aPPcal*

or any part of the costs of the appeal or application.

(2) Costs ordered to be paid under this section may include the cost of any transcript of a record of proceedings made in accordance with rules of court made for the purposes of section 32 of this Act.

378

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part I Witnesses’ expenses. 26. The Court of Appeal may order the payment out of local funds of such sums as appear to the Court reasonably sufficient to compensate a person properly attending to give evidence on an appeal, or any proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto, whether or not he gives evidence, for the expense, trouble or loss of time properly incurred in or incidental to his attendance.

Expenses of appellant’s appearance. 27. Where an appellant who is not in custody appears before the Court of Appeal, either on the hearing of his appeal or in any proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto, the Court may direct that there be paid to him out of local funds the expenses of his appearance.

Provisions 28.—(1) Except as provided by the foregoing sections, no

supplementary costs shall be allowed on the hearing or determination of an to ss. 24 to 27. appeal or of any proceedings preliminary or incidental to an

1952 c. 48. appeal. (2) Any amount ordered to be paid under section 24, 25 or 26 of this Act, except where it is a specific amount ordered under section 24 to be paid towards the appellant's expenses as a whole, or under section 25 to be paid towards the costs of an appeal or application as a whole, and any amount ordered to be paid to an appellant under section 27 of this Act, shall be ascertained as soon as practicable by the registrar. (3) References in sections 24, 26 and 27 of this Act to payment out of local funds shall be construed as if they were contained in the Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952.

Effect of appeal on sentence. Other matters depending on result of appeal 29.—(1) The time during which an appellant is in custody pending the determination of his appeal shall, subject to any direction which the Court of Appeal may give to the contrary, be reckoned as part of the term of any sentence to which he is for the time being subject. (2) Where the Court of Appeal give a contrary direction under subsection (1) above, they shall state their reasons for doing so; and they shall not give any such direction where— (a) leave to appeal has been granted; or (b) a certificate has been given by the judge of the court of trial under section 1 of this Act; or (c) the case has been referred to them by the Secretary of State under section 17 of this Act.

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

379

(3) When an appellant is admitted to bail under section 19 of Part I this Act, the time during which he is at large after being so admitted shall be disregarded in computing the term of any sentence to which he is for the time being subject.

(4) The term of any sentence passed by the Court of Appeal under section 3, 4, 5, 11 or 13(4) of this Act shall, unless the Court otherwise direct, begin to run from the time when it would have begun to run if passed in the proceedings from which the appeal lies.

30.—(1) The operation of an order for the restitution of Restitution of property to a person made on a conviction on indictment and prop^? 00 the operation in case of any such conviction of section 240) of the Sale of Goods Act 1893 as to the revesting of the pro-Kg&^vict) perty in stolen goods on conviction shall (unless the court of K h

trial direct to the contrary in any case in which, in their opinion, the title to the property is not in dispute) be suspended—

(a) in any case until the expiration of twenty-eight days

from the date of conviction; and

(b) where notice of appeal or of application for leave to

appeal is given within twenty-eight days from the date of conviction, until the determination of the appeal.

(2) In cases where the operation of such an order, or of section 24(1) of the Sale of Goods Act 1893, is suspended until the determination of the appeal, the order or that subsection, as the case may be, shall not take effect as to the property in question if the conviction is quashed on appeal.

(3) Provision may be made by rules of court for securing the safe custody of any property, pending the suspension of the operation of any such order or of the said section 24(1).

(4) The Court of Appeal may by order annul or vary any order made by the court of trial for the restitution of property to any person, although the conviction is not quashed; and the order, if annulled, shall not take effect and, if varied, shall take effect as so varied.

Supplementary

31.—(1) The powers of the Court of Appeal under this Part Powers of of tins Act which are specified in subsection (2) below may be under

exercised by a single judge in the same manner as they may

be exercised by the Court and subject to the same provisions, exercisable by

(2) The said powers are the following:— single judge.

(a) to give leave to appeal;

(b) to extend the time within which notice of appeal or

of application for leave to appeal may be given;

380

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part I

Transcripts.

(c) to allow an appellant to be present at any proceedings;

(d) to order a witness to attend for examination;

ie) to admit an appellant to bail;

if) to make orders under section 8(2) of this Act and

discharge or vary such orders;

ig) to make orders for the payment of costs under section 25

of this Act;

ih) to give directions under section 29(1) of this Act

(3) If the single judge refuses an application on the part of an appellant to exercise in his favour any of the powers above specified, the appellant shall be entitled to have the application determined by the Court of Appeal.

32.—(1) Rules of court may provide—

(a) for the making of a record (whether by means of shorthand notes, by mechanical means or otherwise) of any proceedings in respect of which an appeal lies (with or without leave) to the Court of Appeal; and

(b) for the making and verification of a transcript of any such record and for supplying the transcript (on payment of such charge, if any, as may be fixed for the time being by the Treasury) to the registrar for the use of the Court of Appeal or any judge exercising the powers of a judge of the Court, and to such other persons and in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the rules.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) above, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, in any case direct that a transcript shall be made of any such record made in pursuance of the rules and be supplied to him.

(3) The cost—

ia) of making any such record in pursuance of the rules;

and

(b) of making and supplying in pursuance of this section

any transcript ordered to be supplied to the registrar or the Secretary of State,

shall be defrayed, in accordance with scales of payment fixed for the time being by the Treasury, out of moneys provided by Parliament; and the cost of providing and installing at a court any equipment required for the purpose of making such a record or transcript shall also be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

381

Part II

Appeal to House of Lords from Court of Appeal (Criminal Division)

The appeal

33. —(1) An appeal lies to the House of Lords, at the instance of the defendant or the prosecutor, from any decision of the Court of Appeal on an appeal to that court under Part I of this Act

(2) The appeal lies only with the leave of the Court of Appeal or the House of Lords; and leave shall not be granted unless it is certified by the Court of Appeal that a point of law of general public importance is involved in the decision and it appears to the Court of Appeal or the House of Lords (as the case may be) that the point is one which ought to be considered by that House.

34. —(1) An application to the Court of Appeal for leave to appeal to the House of Lords shall be made within the period of fourteen days beginning with the date of the decision of the Court; and an application to the House of Lords for leave shall be made within the period of fourteen days beginning with the date on which the application for leave is refused by the Court of Appeal.

(2) The House of Lords or the Court of Appeal may, upon application made at any time by the defendant, extend die time within which an application may be made by him to that House or the Court under subsection (1) above.

(3) An appeal to the House of Lords shall be treated as pending until any application for leave to appeal is disposed of and, if leave to appeal is granted, until the appeal is disposed of; and for purposes of this Part of this Act an application for leave to appeal shall be treated as disposed of at die expiration of the time within which it may be made, if it is not made within that time.

35. —(1) An appeal under this Part of this Act shall not be heard and determined by the House of Lords unless there are present at least three of the persons designated Lords of Appeal by section 5 of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876.

(2) Any order of the House of Lords which provides for the hearing of applications for leave to appeal by a committee constituted in accordance with section 5 of the said Act of 1876 may direct that the decision of that committee shall be taken on behalf of the House.

Right of appeal to House of Lords.

Application for leave to appeal.

Hearing and disposal of appeal.

1876 c. 59.

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

382

Part II

Bail on appeal by defendant

Detention of defendant on appeal by the Crown.

1959 c. 72.

1964 c. 84.

Ch. 19

(3) For the purpose of disposing of an appeal, the House of Lords may exercise any powers of the Court of Appeal or may remit the case to the Court.

Matters preliminary to hearing

36. The Court of Appeal may, if it seems fit, on the application of a person appealing or applying for leave to appeal to the House of Lords, admit him to bail pending the determination of his appeal.

37. —(1) The following provisions apply where, immediately after a decision of the Court of Appeal from which an appeal lies to the House of Lords, the prosecutor is granted or gives notice that he intends to apply for, leave to appeal.

(2) If, but for the decision of the Court of Appeal, the defendant would be liable to be detained, the Court of Appeal may make an order providing for his detention, or directing that he shall not be released except on bail (which may be granted by the Court as under section 36 above), so long as an appeal to the House of Lords is pending.

(3) An order under this section shall (unless the appeal has previously been disposed of) cease to have effect at the expiration of the period for which the defendant would have been liable to be detained but for the decision of the Court of Appeal.

(4) Where an order is made under this section in the case of a defendant who, but for the decision of the Cou»t of Appeal, would be liable to be detained in pursuance of—

(a) an order or direction under Part V of the Mental Health

Act 1959 (admission to hospital of persons convicted by criminal courts); or

(b) an order under section 5(1) of the Criminal Procedure

(Insanity) Act 1964 (admission to hospital following verdict of insanity or unfitness to stand trial),

the order under this section shall be one authorising his continued detention in pursuance of the order or direction referred to in paragraph (a) or ( ) of this subsection; and the provisions of the Mental Health Act 1959 with respect to persons liable to be detained as mentioned in this subsection (including provisions as to the renewal of authority for detention and the removal or discharge of patients) shall apply accordingly.

(5) Where the Court of Appeal have power to make an order under this section, and either no such order is made or the defendant is released or discharged, by virtue of subsection (3) or (4) of this section, before die appeal is disposed of, the defendant shall not be liable to be again detained as the result of the decision of the House of Lords on the appeal.

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

383

38. A defendant who is detained pending an appeal to the House of Lords shall not be entitled to be present on the hearing of the appeal or of any proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto, except where an order of the House of Lords authorises him to be present, or where the House or the Court of Appeal, as the case may be, give him leave to be present

Costs

39. —(1) The following provisions apply where—

(i a)an application for leave to appeal to the House of Lords is made by the prosecutor and is dismissed by the Court of Appeal or that House; or

(b) an appeal to the House of Lords (whether by the prosecutor or the defendant) is determined in favour of the defendant

(2) The Court of Appeal in the case of an application for leave to appeal being dismissed by them, and the House of Lords in any other case may, if they think fit order the payment to the defendant out of local funds (within the meaning of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952) of such sums as appear to them reasonably sufficient to compensate him for his expenses.

(3) The expenses which may be taken into account for purposes of subsection (2) above are, in a case to which subsection (l)(a) applies, those which the defendant has properly incurred in resisting the prosecutor’s application for leave to appeal; and in a case to which subsection (l)(h) applies they are those which he has properly incurred—

(a) in the appeal to the House of Lords, including any

application for leave to appeal; or

(b) in the prosecution of his appeal to the Court of Appeal;

or

(c) in carrying on his defence at assizes or quarter sessions

or before the examining justices who committed him for trial;

and the reference above to his defence at assizes or quarter sessions includes a reference to his defence before any court of assize or quarter sessions before which proceedings for the offence for which he was committed were begun but not concluded.

40. Where the Court of Appeal or the House of Lords dismiss an application by the defendant for leave to appeal to that House, the Court or the House of Lords may, if they think fit, order him to pay to such person as may be named in the order the whole or any part of the costs of the application.

Part II

Presence of defendant at hearing.

Award of costs to defendant (whether appellant or respondent).

1952 c. 48.

Costs against defendant.

384

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part II

General provision as to costs and expenses.

Restitution of property.

41.—(1) Except as provided by sections 39 and 40 of this Act, no costs shall be allowed on the hearing or determination of an appeal to the House of Lords or of any proceedings preliminary or incidental to such an appeal.

(2) Any amount ordered to be paid under section 39 or 40 above shall, except where it is a specific amount ordered to be paid towards the defendant's expenses as a whole or, as the case may be, towards the costs of his application as a whole, be ascertained as soon as practicable—

(a) where the order is made by the Court of Appeal, by the registrar; and

(b) where it is made by the House of Lords, by such officer or officers, and in such manner, as may be prescribed by order of the House.

Supplementary

42.—(1) Where the operation of an order for the restitution of property made on conviction on indictment is suspended until die determination of an appeal under Part I of this Act to the Court of Appeal, then, if the conviction is not quashed on that appeal, the operation of the order shall continue to be suspended—

(i a) in any case, until the expiration of the time within which an application for leave to appeal to the House of Lords may be made (disregarding any extension of time which may be granted under section 34 of this Act);

(b) if any such application is made within that time, so long as the appeal to the House of Lords is pending.

(2) Where the operation of any such order is suspended under this section,—

(a) the order shall not take effect if the conviction is

quashed on appeal to the House of Lords;

(b) such steps shall be taken for the safe custody of the property in question during the period during which the operation of the order is suspended as may be prescribed by rules of court.

(3) Where by reason of the quashing by the Court of Appeal of a person's conviction any such order does not take effect, and on an appeal to the House of Lords the conviction is restored by that House, the House may make any order for the restitution of property which could be made on his conviction by the court which convicted him.

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

385

(4) This section applies in relation to section 24(1) of the Part II Sale of Goods Act 1893 (revesting of stolen property on convic-1894 c. 71 tion of thief) as it applies in relation to an order for the restitu- (56 & 57 Vict), tion of property; and without prejudice to the powers of the House of Lords under subsection (3) of this section, the said section 24 shall apply in any case where a conviction on indictment is restored by that House as it applies on the conviction of an offender.

43.—(1) Where a person subject to a sentence is admitted to Effect of bail under section 36 or 37 of this Act, the time during which he appeal on is at large after being so admitted shall be disregarded in com-puting the term of his sentence.

(2) Subject to the foregoing subsection, any sentence passed on an appeal to the House of Lords in substitution for another sentence shall, unless that House or the Court of Appeal otherwise direct, begin to run from the time when the other sentence would have begun to run.

44. The following powers of the Court of Appeal under this Part of this Act, that is to say the power—

(a) to extend the time for making an application for leave

to appeal;

(b) to make an order for or in relation to bail; or

Powers of Court of Appeal under Part II which are exercisable by single judge.

(c) to give leave for a person to be present at the hearing of any proceedings preliminary or incidental to an appeal,

may be exercised by a single judge, but where the judge refuses an application to exercise any of the said powers the applicant shall be entitled to have the application determined by the Court of Appeal.

Part III Miscellaneous and General

45.—(1) Subject to rules of court made under section 1(5) of Jurisdiction the Criminal Appeal Act 1966 (power by rules to distribute °J of business of Court of Appeal between its civil and criminal ^p%Lunder divisions), all jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal under Part I ' or Part n of this Act shall be exercised by the criminal division iyw> c‘ 31* of the Court; and references in those Parts to the Court of Appeal shall be construed accordingly as references to that division of the Court.

N

386

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part HI

Rules of court

1925 c. 49.

Legal aid.

1930 c. 32.

(2) The references in sections 31 and 44 of this Act to a single judge are to any judge of the Court of Appeal or of the Queen’s Bench Division of the High Court.

46. —(1) Rules made under section 99 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 may make provision with respect to any matter for which provision by rules of court is to be made under Part I or Part II of this Act, and may regulate generally the practice and procedure of the criminal division of the Court of Appeal; and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, rules so made may require courts from which an appeal lies to that division to furnish it with any assistance or information which it may require for the purpose of exercising its jurisdiction.

(2) The Lord Chancellor may appoint two persons appearing to him to have special experience in criminal procedure, one being a practising barrister and one a practising solicitor, to be members of the Rule Committee of the Supreme Court (that is to say, the authority for the time being empowered to make rules under section 99 of the said Act of 1925) for the purpose of the Committee’s power to make rules by virtue of subsection (1) of this section.

47. —(1) The criminal division of the Court of Appeal may at any time assign to an appellant under Part I or Part II of this Act a solicitor and counsel, or counsel only, in his appeal or in proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto, where it appeara desirable in die interests of justice that he should have legal aid and that he has not sufficient means to enable him to obtain it.

(2) The registrar shall report to the criminal division of the Court of Appeal, or a judge of the Court of Appeal or of the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court, any case in which it appears to him that, although no application has been made for the purpose, a solicitor and counsel or counsel only ought to be assigned to an appellant under Part I of this Act.

(3) The power of the criminal division of the Court of Appeal to assign legal aid may be exercised by a judge of the Court of Appeal or of the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court in the same manner as it may be exercised by the criminal division and subject to the same provisions; but if the judge refuses an application to exercise the power in an appellant’s favour, the appellant shall be entitled to have the application determined by the Court.

(4) Where an appellant is to be retried by virtue of an order under section 7 of this Act. section 1 of the Poor Prisoners Defence Act 1930 (entidement to free legal aid) shall apply in his case as if he had been committed for trial for the offence

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

387

or offences in question and as if references in section 1(2) of PaktID that Act to the committing justices included references to the Court of Appeal.

(5) Sections 18 and 23 of the Legal Aid and Advice Act 1949 c. 51. 1949 (extension of right to free legal aid and provision as to payment for it out of local funds) shall have effect as if for references therein to section 10 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1907 c. 23. 1907 there were substituted references to subsection (1) of this section; and in section 21(a) of that Act (remuneration of solicitors and counsel) for the reference to the said Act of 1907

there shall be substituted a reference to Part I of this Act.

(6) The fees of any counsel, and the expenses and fees of any solicitor, assigned to an appellant under this section shall be defrayed out of local funds within the meaning of the Costs 1952 c. 48. in Criminal Cases Act 1952 up to an amount allowed—

(a) in the case of an appeal under Part I of this Act by the

criminal division of the Court of Appeal; and

(b) in the case of an appeal under Part II of this Act by the

House of Lords or by such officer or officers of that

House as may be prescribed by order of the House;

and references in section 12 of the said Act of 1952 (regulations) to the associated provisions of this Act shall be construed as including references to this subsection.

(7) This section is hereby repealed as from the day appointed

under section 106(5) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 for the 1967 c. 80. coming into force of Part IV of that Act (new provisions as to legal aid in criminal cases); and section 38(2) of the Interpreta- 1889 c. 63. tion Act 1889 shall apply to this repeal as if this section had been repealed by another Act.

48. Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect so as to modify Appeal in and supplement certain provisions in Parts I and II of this Act capital cases, in relation to cases involving sentence of death.

49. Nothing in this Act is to be taken as affecting Her Saving for

Majesty’s prerogative of mercy. SnnercyV0

54.—(1) In this Act, 44 sentence ", in relation to an offence, Meaning of includes any order made by a court when dealing with an 44 sentence offender (including a hospital order under Part V of the Mental 1959 c. 72. Health Act 1959, with or without an order restricting discharge) and also includes a recommendation for deportation.

(2) Any power of the criminal division of the Court of Appeal to pass a sentence includes a power to make a recommendation for deportation in cases where the court from which the appeal lies had power to make such a recommendation.

388

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Part in Interpretation.

1964 c. 84.

1962 c. 21. 1914 c. 12.

1959 c. 72.

Consequential amendment of enactments. 1965 c. 71.

1957 c. 11.

Transitional

provisions.

51. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires—

" appeal ", where used in Part I or II of this Act, means appeal under that Part, and "appellant" has a corresponding meaning and in Part I includes a person who has given notice of application for leave to appeal;

" the court of trial ", in relation to an appeal, means the court from which the appeal lies;

" the defendant ", in Part II of this Act, means, in relation to an appeal, the person who was the appellant before the criminal division of the Court of Appeal, and references to the prosecutor shall be construed accordingly;

" the judge of the court of trial " means the person who was die judge of that court, whether a judge of assize, chairman of quarter sessions, recorder or otherwise;

"under disability" has the meaning assigned to it by section 4 of the Criminal Procedure (Insanity) Act 1964 (unfitness to plead); and

" recommendation for deportation " means a recommendation under Part II of the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962 or under an order made under the Aliens Restriction Act 1914.

(2) Any expression used in this Act which is defined in section 147(1) of the Mental Health Act 1959 has the same meaning in this Act as in that Act

(3) Part I of this Act applies in relation to proceedings on a coroner's inquisition, and to matters arising out of such proceedings, as it applies in relation to proceedings on indictment and matters arising out of them.

52. —(1) The enactments specified in Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act shall be amended as shown in that Schedule.

(2) If under section 4 of the Murder (Abolition of Death Penalty) Act 1965 (which provides for the Act to expire on the 31st July 1970, unless Parliament otherwise determines, and for enactments repealed by it to be thereupon revived) the Homicide Act 1957 again operates as though the said Act of 1965 had not been passed. Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1957 shall then operate with the amendments shown in Part II of Schedule 5 to this Act.

53. The transitional provisions contained in Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect.

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

389

54. The enactments specified in the second column erf Part in Schedule 7 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified Repeals, in the third column of that Schedule.

55.-

1968.

(1) This Act may be cited as the Criminal Appeal Act Short title.

commencement

and extent

(2) This Act shall come into force on the day appointed under section 106(5) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 for the coming 1967 c. 80. into force of section 98 of that Act

(3) So much of Schedule 5 to this Act as amends the Geneva 1957 c. 52. Conventions Act 1957 shall extend to Scotland and Northern Ireland and the repeal by this Act of section 2(2) of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 shall extend to Northern i960 c. 65. Ireland; but except as aforesaid this Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

390

Section 6.

1959 c. 72.

Section 8.

1925 c. 86. 1967 c. 80.

Ch. 19 Criminal Appeal Act 1968

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Consequences and Effect of Order for Admission to Hospital under s.6 or s.14

1. —(1) An order for admission to hospital under section 6 or section 14 of this Act shall be sufficient authority for any person acting under the authority of the Secretary of State to take the person to whom the order relates and convey him at any time within the relevant period to the hospital specified by the Secretary of State.

(2) The relevant period for the purposes of this paragraph is—

(a) in relation to an order under section 6 or 14(1), two months;

(b) in relation to an order under section 14(2), seven days;

the said period to begin in either case with the date on which the order was made.

(3) Where a person is admitted within the relevant period to the hospital specified by the Secretary of State, the order under section 6 or, as the case may be, section 14 shall be sufficient authority for the managers to detain him in accordance with the provisions of the Mental Health Act 1959 referred to in the following paragraphs, as those provisions apply by virtue of those paragraphs.

2. A person who is admitted to hospital in pursuance of an order under section 6 or 14(1) of this Act shall be treated for the purposes of the Mental Health Act 1959 as if he had been so admitted in pursuance of a hospital order made (on the date of the order made under section 6 or 14(1)) under section 60 of that Act together with an order restricting discharge made under section 65 of that Act without limitation of time.

3. A person who is admitted to a hospital in pursuance of an order under section 14(2) of this Act shall be treated for the purposes of Part IV of the Mental Health Act 1959 as if he had been admitted (on the date of the order made under section 14(2)) in pursuance of an application for admission for observation duly made under the said Part IV.

SCHEDULE 2

Procedural and Other Provisions Applicable on Order for Retrial

Depositions

1. On a retrial, section 13(3) of the Criminal Justice Act 1925 (reading of depositions) shall not apply to the depositions of any person who gave evidence at the original trial or to any written statement by such a person tendered under section 2 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 in the committal proceedings before the original

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

391

trial; but a transcript of the record of the evidence given by any Sch. 2

witness at the original trial may, with the leave of the judge, be read as evidence—

(a) by agreement between the prosecution and the defence; or

(b) if the judge is satisfied that the witness is dead or unfit to give evidence or to attend for that purpose, or that all reasonable efforts to find him or to secure his attendance have been made without success,

and in either case may be so read without further proof, if verified in accordance with rules of court

Sentence on conviction at retrial

2. —(1) Where a person ordered to be retried is again convicted on retrial, the court before which he is convicted may pass in respect of the offence any sentence authorised by law, not being a sentence of greater severity than that passed on the original conviction.

(2) Without prejudice to its power to impose any other sentence, the court before which an offender is convicted on retrial may pass in respect of the offence any sentence passed in respect of that offence on the original conviction notwithstanding that, on the date of the conviction on retrial, the offender has ceased to be of an age at which such a sentence could otherwise be passed.

(3) Where the person convicted on retrial is sentenced to imprisonment or other detention, the sentence shall begin to run from the time when a like sentence passed at the original trial would have begun to run; but in computing the term of his sentence or the period for which he may be detained thereunder, as the case may be, there shall be disregarded—

(a) any time before his conviction on retrial which would have been disregarded in computing that term or period if the sentence had been passed at the original trial and the original conviction had not been quashed; and (b) any time during which he was at large after being admitted to bail under section 8(2) of this Act

(4) Section 17(2) of the Criminal Justice Administration Act 1962 1962 c. 15. (deduction from certain sentences of time spent in custody before sentence) shall apply to any sentence imposed on conviction on retrial

as if it had been imposed on the original conviction.

Costs where retrial results in acquittal

3. If the person ordered to be retried is acquitted on retrial, the costs of the defence which may be ordered to be paid out of local

funds under section 1 of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952 shall 1952 c. 48. include—

(a) any costs which could have been ordered <to be so paid under that section by the court by which he was originally tried if he had been acquitted at the original trial; and

(b) if no order was made under section 24 or 39(2) of this Act in respect of his expenses on appeal, any sums for the payment of which such an order could have been made.

392

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Section 16.

1959 c. 72.

Section 48.

SCHEDULE 3

Application of Provisions in Part V of Mental Health Act 1959 where Order made under Section 16(3) of this Act

Order for custody pending trial

1. Where an order is made by the Court of Appeal under section 16(3) of this Act for a person to be kept in custody pending trial, the following sections of the Mental Health Act 1959, that is to say—

section 73 (transfer of persons in custody to hospital for treatment);

section 74 (special restrictions on discharge); and

section 76 (cases in which a direction for a person’s transfer to hospital may lapse),

shall apply to him as they apply to the persons listed in paragraphs (a) to (c) of section 73(2) of the said Act of 1959.

Order for continued detention under Act of 1959

2. Where an order is made by the Court of Appeal under section 16(3) of this Act for a person’s continued detention under the Mental Health Act 1959, Part V of that Act (admission to hospital of patients concerned in criminal proceedings and transfer of patients in custody) shall apply to him as if he had been ordered under the said section 16(3) to be kept in custody pending trial and were detained in pursuance of a transfer direction together with a direction restricting discharge.

SCHEDULE 4 Procedural and other Modifications for Capital Cases

Appeal to Court of Appeal

1. In the case of a conviction involving sentence of death the power of the criminal division of the Court of Appeal under section 18(3) of this Act to extend the time for giving notice of appeal, or notice of application for leave to appeal, shall not be exercisable.

2. In the case of a conviction involving sentence of death—

(a) the sentence shall not in any case be executed until after the expiration of the time within which notice of appeal or of application for leave to appeal under Part I of this Act may be given; and

(b) if notice is so given, the appeal or application shall be heard and determined with as much expedition as is practicable, and the sentence shall not be executed until after the determination of the appeal or, in cases where an application for leave to appeal is finally refused, of the application.

Appeal to House of Lords

3. In a case involving sentence of death, the power of the criminal division of the Court of Appeal or the House of Lords under section 34(2) of this Act to extend the time within which an application by the

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

defendant may be made to that division or the House for leave to appeal under Part 11 of this Act shall not be exercisable.

4.—(1) Any application for leave to appeal under Part II of this Act in a case involving sentence of death, and any appeal for which leave is granted on such an application, shall be heard and determined with as much expedition as practicable.

(2) Where an appeal to the criminal division of the Court of Appeal is dismissed in a case involving sentence of death, the sentence shall not in any case be executed until after the expiration of the time within which an application for leave to appeal to the House of Lords may be made; and if such an application is duly made the sentence shall not be executed while that application, and any appeal for which leave is granted thereon, is pending.

(3) Section 34(3) of this Act applies for the construction of this paragraph.

SCHEDULE 5 Amendment of Enactments Part I

Miscellaneous Consequential Amendments The Prosecution of Offences Act 1879 (c. 22)

Section 2

For the words " under section 1 of the Administration of Justice Act 1960" there shall be substituted the words "under Part II of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 "; and after the section there shall be added the following section:—

"Duty to 2a.—(1) Without prejudice to the foregoing section, it

so directed611 duty of the Director of Public Prosecutions on crintinai to appear for the Crown or the prosecutor, when directed appeals. by the court to do so, on any appeal under section 1 of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 (appeal from High Court in criminal cases) or Part I or Part II of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 (appeals from assizes and quarter sessions to criminal division of the Court of Appeal and thence to House of Lords).

(2) In subsection (1) of this section " the court " means, in the case of an appeal to or from the criminal division of the Court of Appeal, that division and, in the case of an appeal from a divisional court of the Queen’s Bench Division, the divisional court ".

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation)

Act 1925 (c. 49)

Section 31(1)

For paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (a) except as provided by this Act, the Administration of Justice Act 1960 or the Criminal Appeal Act 1968, from any judgment of the High Court in any criminal cause or matter ".

N*

393

SCH. 4

Section 52.

394

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Sch. 5

19<S7 c. 80.

The Sentence of Death (Expectant Mothers) Act 1931 (c. 24)

Section 2(4)

For the words " under the Criminal Appeal Act 1907 to the Court of Criminal Appeal’* there shall be substituted the words "under Part I of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 to the criminal division of the Court of Appeal

The Children and Young Persons Act 1933 (c. 12)

Section 55(5)

In paragraph (b), for the words " to the Court of Criminal Appeal in accordance with the Criminal Appeal Act 1907 " there shall be substituted the words " to the criminal division of the Court of Appeal in accordance with Part I of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Thb Costs in Criminal Casbs Act 1952 (c. 48)

Section 7

After the word "Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Section 8

In subsection (1) (as amended by paragraph 22 of Schedule 4 to the Criminal Justice Act 1967), for the words " under section 3(2) of this Act " there shall be substituted the words " under section 24 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Section 10

For subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following sub* section:—

" (2) Where the criminal division of the Court of Appeal order the payment of costs by the appellant under section 25 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968, or that division or the House of Lords order the payment of costs by the defendant under section 40 of that Act, the payment shall be enforceable in the same manner as an order for payment of costs made by the High Court in a civil case."

In subsection (5), after the word "Act " there shall be inserted the words" or the Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Section 11(1)

After the word "Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Section 12

For this section there shall be substituted the following:— "Regulations. 12.—(1) The Secretary of State may by statutory instrument make regulations generally for carrying this Act and the associated provisions of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 into effect and in particular may by regulations so made prescribe—

(a) rates or scales of payment of any costs payable out of local funds under this Act or the said associated provisions and the conditions under which such costs may be allowed;

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

395

(i b) the manner In which an officer of the court making a payment to any person in respect of his attendance to give evidence is to be repaid out of local funds;

(c) the form of orders, certificates and notices under the Act or the said associated provisions, and the giving of information when certificates are sent under this Act by the officer of any magistrates* court;

and any provision of this Act or the said Act of 1968 enabling any sum to be paid out of local funds shall have effect subject to the regulations.

(2) In subsection (1) of this section ‘the associated provisions of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 * means the following provisions of that Act, namely, sections 24 to 28 and 39 to 41

Section 17(2)

After the words " the Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Criminal Appeal Act 1968

The Prison Act 1952 (c. 52)

Section 22(1)

For the words "the Criminal Appeal Act 1907" there shall be substituted the words " Part I of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Section 47(4)

In paragraph (c), for the words " the Criminal Appeal Act 1907 " there shall be substituted the words " Part I of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968".

The Geneva Conventions Act 1957 (c. 52)

Section 4

For subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following subsections: —

" (1) Where a protected prisoner of war or protected internee has been sentenced to death or to imprisonment for a term of two years or more, the time within which he must give notice of appeal or notice of his application for leave to appeal to the criminal division of the Court of Appeal, the High Court of Justiciary or the Court of Criminal Appeal in Northern Ireland, as the case may be, shall, notwithstanding anything in the enactment relating to such appeals, be the period from the date of his conviction or, in the case of an appeal against sentence, of his sentence to the expiration of twenty-eight days after the date on which he received a notice given—

(a) in the case of a protected prisoner of war, by an officer of Her Majesty’s forces;

N* 2

Sol 5

396

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Sch. 5

1968 c. 21.

1968 c. 20.

(<b) in the case of a protected internee, by or on behalf of the governor of the prison in which he is confined,

that the protecting power has been notified of his conviction and sentence; and, in a case to which the foregoing provisions of this subsection apply, a reference to the period aforesaid shall be substituted for the reference in section 30(1 Xa) of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 and section 31(1 X^) of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968 (revesting and restitution of property) to the period of twenty-eight days from the date of conviction.

(1A) In the case of an appeal to the House of Lords under any of the Acts specified in the left-hand column of the following Table by a protected prisoner of war or protected internee, the period specified in the provision of that Act specified in relation thereto in the right-hand column (the provisions there listed being those which lay down the time for applying for leave to appeal) shall be extended until fourteen days after the date on which the applicant receives notice, given as mentioned in subsection (l)(a) or (b) of this section, that the protecting power has been notified of the decision of the court from which the appeal lies, or of the refusal of that court of the application for leave to appeal, as the case may be.

Table

The Administration of Justice Act 1960 Section 2(1)

TheJCriminal Appeal Act 1968 Section 34(1)

The Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968 Section 37(1) The Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968 Section 40(1) "

The Mental Health Act 1959 (c. 72)

Section 73(2)

In paragraph (a), for the words " under section 1 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1964" there shall be substituted the words "under section 7 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968

The Administration of Justice Act 1960 (c. 65)

Section 13(6)

For the words " the Criminal Appeal Act 1907, or to a decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal under that Act; and for the purposes of that Act" there shall be substituted the words "Part I of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968, or to a decision of the criminal division of the Court of Appeal under that Part of that Act; and for the purposes of the said Part I".

The Criminal Justice Administration Act 1962 (c. 15) Section 18(1)

For the words " section 2(1) of the Criminal Appeal Act 1964 " there shall be substituted the words "section 8(1) of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 "

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Ch. 19

397

The Criminal Procedure (Insanity) Act 1964 (c. 84) Sch. 5

For Schedule 1 to the Act there shall be substituted the following Schedule: —

"Schedule 1 Effect of Orders for Admission to Hospital

1. —-(l) An order for admission to hospital under section 5(1) of this Act shall be sufficient authority for any person acting under the authority of the Secretary of State to take the person to whom the order relates and convey him at any time within the period of two months (beginning with the date on which the order was made) to the hospital specified by the Secretary of State.

(2) The court by which any such order as aforesaid is made may give such directions as it thinks fit for the conveyance of a person to whom the order relates to a place of safety and his detention therein pending his admission to the hospital within the said period of two months.

(3) Where a person is admitted within the said period to the hospital specified by the Secretary of State, an order under section 5(1) of this Act shall be sufficient authority for the managers to detain him in the hospital in accordance with sections 60 and 65 of the Mental Health Act 1959 as applied by 1959 c. 72. the next following paragraph.

2. —(1) A person who is admitted to a hospital in pursuance of an order under section 5(1) of this Act shall be treated for the purposes of the Mental Health Act 1959 as if he had been so admitted in pursuance of a hospital order made (on the date of the order under section 5(1) of this Act) under section 60 of that Act, together with an order restricting discharge made under section 65 of that Act without limitation of time.

(2) For the purposes of section 5(4) of this Act, a person shall not be treated as detained in pursuance of an order at any time after the Secretary of State has directed (under section 66 of the said Act of 1959) that the said person shall cease to be subject to the special restrictions set out in section 65 of that Act

(3) In the application of section 63(5) of the Mental Health Act 1959 to orders under section 5(1) of this Act, the proviso to section 63(5) shall have effect as if the reference to a conviction included a reference to a special verdict and to a finding that the accused was under disability."

The Criminal Appeal Act 1966 (c. 31)

Section 1(2)

For paragraph (b), there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (b) the criminal division which shall, subject to any such rules, exercise—

(i) all jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal under Parts I and II of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968; and

N* 3

398

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Sch. 5

Section S3.

1889 c. 63.

(ii) all other jurisdiction which was that of the Court of Criminal Appeal immediately before it ceased to exist (including the jurisdiction to order the issue of writs of venire de novo)."

Part n

Amendments (Prospective) of Homicidb Act 1957, Schedulb 1

Paragraph 2(3)

For the words "the Criminal Appeal Act 1907" there shall be substituted the words " Part I of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 ",

Paragraph 5

For the words "section 18 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1907" there shall be substituted the words "section 46 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 ".

SCHEDULE 6 Transitional Provisions

1. —(1) Any right of appeal subsisting immediately before the commencement of this Act by virtue of an enactment repealed thereby shall after that commencement be treated as subsisting by virtue of the corresponding enactment in this Act

(2) Any appeal or application pending before the said commencement under an enactment so repealed may be prosecuted and disposed of in accordance with the provisions of this Act corresponding to those in force immediately before the said commencement and applicable to the appeal or application.

2. —(1) In so far as any order made, direction given or other thing done under an enactment repealed by this Act could have been made, given or done under a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal of that enactment but shall have effect as if made, given or done under that corresponding provision.

(2) Any document referring to an enactment repealed by this Act shall, so far as may be necessary for preserving its effect, be construed as referring, or as including a reference, to the corresponding enactment in this Act.

3. —(1) The mention of particular matters in this Schedule shall not be taken to affect the general application of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 with regard to the effect of repeals.

(2) References in this Schedule to enactments repealed by this Act shall be construed as including references to enactments which are reproduced in this Act in relation to matters for which provision is made by this Act while remaining unrepealed in relation to matters for which provision is made by another Act; and section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 shall apply with respect to any such enactment as if it had been repealed by this Act in relation to matters for which provision is made by this Act

Criminal Appeal Act

CH.lt

399

SCHEDULE 7

Repeals

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

7 Edw. 7. c. 23. The Criminal Appeal Act 1907. The whole Act

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58. The Criminal Justice Act 1948. Section 38(1).

15 & 16 Geo. 6. The Costs in Criminal Section 3.

& 1 Eliz. 2. c. 48. Cases Act 1952. In section 4(1), the words * or in the prosecution of his appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal ". In section 17(5), the words "subsection (2) of section three".

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Administration of In section 1, subsection (1)(6).

c. 65. Justice Act 1960. Section 2(2). Section 3(2). Section 4(1). Sections 7 and 8. Section 9(4). Schedule 3, so far as it amends the Criminal Appeal Act 1907, the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 and section 10 of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952.

1964 c. 43. The Criminal Appeal Act 1964. Sections 1 to 3 and 6(2). Schedule 2, so far as it amends the Criminal Appeal Act 1907 and the Criminal Justice Administration Act 1962.

1964 c. 84. The Criminal Procedure (Insanity) Act 1964. Sections 2 and 3. In section 4, subsection (6) and in subsection (7) the words from the beginning to "restricting discharge; and". In section 5, subsection (1)(6) and (d) and subsections (2) and (5).

1966 c. 31. The Criminal Appeal Act 1966. In section 1, subsections (1) and (8). Sections 4 to 8. In section 12, the definitions in subsection (1) of " the 1907 Act" and "the 1952 Act", and subsection (3). In Schedule 2, paragraphs 1 to 3 and 6 to 8.

1967 c. 80. The Criminal Justice Act 1967. Section 32(5). Section 97. Section 98(1) to (5) and (7). In section 106(2X/), the words " the Geneva Conventions Act 1957", and in section 106(3)(e), the words " the Geneva Conventions Act 1957 and". N* 4

Section S4.

400

Ch. 19

Criminal Appeal Act 1968

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1967 c. 80 —cont. The Criminal Justice Act 1967—cont. I In Schedule 4, paragraphs 1 to 8, 20, 23, 24(a), 28, and 33 to 40. In Schedule 6, paragraphs 4, 22 and 27.

Ch. 20

401

Courts-Martial (Appeals)

Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 20

An Act to consolidate the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 and the enactments amending it, including so much of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 as provides an appeal from the Courts-Martial Appeal Court to the House of Lords.

[8th May, 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

The Courts-Martial Appeal Court

1.—(1) The Courts-Martial Appeal Court established by the The Court Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 for the purpose of hearing and its appeals from naval, army and air force courts-martial, shafiJurisd,ct,on* continue in existence and is in this Act referred to either as1951 c-46. " the Appeal Court " or as " the Court

(2) The Appeal Court shall be a superior court of record and shall, for the purposes of this Act and subject to its provisions, have full power to determine, in accordance with this Act, any question necessary to be determined for the purpose of doing justice in any case before the Court.

(3) The powers of the Appeal Court shall be exercisable by them so far as they think it necessary or expedient in the interests of justice that they should be exercised, and the Court may issue any warrants necessary for enforcing their orders or sentences.

(4) Except as provided by Part III of this Act, no appeal shall lie from any decision of the Appeal Court.

402

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Part I

Judges.

Other senior judges who may exercise powers of Appeal Court.

Sittings.

2. —(1) The following shall be judges of the Appeal Court: —

(a) the ex officio and ordinary judges of the Court of

Appeal and such of the judges of the Queen’s Bench Division of the High Court as the Lord Chief Justice may, after consultation with the Master of the Rolls, from time to time nominate for the purpose;

(b) such of the Lords Commissioners of Justiciary as the

Lord Justice General may from time to time nominate for the purpose; and

(c) such of the judges of Her Majesty’s Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland as the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland may from time to time nominate for the purpose.

(2) The Lord Chancellor may appoint other persons, being persons of legal experience, to be judges of the Appeal Court and—

(a) the appointment of a person under this subsection shall

be for such term as may be determined by the Lord Chancellor, with the approval of the Treasury, before his appointment and shall be subject to such conditions as may be so determined; and

(b) a person so appointed who ceases to hold office as a

judge of the Appeal Court shall be eligible for reappointment.

(3) There may be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to the persons appointed under subsection (2) of this section to be judges of the Appeal Court such remuneration, and to all the judges of the Court such travelling and subsistence allowances, as the Lord Chancellor may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

3. Any power under this Act which is exercisable by a judge of the Appeal Court may also be exercised—

(a) by any judge of the Queen’s Bench Division of the

High Court;

(b) by any Lord Commissioner of Justiciary;

(c) by any judge of Her Majesty’s Supreme Court of Judi-

cature of Northern Ireland,

notwithstanding that he is not for the time being a judge of the Appeal Court; and references in this Act to a judge of the Court shall be construed accordingly.

4. —(1) For the purpose of hearing and determining appeals under this Act, or any matter preliminary or incidental to an appeal, the Appeal Court shall be summoned in accordance with directions given by the Lord Chief Justice with the consent of the Lord Chancellor.

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

403

(2) If the Lord Chief Justice so directs, the Appeal Court may Part I sit in two or more divisions.

(3) The Appeal Court shall sit at such place as the Lord Chief Justice shall direct, whether within or outside the United Kingdom.

5.—(l) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Appeal Constitution Court shall be duly constituted if it consists of an uneven number of Coup for of judges, not being less than three. Strings.*1

(2) At least one of the judges of which the Appeal Court consists at any sitting must be a judge of the Court by virtue of section 2(1) of this Act, except that where the Court is directed to sit at a place outside the United Kingdom the Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks it expedient to do so, direct that this provision shall not apply to the Court while sitting at that place.

(3) The determination of any question before the Appeal Court shall be according to the opinion of the majority of the judges of the Court hearing the case.

6. The Master of the Rolls may exercise the powers conferred Power of on the Lord Chief Justice by sections 2 and 4 above if at any Master of time the Lord Chief Justice is unable to exercise them himself tkj to, or there is a vacancy in the office of Lord Chief Justice. Chief Justice

7.—(1) There shall be a registrar of the Appeal Court (in Court staff, this Act referred to as " the registrar ") to be appointed by the salaries Lord Chancellor, and the Lord Chancellor may appoint such and P^i0113-other officers and servants of the Court as he may, with the approval of the Treasury as to numbers, determine.

(2) The remuneration of the officers and servants of the Appeal Court shall be such as the Lord Chancellor may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine, and the Superannuation Acts 1965 and 1967 shall have effect as if service as an officer or servant of the Appeal Court were service in an established capacity in the permanent civil service of the State in an appointment held directly from the Crown.

(3) The remuneration of the officers and servants of the Appeal Court and such other expenses of the Court as the Treasury may sanction shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

404

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Right of appeal.

Application for leave to appeal.

Part II

Appeals from Courts-Martial Right of appeal and initiating procedure

8. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person convicted by court-martial may, with the leave of the Appeal Court, appeal to the Court against his conviction.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, the person’s right of appeal shall not be exercisable—

(a) unless, within such period as may be prescribed, he

presents to the Defence Council a petition praying that his conviction be quashed; and

(b) until either the prescribed period (beginning with the

day on which the petition is presented) expires or he is notified by the Defence Council that the petition has not been granted, whichever event first occurs.

(3) If a person presents a petition for the purposes of subsection (2) (a) above, but fails to do so within the period prescribed for those purposes and subsequently applies for leave to appeal, the Appeal Court may direct that he be treated as not having thereby lost his right of appeal if they think that there is a reasonable explanation of the failure and that it is in the interests of justice that he should be so treated.

(4) Rules of court may provide that, in such circumstances as may be specified in the rules, a petition for the purposes of subsection (1) above which is presented to such person as may be specified in the rules shall be treated, for the purposes of that subsection, as having been presented to the Defence Council.

9. —(1) Leave to appeal to the Appeal Court shall not be given except on an application in that behalf made by or on behalf of the appellant and lodged, within the prescribed period, with the registrar.

(2) The application must be in the prescribed form and specify the grounds on which leave to appeal is sought and such other particulars, if any, as may be prescribed.

(3) The Appeal Court may extend the period within which an application for leave to appeal must be lodged, whether the period has expired or not.

(4) Rules of court may provide that, in such circumstances as may be specified in the rules, an application which is lodged with a person (other than the registrar) specified in the rules shall be treated for purposes of subsection (1) above as having been lodged with the registrar; and it shall be the duty of the specified

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

405

person, if an application is lodged with him in accordance with the rules, to act as follows:—

(a) he shall forward the application to the registrar with as

much expedition as practicable; and

(b) if it appears to him practicable to do so, and in all the circumstances expedient, he shall forthwith furnish the registrar (before the receipt by the latter of the application) with such particulars of the application as will enable the registrar to prepare a copy of it.

10.—(1) The following provisions apply where a person who has been convicted by a court-martial held outside the United Kingdom duly petitions the Defence Council in accordance with section 8 of this Act

(2) If, before the expiration of the time for appealing, the Defence Council receive from the person convicted an application for leave to appeal to the Appeal Court accompanied by a request that the Council will forward the application to the registrar in the event of its being decided not to grant the petition, it shall be the duty of the Council to comply with that request.

(3) The convicted person’s right of appeal under section 8 of this Act becomes exercisable (if it has not already done so) on the happening of the event referred to in subsection (2) above, that is to say its being decided not to grant the petition.

(4) In this section " the time for appealing " means the period prescribed for the purpose of section 9(1) of this Act as the period within which an application for leave to appeal must be lodged.

11.—(1) In considering whether or not to give leave to appeal the Appeal Court shall have regard to any expression of opinion made by the Judge Advocate of Her Majesty’s Fleet or the Judge Advocate General that the case is a fit one for appeal, and if aiy such expression is so made they may, without more, give leave to appeal.

(2) Where the Appeal Court dismiss an application for leave to appeal they may, if they consider the application to have been frivolous or vexatious, order that any sentence passed upon the applicant in the proceedings from which it was sought to bring the appeal shall begin to run from the day on which the Appeal Court dismiss the application.

Part II

Alternative procedure for appeal from court-martial abroad.

Consideration of application by Appeal Court.

406

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Part II

Power to quash conviction as wrong in law, etc.

Adjustment of sentence in case of conviction on two or more charges.

Substitution of conviction on different charge.

Disposal of appeal

12. —(1) The Appeal Court shall allow an appeal against conviction by court-martial if they think—

(a) that the finding of the court-martial under all the

circumstances of the case is unsafe or unsatisfactory; or

(b) that the finding involves a wrong decision of a question of law; or

(c) that there was a material irregularity in the course of

the trial,

and in any other case shall dismiss the appeal:

Provided that the Court may, notwithstanding that they are of the opinion that the point raised in the appeal might be decided in favour of the appellant, dismiss the appeal if they consider that no miscarriage of justice has actually occurred.

(2) If the Appeal Court allow an appeal against conviction, they shall quash the conviction.

13. Where—

(a) it appears to the Appeal Court that an appellant, though

not properly convicted on some charge preferred against him before the court-martial by which he was tried, was properly convicted on some other charge so preferred; and

(b) the sentence passed by the court-martial on the appellant

was not warranted by the relevant Service Act for the offence of which he was convicted on the other charge,

the Court shall pass on the appellant, in substitution for the sentence passed on him by the court-martial, such sentence so warranted as they think proper.

14. —(1) This section applies where an appellant has been convicted of an offence and the court-martial by which he was tried could lawfully have found him guilty of some other offence, and it appears to the Appeal Court that the court-martial must have been satisfied of facts which proved him guilty of that other offence.

(2) The Appeal Court may, instead of allowing or dismissing the appeal, substitute for the finding of the court-martial a finding of guilty of the other offence, and may pass on the appellant, in substitution for the sentence passed on him by the court-martial, such sentence as they think proper, being a sentence warranted by the relevant Service Act for that other offence, but not a sentence of greater severity.

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

407

15. —(1) Where an appellant has been convicted of an offence Part n committed under circumstances involving the higher of two Variation of degrees of punishment, and it appears to the Appeal Court that conviction the court-martial by which he was tried ought to have found him

guilty of the offence as being committed under circumstances different involving the lower degree of punishment, the Court may, sentence, instead of allowing or dismissing the appeal, substitute for the finding of the court-martial a finding of guilty of the offence as being committed under circumstances involving the lower degree of punishment

(2) Where an appellant has been convicted of an offence and it appears to die Appeal Court that the court-martial by which he was tried ought to have found him guilty of the offence subject to exceptions or variations, the Court may, instead of allowing or dismissing the appeal, substitute for the finding of the court-martial a finding of guilty of the offence subject to exceptions or variations.

(3) Where the Appeal Court exercise the power conferred by subsection (1) or subsection (2) above, they may pass on the appellant, in substitution for the sentence passed on him by the court-martial, such sentence as they think proper, being a sentence warranted by the relevant Service Act for the offence specified or involved in the substituted finding, but not a sentence of greater severity.

16. —(1) This section applies in a case where, on an appeal. Substitution

the Appeal Court are of opinion— ?f finding of

(a) that the proper finding would have been a finding of

not guilty by reason of insanity; or to plead.

(b) that die case is not one where there should have been

a finding of not guilty, but that there should have been a finding that the accused was unfit to stand his trial.

(2) The Appeal Court shall order the appellant to be kept in custody under the relevant Service enactment in like manner as on a finding of not guilty by reason of insanity or a finding of unfitness to stand trial by the court-martial by which the appellant was convicted.

(3) In subsection (2) above, the " relevant Service enactment " means—

section 63 of the Naval Discipline Act; section 116 of the Army Act; or section 116 of the Air Force Act,

(being enactments which provide for a person to be kept in custody until the pleasure of Her Majesty is made known), according to whether the appellant was convicted by a naval, army or air force court-martial.

408

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial ( ApAct 1968

Part n

Term of sentence passed under s. 13,14 or 15.

Retrial

generally

excluded.

Power to authorise retrial in certain cases.

17. —(1) The term of any sentence passed by the Appeal Court under section 13, 14 or 15 of this Act shall, unless the Court otherwise direct, begin to run from the time from which it would have begun to run if it had been passed in the proceedings from which the appeal was brought

(2) A sentence passed by the Appeal Court under any of those sections shall—

(a) if passed on an appeal against conviction by a naval

court-martial, be deemed, for purposes of the Naval Discipline Act to be a sentence passed by such a court-martial; and

(b) if passed on an appeal against conviction by an army

or air force court-martial, be deemed for purposes of the Army Act or the Air Force Act as the case may be, to be a sentence passed by an army, or as the case may be, an air force court-martial, being a sentence that has been confirmed.

Retrial

18. Except as provided by this Act, where the conviction of a person by court-martial for an offence has been quashed under this Act, he shall not be liable to be tried again for that offence by a court-martial or by any other court.

19. —(1) The Appeal Court shall have the power, on quashing a conviction, to make an order authorising the appellant to be retried by court-martial, but shall only exercise this power when the appeal against conviction is allowed by reason only of evidence received or available to be received by the Court under sections 28 to 30 of this Act and it appears to the Court that the interests of justice require that an order under this section should be made.

(2) This section has effect notwithstanding the restrictions on retrial imposed by section 134 of the Army Act and section 134 of the Air Force Act.

(3) An appellant shall not be retried under this section for an offence other than—

(a) the offence of which he was convicted by the original

court-martial and in respect of which his appeal is allowed as mentioned in subsection (1) above;

(b) any offence of which he could have been convicted at

the original court-martial on a charge of the first-mentioned offence; or

(c) any offence charged in the alternative in respect of

which the court-martial recorded no finding in consequence of convicting him of the first-mentioned offence.

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

409

(4) A person who is to be retried under this section for an Part n offence shall, if the Appeal Court so directs, be retried on a fresh charge or charges specified in the direction; but whether he is so tried or is retried on One or more of the original charges, no fresh investigation or other steps shall be taken under sections 76 to 79 of the Army Act or sections 76 to 79 of the Air Force Act (investigation and summary disposal of charge by commanding officer) in relation to the charge or charges on which he is to be retried.

20.—(1) The limitations imposed by— section 52 of the Naval Discipline Act;

section 132 of the Army Act; and section 132 of the Air Force Act,

Implementation of authority for retrial, and supplementary

with respect to the time within which a trial under those Acts Appeal Court.

respectively may be begun, shall not apply in the case of a

retrial authorised by an order of the Appeal Court under section

19 of this Act; but a person to whom such an order applies shall

not be retried unless the order convening the court-martial is

issued within the period of three months beginning with the date

of the order under section 19.

(2) The Appeal Court may, where they authorise a retrial, make such orders as appear to them to be necessary or expedient for the retention until the relevant time of property or money which has been restored, delivered or paid in pursuance of an order made on or in consequence of the original conviction or has been placed in safe custody while the operation of any such order is suspended.

(3) Where retrial is authorised in the case of a person who immediately before the date of the authorisation was liable to be detained in pursuance of a direction under United Kingdom mental health legislation, that direction shall continue in force until the relevant time as if his conviction had not been quashed.

(4) The legislation referred to in subsection (3) above is Part V 1959 c. 72.

of the Mental Health Act 1959, Part V of the Mental Health 1960 c. 61. (Scotland) Act 1960 and Part III of the Mental Health Act 1961 c 15 (Northern Ireland) 1961. <N I >

(5) In subsections (2) and (3) above the references to "the relevant time " are references to the expiration of the period of three months mentioned in subsection (1) of this section or, if during that period a court-martial has been convened for the retrial of an appellant, the time when his case is finally disposed of:

Provided that for the purposes of subsection (2) above the relevant time, in a case where the appellant is found guilty on

410 Ch. 20 Courts-Martial ( ) Act 1968

Part II his retrial, is the expiration of the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the date of the finding.

(6) Schedule 1 to this Act contains additional provisions applicable to a retrial authorised by order of the Appeal Court under section 19 of this Act; and of the four Parts of the Schedule, Part I applies to retrial under the Naval Discipline Act; Part II applies to retrial under the Army Act; Part III applies to retrial under the Air Force Act; and Part IV applies to all three cases.

Appeal against finding of not guilty by reason of insanity.

Insanity

21.—(1) A person who has been tried by court-martial for an offence and been found not guilty by reason of insanity may, with the leave of the Appeal Court, appeal to the Court against the finding; and in relation to any such appeal this Part of this Act, except sections 13 to 16, shall apply, subject to this section and section 22 below, as it applies in relation to an appeal by a person convicted against his conviction (with the necessary adaptations of references to a person convicted or to conviction).

(2) Where apart from this subsection—

(a) an appeal against a finding of not guilty by reason of

insanity would fall to be allowed; and

(b) none of the grounds for allowing it relates to the ques-

tion of the insanity of the appellant,

the Appeal Court may dismiss the appeal if they are of opinion that but for the insanity of the appellant the proper finding would have been that he was guilty of an offence other than the offence charged.

Consequences 22.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect where an

where appeal appeal against a finding of not guilty by reason of insanity is

under s. 21 allowed by the Appeal Court, allowed.

(2) If the ground, or one of the grounds, for allowing the appeal is that the finding as to the appellant's insanity ought not to stand and the Appeal Court are of opinion that the proper finding would have been a finding of guilty of an offence (whether the offence charged or any other offence of which the court-martial could have found him guilty), the Court shall substitute for the finding of the court-martial a finding of guilty of that offence.

(3) On substituting a finding of guilty of an offence, the Appeal Court shall have the like powers of sentencing the appellant, and other powers, as the court-martial which tried him

Courts-Martial C Ap) Act 1968

Ch. 20

411

would have had on the like finding of guilty; and section 17 Part n of this Act shall apply as in the case of a sentence passed by the Court under section 13, 14 or 15 of this Act.

(4) In any case where subsection (2) above does not apply, the Appeal Court shall substitute for the finding appealed against a finding of not guilty.

23.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect in the case Power of an appeal by a person who, in pursuance of a finding of to order not guilty by reason of insanity, is detained under— JuJk *on

(a) section 71 of the Mental Health Act 1959; or mental health

(b) section 64 of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960; or

1959 c. 72.

(c) section 57 of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1Q/

1961 iyw c* *

iyoA* 1961 c# i5

(which sections relate to orders for a person to be kept in custody (N.I.). during Her Majesty’s pleasure), where the Appeal Court under section 22 of this Act substitute a finding of not guilty.

(2) If the Appeal Court are of opinion—

(a) that the person is suffering from mental disorder (within

the meaning of the Mental Health Act 1959) of a nature or degree which warrants his detention in a hospital under observation (with or without other medical treatment) for at least a limited period; and

(b) that he ought to be so detained in the interests of his

own health or safety or with a view to the protection of other persons,

they shall make an order for his continued detention under the said Act

(3) An order under subsection (2) above shall be sufficient authority for the person to be detained, and the said Act shall apply as if on the date of the order he had been admitted to hospital in pursuance of an application duly made under that Act (being in England and Wales an application for admission for observation).

Unfitness to stand trial

24.—(1) A person found by a court-martial to be unfit to stand Appeal his trial may, with the leave of the Appeal Court, appeal to the afainJ fading Court against the finding. of unfitness*

(2) In relation to an appeal under this section, this Part of this Act, except sections 13 to 16, shall apply (subject to section 25 below) as it applies in relation to an appeal by a person convicted against his conviction (with the necessary adaptations of references to a person convicted or to conviction).

412

Part n

Disposal of appeal under s. 24.

1959 c. 72.

1960 c. 61.

1961 c. 15 (N.I.).

Presentation, of appellant’s case.

Presence of appellant at hearing.

Evidence.

Ch. 20 Courts-Martial () Act 1968

25. —(1) The following provisions of this section apply with respect to an appeal under section 24 of this Act

(2) Where the question whether the accused was unfit to stand his trial was determined by the court-martial at a time later than on arraignment or, in the case of a naval court-martial, later than on the commencement of the trial, the appeal may be allowed (notwithstanding that the finding was properly come to) if the Appeal Court are of opinion that the case is one in which the court-martial should before that time have come to a finding of not guilty.

(3) If the Appeal Court are of the said opinion, they shall substitute a finding of not guilty (but not a finding of not guilty by reason of insanity) and the appellant shall then not be liable to be tried by a court-martial or by any other court for the offence with which he was charged.

(4) Where the appeal is allowed and the Appeal Court do not substitute a finding of not guilty, the appellant may be tried accordingly for the said offence; and if he is for the time being detained under the Mental Health Act 1959, the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960 or the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961, the Court may make such order as appears to them necessary or expedient pending any such trial for his continued detention under that Act.

General procedural provisions

26. An appellant may, if he so desires, instead of presenting his case orally, present it in writing in the prescribed form.

27. An appellant shall not be entitled to be present at the hearing of an appeal to the Appeal Court or at any proceedings preliminary or incidental to such an appeal, except where the Court give him leave to be so; and accordingly any power of the Court to pass a sentence may be exercised notwithstanding the absence of the appellant.

28. —(1) The Appeal Court may—

(a) order the production of any document, exhibit or other

thing connected with the proceedings the production of which appears to them necessary for the determination of the case;

(b) order any witness who would have been a compellable

witness at the trial to attend for examination and be examined before the Court, whether or not he was called at the trial; and

(c) receive the evidence, if tendered, of any witness.

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

413

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) above, where evidence is tendered to the Appeal Court under that subsection the Court shall, unless they are satisfied that the evidence if received would not afford any ground for allowing the appeal, exercise their power under that subsection of receiving it if—

(a) it appears to them that the evidence is likely to be credible and would have been admissible at the trial on an issue which is the subject of the appeal; and

(b) they are satisfied that it was not adduced at the trial, but that there is a reasonable explanation of the failure to adduce it

(3) Subsection (l)(c) above applies to any witness (including the appellant) who is competent but not compellable, and applies also to the appellant’s husband or wife where the appellant makes an application for that purpose and the evidence of the husband or wife could not have been given at the trial except on such an application.

(4) The Appeal Court may order the examination of any witness whose attendance may be required under subsection (l)(b) of this section to be conducted in the prescribed manner before any judge of the Court or before any other person appointed by the Court for that purpose, and allow the admission of any depositions so taken as evidence before the Court

29. —(1) The Appeal Court may order the taking of such steps as are requisite to obtain from any member of the court-martial by which the appellant was tried, or the person who officiated as judge advocate at the trial, a report giving his opinion on the case or on any point arising in it or containing a statement as to any facts of which the ascertainment appears to the Court to be material for the purpose of determining die case.

(2) The Court shall not make an order under this section for the purpose of obtaining a report from a member of a court-martial other than the president of it unless they also make such order for the purpose of obtaining a report from the president or are satisfied that the obtaining of a report from him is impracticable or would involve undue delay.

30. —(1) Where any question arising on an appeal involves prolonged examination of documents or accounts, or any scientific or local investigation, which cannot in the opinion of the Appeal Court conveniendy be conducted before them, the Court may order the reference of the question in the prescribed manner for inquiry and report to a special commissioner

Part II

Power to call for report by member of trial court.

Other powers for facilitating disposal of appeal.

414

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Part II

Costs of

successful

appeal.

Costs against appellant.

appointed by them, and act upon the report of the commissioner so far as they think fit to adopt it

(2) The Appeal Court may appoint a person with special expert knowledge to act as assessor to the Court in any case where it appears to them that such knowledge is required for the proper determination of the case.

(3) There may be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to a special commissioner to whom a question is referred under this section for inquiry and report, and to a person appointed as assessor to the Appeal Court, such remuneration and such travelling and subsistence allowances as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Lord Chancellor.

(4) The power of the Lord Chancellor under subsection (3) above to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Costs

31.—(1) Where the Appeal Court allow an appeal they may if they think fit, direct the payment by the Secretary of State of costs to the appellant.

(2) The costs which may under this section be directed to be paid are such sums as appear to the Appeal Court reasonably sufficient to compensate die appellant for any expenses properly incurred by him in the case that is to say—

(a) in the prosecution of his appeal (including any proceed-

ings preliminary or incidental thereto); or

(b) in carrying on his defence before the court-martial

from which the appeal lies, or before any other court-martial before which were begun, but not concluded, proceedings for the offence with which he was charged before the first-mentioned court-martial.

32.—(1) Where the Appeal Court dismiss an appeal or an application for leave to appeal they may, if they think fit, order the appellant or applicant (as the case may be) to pay to the Secretary of State the whole or any part of the costs of the appeal or application, including the costs of copying or transcribing any documents for the use of the Appeal Court.

(2) An order under this section may be enforced—

(a) in the same manner as an order for the payment of costs made by the High Court in civil proceedings; or

- :

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

415

(b) by making deductions from pay due to the appellant or Part n applicant, as the case may be, or partly in the one way and partly in the other.

(3) Any sums which by virtue of subsection (2 above are recovered from a person by the Secretary of State shall be paid into the Exchequer.

33.—(1) The Appeal Court may, whether or not they exer-Witnesses’ rise their powers under either of the two foregoing sections, expenses, order the payment out of moneys provided by Parliament of such sums as appear to the Court reasonably sufficient to compensate any person properly attending to give evidence on an appeal under this Part of this Act or any proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto (whether or not he gives evidence) for the expense, trouble or loss of time properly incurred in or incidental to his attendance.

(2) The amount of any costs ordered to be paid under this section shall be ascertained as soon as practicable by the registrar.

Special references to Appeal Court

34.—(1) If, in the case of the conviction of a person by court- Reference of martial,— cases by

Service

(a) it appears to the Judge Advocate of Her Majesty’s authorities.

Fleet or the Judge Advocate General that the finding of the court-martial involves a point of law of exceptional importance which in his opinion should be determined by the Appeal Court; or

(b) it appears to the Secretary of State, upon consideration

of matters appearing to him not to have been brought to the notice of the court-martial at the trial, to be expedient that the finding of the court-martial should be considered or reconsidered by the Appeal Court,

the Judge Advocate of Her Majesty’s Fleet, the Judge Advocate General or the Secretary of State, as the case may be, may refer the finding to the Court.

(2) A reference to the Appeal Court under this section shall, for all purposes other than those of sections 31 and 32 of this Act, be treated as an appeal by the person convicted against his conviction.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in the case of a finding by a court-martial of not guilty by reason of insanity as they apply in the case of the conviction of a person by court-martial.

416

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Part n

Order for costs of defence on reference under s. 34.

Powers under Part II which are exercisable by tingle judge.

Documents relating to trial to be furnished for appeal.

35. —(1) Where on a reference under section 34 of this Act the person who was tried by court-martial appears before the Appeal Court, the Court shall direct the payment by the Secretary of State of such sums as appear to them reasonably sufficient to compensate that person for any expenses properly incurred by him for the purposes of his appearance.

(2) In any such case the Appeal Court may, if they think fit, also direct the payment by the Secretary of State of such sums as appear to them reasonably sufficient to compensate the person who was tried by court-martial for any expenses properly incurred by him in carrying on his defence before the court-martial or before any other court-martial before which were begun, but not concluded, proceedings for the offence with which he was charged before the court-martial by which he was tried.

Supplementary

36. —(1) The following powers of the Appeal Court under this Part of this Act, that is to say the power—

(a) to give a direction under section 8(3) that a person be

treated as not having lost his right of appeal;

(b) to give leave to appeal;

(c) to extend the period within which an application for

leave to appeal must be lodged; id) to make orders under section 20(2) and discharge or revoke such orders;

(e) to allow an appellant to be present at any proceedings; if) to order witnesses to attend for examination; and

(g) to make an order under section 32 for the payment of costs,

may be exercised by any judge of the Appeal Court in the same manner as they may be exercised by the Court, and subject to the same provisions.

(2) If the judge refuses an application on the part of an appellant to exercise in his favour any of the powers mentioned in subsection (1) above (other than the power to make an order for the payment of costs), the appellant, upon making a requisition in that behalf within the prescribed period and in the prescribed form and manner, shall be entitled to have the application determined by the Appeal Court as duly constituted for the hearing and determination of appeals.

37. —(I) In the case of every appeal or application for leave to appeal to the Appeal Court from a naval court-martial it shall be the duty of the Defence Council to furnish to the registrar, in accordance with rules of court, the proceedings of the court-martial and any petition presented by the person tried thereby.

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

417

(2) In the case of every appeal or application for leave to Part II appeal from an army or air force court-martial, it shall be the duty of the Judge Advocate General to furnish to the registrar, in accordance with rules of court, the proceedings of the court-martial (including any proceedings with respect to the revision of the finding of the court-martial in pursuance of section 109 of the Army Act or section 109 of (the Air Force Act, as the case may be), the proceedings with respect to the confirmation of the finding and sentence of the court-martial and any petition presented by the person tried thereby.

38. It shall be the duty of the Defence Council to undertake Defence of the defence of any appeal to the Appeal Court under this Part appeals, of this Act.

Part III

Appeal from Courts-Martial Appeal Court to Housb of Lords

39.—(1) An appeal lies to the House of Lords, at the instance Right of of the accused or the Defence Council, from any decision of the appeal-Appeal Court on an appeal to them under Part II of this Act, whether given by them when sitting within or outside the United Kingdom.

(2) The appeal lies only with the leave of the Appeal Court or the House of Lords; and such leave shall not be granted unless it is certified by the Appeal Court that a point of law of general public importance is involved in the decision and it appears to the Court or the House of Lords, as the case may be, that the point is one which ought to be considered by that House.

40.—(1) An application to the Appeal Court for leave to Application appeal to the House of Lords shall be made within the period for leave of fourteen days beginning with the date of the decision of the to appea * Court; and an application to the House of Lords for leave shall be made within the period of fourteen days beginning with the date on which the application is refused by the Appeal Court

(2) The House of Lords or the Appeal Court may, upon application made at any time by the accused, extend the time within which an application may be made by him to that House or the Court under subsection (1) above.

(3) An appeal shall be treated as pending until any application for leave to appeal is disposed of and, if leave to appeal is granted, until the appeal is disposed of; and for purposes

o

418

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Part HI

Hearing and disposal of appeal.

1876 c. 59.

Bail.

Detention of accused.

of this Part of this Act an application for leave to appeal shall be treated as disposed of at the expiration of the time within which it may be made, if it is not made within that time.

41. —(1) An appeal under this Part of this Act shall not be heard and determined by the House of Lords unless there are present not less than three of the persons designated Lords of Appeal by section 5 of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876.

(2) Any order of the House of Lords which provides for the hearing of applications for leave to appeal by a committee constituted in accordance with section 5 of the said Act of 1876 may direct that the decision of that committee shall be taken on behalf of the House.

(3) For the purpose of disposing of an appeal under this Part of this Act, the House of Lords may exercise any powers of the Appeal Court or may remit the case to the Court.

42. —(1) When a person to whom this section applies appeals, or applies for leave to appeal, to the House of Lords from a decision of the Appeal Court, the Court shall have power to grant him bail pending the appeal.

(2) This section applies to any person who—

(a) not being subject to the Naval Discipline Act, nor to

military law nor to air force law, is liable by virtue of that Act, or the Army Act or the Air Force Act to be tried as if he were so subject; or

(b) is subject to the Naval Discipline Act by virtue only of section 119(1) of it (sentenced offenders).

43. —(1) Where the accused would, but for the decision of the Appeal Court, be liable to be detained, and immediately after that decision the Defence Council are granted, or give notice that they intend to apply for, leave to appeal, the Appeal Court may make an order providing for the detention of the accused or directing that he shall not be released except on bail (which may, in the case of a person to whom section 42 of this Act applies, be granted as under that section) so long as any appeal to the House of Lords is pending.

(2) An order under this section shall (unless the appeal has been previously disposed of) cease to have effect at the expiration of the period for which the accused would have been liable to be detained but for the decision of the Appeal Court.

(3) An order made under this section for the detention of a person who, but for the decision of the Appeal Court, would be liable to be detained in pursuance of an order or direction

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

419

under United Kingdom mental health legislation shall be an partiiI order authorising his continued detention in pursuance of that order or direction; and the relevant provisions of that legislation with respect to persons liable to be detained thereunder (including provisions as to the renewal of authority for detention and the removal or discharge of patients) shall apply accordingly.

(4) The legislation referred to in subsection (3) above is Part 1959 3.72.

V of the Mental Health Act 1959, the Mental Health (Scotland) i960 c. 61.

Act 1960 and the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961. c-15

(N.I.).

(5) Where the Appeal Court has power to make an order under this section, and either no such order is made or the accused is released or discharged by virtue of subsection (2) or (3) above before the appeal is disposed of, the accused shall not be liable to be again detained as a result of the decision of the House of Lords on the appeal.

44. Where the accused is detained pending an appeal from presence of the Appeal Court to the House of Lords, he shall not be accused at entitled to be present on the hearing of the appeal or of any heanng proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto unless an order of

the House of Lords authorises him to be present, or that House or the Appeal Court give him leave to be present.

45. —(1) Subject to this section, any sentence passed on an Effect of appeal from the Appeal Court to the House of Lords in substitu- appeal on tion for another sentence shall, unless the House of Lords or sentence, the Appeal Court otherwise direct, begin to run from the time

when that other sentence would have begun to run.

(2) Where under this Part of this Act a person subject to a sentence is admitted to bail pending an appeal, (the time during which he is at large after being so admitted shall be disregarded in computing the term of his sentence.

46. —(1) Where the operation of an order for the restitution Restitution

of property, being an order made under— of property.

section 76 of the Naval Discipline Act; section 138 of the Army Act; or section 138 of the Air Force Act,

(which sections apply when persons are convicted by court-martial of theft or other offences against property), is suspended until the determination of an appeal to the Appeal Court, the following subsections apply.

o 2

420

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Part m

Costs.

(2) If the conviction is not quashed on appeal, the operation of the order shall continue to be suspended—

(a) in any case, until the expiration of the time within

which an application for leave to appeal to the House of Lords may be made (disregarding any extension of time which may be granted under section 40 of this Act); and

(b) if such an application is made within that time, so

long as the appeal to the House of Lords is pending.

(3) Where the operation of an order is suspended under this section,—

(a) the order shall not take effect if the conviction is

quashed on appeal to the House of Lords;

(b) such steps shall be taken for the safe custody of the

property in question during the period during which the operation of the order is suspended as may be prescribed.

(4) Where by reason of the quashing by the Appeal Court of a person's conviction an order to which subsection (1) of this section applies does not take effect and on appeal to the House of Lords the conviction is restored by the House, the House may make any order for the restitution of property which could be made on his conviction by the court-martial which convicted him or, in the case of an appeal relating to a conviction under the Naval Discipline Act. by the Defence Council.

47.—(1) Where the Appeal Court or the House of Lords dismiss an application for leave to appeal to that House and the application was made by the Secretary of State, the Court or the House may direct the payment by the Secretary of State of such sums as appear to the Court or the House to be reasonably sufficient to compensate the accused for any expenses properly incurred by him in resisting the application.

(2) Where the Appeal Court or the House of Lords dismiss an application for leave to appeal to that House and the application was made by the accused, the Court or the House may make the like order as may be made by the Court under section 32(1) of this Act where they dismiss an application for leave to appeal to the Court; and any order made under this subsection may be enforced in the manner described in section 32(2) of this Act.

(3) Where an appeal from the Appeal Court to the House of Lords is determined in favour of the accused, the House of Lords may, if they think fit, direct the payment by the Secretary of State of such sums as appear to the House to be reasonably

Courts-Martial ( App) Act 1968

Ch. 20

421

sufficient to compensate the accused for any expenses properly part III incurred by him in the case up to and including the appeal, that is to say—

(a) in the appeal to the House of Lords;

(b) in the prosecution of his appeal to the Appeal Court

(including any proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto); and

(c) in carrying on his defence before the court-martial by

which he was convicted or found not guilty by reason of insanity or unfit to stand his trial, or before any other court-martial before which were begun, but not concluded, proceedings for the offence with which he was charged before the court-martial by which he was convicted or so found, as the case may be.

(4) Except as provided by the foregoing provisions of this section, no costs shall be allowed on the hearing or determination of an appeal from the Appeal Court to the House of Lords, or of any proceedings preliminary or incidental to such an appeal.

48. The following powers of the Appeal Court under this Powers under

Part of this Act, that is to say the power— Part which

, v , , . , .. are exercisable

(a) to extend the time for making an application for leave by single

to appeal; judge.

(b) to make an order for or in relation to bail; and

(c) to give leave to be present at the hearing of any pro-

ceedings preliminary or incidental to an appeal,

may be exercised by any judge of the Court; but where the judge refuses an application to exercise any of the said powers, the applicant shall be entitled to have the application determined by the Appeal Court.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

49.—(1) Rules of court made by the Lord Chief Justice with Rules of the approval of the Lord Chancellor may provide for regulating Court, the procedure and practice to be followed in the Appeal Court and for any other matters which by this Act are expressed to be subjects for rules of court.

(2) Rules of court made for the purposes of any provision of this Act may make different provision in relation to different classes of cases and may provide for any incidental or supple* mentary matters for which it appears to (he Lord Chief Justice

o 3

422

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Part IV

1946 c. 36.

Duties of registrar with respect to appeals etc.

Legal aid.

to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of that provision to provide.

(3) The power under this section to make rules of court shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 shall apply to a statutory instrument containing rules of court made under this section in like manner as if the rules had been made by a Minister of the Crown.

(4) A statutory instrument containing rules of court made under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

50. —(1) The registrar shall take all necessary steps for obtaining the determination of an appeal or application under this Act, and shall obtain and lay before the Appeal Court in proper form all documents, exhibits and other things relating to the proceedings in the court-martial by which the appellant or applicant was tried which appear necessary for the proper determination of the appeal or application.

(2) The registrar shall furnish the necessary forms and instructions relating to applications for leave to appeal under this Act to any person who demands them, to persons in charge of places where persons sentenced by court-martial may lawfully be confined for the purpose of serving their sentences and to such other persons as he thinks fit.

(3) Every person in charge of such a place as is referred to in subsection (2) above shall cause the said forms and instructions to be placed at the disposal of persons confined in that place who wish to apply for leave to appeal to the Appeal Court, or from that Court to the House of Lords.

51. —(1) The Appeal Court may at any time assign to an appellant under Part II of this Act a solicitor and counsel, or counsel only, in any appeal under that Part or proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto in which, in the opinion of the Court, it appears desirable in the interests of justice that the appellant should have legal aid and has not sufficient means to enable him to obcain that aid.

(2) In the case of an appeal to the House of Lords under Part III of this Act, subsection (1) of this section shall apply to the defendant in the proceedings from which the appeal lies (whether he is appellant or respondent in the appeal) as it applies to the appellant in an appeal under Part II of this Act.

(3) The power of the Appeal Court to grant legal aid under this section may be exercised by any judge of the Court in the same manner as it may be exercised by the Court, and subject to the same provisions; but if the judge refuses an application on the part of a person to exercise the said power

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

423

in his favour, the person shall, upon making a requisition in Part IV that behalf within the prescribed period and in the prescribed form and manner, be entitled to have the application determined by the Appeal Court as duly constituted for the hearing and determination of appeals.

(4) If, on a question of granting a person legal aid under this section, there is a doubt whether it is desirable in the interests of justice that he should have legal aid or whether he has sufficient means to enable him to obtain it, the doubt shall be resolved in favour of granting him legal aid.

(5) Before a person is granted legal aid under this section he may be required to furnish a written statement in the prescribed form about matters relevant for determining whether his means are insufficient to enable him to obtain legal aid, and if a person in furnishing such a written statement as aforesaid (whether required to do so or not) knowingly makes any false statement or false representation he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100 or to imprisonment for a term of not more than four months or to both.

(6) The registrar shall report to the Appeal Court or to a judge thereof any case in which it appears to him that, although no application has been made for the purpose, legal aid ought to be granted to a person under this section.

(7) A solicitor or counsel assigned to a person under this section shall be entitled to be paid by the Secretary of State such sums in respect of fees and disbursements as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Lord Chancellor.

The power of the Lord Chancellor under this subsection to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(8) This section is hereby repealed as from the day appointed

under section 106(5) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 for the 1967 c. 80. coming into force of Part IV of that Act (new provisions as to legal aid in criminal cases, including court-martial proceedings); and section 38(2) of the Interpretation Act 1889 shall apply to 1889 c. 63. this repeal as if this section had been repealed by another Act.

52. Rules or regulations made under—

(a) section 79 or 82 of the Naval Discipline Act;

(b) section 121 or 122 of the Army Act;

(c) section 121 or 122 of the Air Force Act;

(d) section 47 of the Prison Act 1952;

(e) section 35 of the Prisons (Scotland) Act 1952; or (/) section 13 of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland) 1953, 1953 c. 18

0 4 <NL>*

Removal of prisoners.

1952 c. 52. 1952 c. 61.

424

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Part IV

Exclusion of appeals etc. in case of certain Commonwealth naval courts-martial.

Saving for prerogative.

Modification of provisions in Parts II and III for capital cases.

Modification for protected prisoners of war.

1957 c. 52.

Interpretation. 1955 c. 19.

may provide in what manner an appellant, when in custody, is to be taken to, kept in custody at, and brought back from any place at which he is entitled to be present for purposes of Part II or Part III of this Act or any place to which the Appeal Court or a judge of it may order him to be taken for the purpose of any proceedings of the Court.

53. —(1) Part II of this Act confers no right of appeal against the conviction by a naval court-martial of a person who, at the time of the conviction, was borne on the books of a ship of the Royal Australian Navy or the Royal New Zealand Navy, not being a ship which at that time was placed at the disposal of the Defence Council.

(2) Section 34 of this Act does not apply in the case of such a conviction as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

54. —(1) Nothing in this Act is to be taken as affecting any right of Her Majesty, by virtue of Her Royal prerogative or otherwise, to quash a conviction by court-martial, so far as regards the exercise thereof at a time before whichever of the following two events first occurs—

(a) the receipt by the registrar of an application for leave

to appeal under Part II of this Act against the conviction; or

(b) the receipt by him of particulars of such an application

furnished in pursuance of section 9 of this Act

(2) Nothing in this Act is to be taken as affecting Her Majesty’s Royal prerogative of mercy.

55. Schedule 2 to this Act has effect so as to modify certain provisions of this Act in relation to cases involving sentence of death; and any provision of this Act which is referred to in that Schedule and modified or restricted thereby shall have effect subject to the Schedule.

56. Schedule 3 to this Act has effect so as to modify certain provisions of this Act in relation to protected prisoners of war within the meaning of the Geneva Conventions Act 1957; and any provision of this Act which is referred to in that Schedule and modified or restricted thereby shall have effect subject to the Schedule.

57. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,—

" the Air Force Act " means the Air Force Act 1955;

" air force court-martial " means a court-martial under the Air Force Act;

Courts-Martial (App) Act 1968

Ch. 20

425

" appellant " includes a person who has been tried by Part IV court-martial and wishes to appeal under Part II of this Act to the Appeal Court;

" the Army Act " means the Army Act 1955; 1955 c. 18.

"army court-martial*' means a court-martial under the Army Act;

" court-martial " means a naval, army or air force court-martial;

"enactment" includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

"the Judge Advocate General" means the Advocate General or Judge Martial of all Her Majesty’s regular, auxiliary and reserve land and air forces;

" the Lord Chief Justice " means the Lord Chief Justice of England;

" the Naval Discipline Act " means the Naval Discipline 1957 c. 53.

Act 1957;

"naval court-martial" means a court-martial under the Naval Discipline Act, and includes a disciplinary court;

" prescribed " means prescribed by rules of court; and " the registrar " means the registrar of the Appeal Court

(2) Where in connection with any proceedings or powers of the Appeal Court on appeal a provision of this Act refers to " the relevant Service Act", it is to be taken as referring to the Act under which the appellant was tried by court-martial, that is to say the Naval Discipline Act, the Army Act or the Air Force Act, as the case may be.

(3) In Part III of this Act " the accused " means, in relation to an appeal from the Appeal Court to the House of Lords, the person who was the accused in the court-martial proceedings from which the appeal lay to the Appeal Court.

(4) Any reference in this Act to another enactment is a reference thereto as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(5) Any reference in this Act to an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland includes a reference to an enactment corresponding thereto and for the time being in force in Northern Ireland.

58. The enactments specified in Schedule 4 to this Act shall Consequential

be amended as shown in that Schedule. amendment of

enactments.

59. The transitional provisions set out in Schedule 5 to this Transitional

Act shall have effect. provisions.

60. The enactments specified in the second column of Schedule Repeals.

6 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the

third column of that Schedule.

o*

426

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial ( App) Act 1968

Part IV

Short title and commencement.

1967 c. 80.

6L—(1) This Act may be cited as the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the day appointed under section 106(5) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 for the coming into force of section 98 of that Act

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

427

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Section 20.

Provisions as to Retrial Part I Navy

1. On the retrial of any person under section 19 of this Act, the record of the evidence given by any witness at the original trial may, with the leave of the court-martial, be read as evidence—

(a) by agreement between the prosecution and the defence; or

(b) if the court-martial is satisfied that the witness is dead or

unfit to give evidence or to attend for that purpose, or that all reasonable efforts to find him or secure his attendance have been made without success or that owing to the exigencies of the service it is not practicable for him to attend as aforesaid,

and may be so read without further proof if it is produced from the custody of the Defence Council.

2. Where a person authorised to be retried is again convicted on the retrial, the court-martial by which he is convicted may pass in respect of the offence any sentence authorised by the Naval Discipline Act, not being a sentence of greater severity than that passed on the original conviction.

Part II

Army

3. On the retrial of a person under section 19 of this Act, the record of the evidence given by any witness at the original trial may, with the leave of the court-martial, be read as evidence—

(a) by agreement between the prosecution and the defence;

or

(b) if the court-martial is satisfied that the witness is dead or

unfit to give evidence or to attend for that purpose, or that all reasonable efforts to find him or secure his attendance have been made without success or that owing to the exigencies of the service it is not practicable for him to attend as aforesaid,

and may be so read without further proof if it forms part of the original proceedings of the original court-martial or a copy thereof and those proceedings are, or that copy is, admissible as evidence under section 200 of the Army Act.

4. Where a person authorised to be retried is again convicted on the retrial, the court-martial by which he is convicted may pass in respect of the offence any sentence authorised by the Army Act, not being a sentence of greater severity than that passed on the original conviction.

O* 2

428

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial ( App) Act 1968

Sch. 1

Section 55.

Part m Ant Force

5. On the retrial of a person under section 19 of this Act, the record of the evidence given by any witness at the original trial may. with the leave of the court-martial, be read as evidence-

fa) by agreement between the prosecution and the defence; or (b) if the court-martial is satisfied that the witness is dead or unfit to give evidence or to attend for that purpose, or that all reasonable efforts to find him or secure ms attendance have been made without success or that owing to the exigencies of the service it is not practicable for him to attend as aforesaid, and may be so read without further proof if it forms part of the original proceedings of the original court-martial or a copy thereof and those proceedings are, or that copy is, admissible as evidence under section 200 of the Air Force Act.

6. Where a person authorised to be retried is again convicted on the retrial, the court-martial by which he is convicted may pass in respect of the offence any sentence authorised by the Air Force Act, not being a sentence of greater severity than that passed on the original conviction.

Part IV

Provision applying to all three Services

7. Where a person authorised under section 19 of this Act to be retried is convicted on retrial and sentenced to imprisonment or detention, there shall be taken into account in calculating the period for which he is liable to imprisonment or to be detained in pursuance of that sentence—

(a) any time before the original conviction was quashed which would have been taken into account in calculating the period for which he would have been liable to be imprisoned or detained in pursuance of a sentence of imprisonment or detention imposed at the original trial; and

(b) any time after the quashing of his original conviction which he has spent under close arrest awaiting retrial.

SCHEDULE 2

Procedural and other Modifications for Capital Cases

Modifications of Part 11

1.—(1) In the case of a conviction involving sentence of death, the right of appeal conferred by section 8(1) of this Act on the person convicted shall be exercisable without his being required to present a petition to the Defence Council; and accordingly in such a case subsection (2) of that section shall not apply.

(2) In the case of such a conviction, the power of the Appeal Court under section 9(3) of this Act to extend the period within which an application for leave to appeal must be lodged shall not be exercisable.

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Ch. 20

429

2. —(1) The following shall apply where a conviction by court-martial involves sentence of death.

(2) The sentence shall not in any case be executed until the expiration of the period for appealing under Part II of this Act (that is to say the period prescribed under section 9 as the period within which an application for leave to appeal must be lodged).

(3) Subject to the following paragraph, if such an application is duly lodged, the sentence shall not be executed until either the application is finally refused, or it is withdrawn, or the appeal is determined or abandoned.

3. —(1) Where sentence of death passed on a person on active service by an army or air force court-martial is confirmed, and the authority confirming the sentence certifies that it is essential in the interests of discipline and for the purpose of securing the safety of the force with which that person is present that the sentence should be carried out forthwith, paragraph 2 above shall not apply to the sentence.

(2) In sub-paragraph (1) above the expression " on active service "—

(a) in relation to a person subject to military law, has the meaning assigned to it by section 224 of the Army Act; and

(b) in relation to a person subject to the Air Force Act, has

the meaning assigned to it by section 222 of that Act;

and a person who is deemed for the purposes of either of those Acts to be on active service shall be deemed also for the purposes of this paragraph to be on active service.

4. Any appeal to the Appeal Court against a conviction involving sentence of death and any application for leave to appeal to die Court against any such conviction shall be heard and determined with as much expedition as practicable.

5. The Appeal Court shall not have power, by virtue of section 22 of this Act, to impose sentence of death; and where apart from this paragraph a sentence of death would be required by law, the sentence shall (whatever the circumstances) be one of imprisonment for life.

Modifications of Part 111

6. In a case involving sentence of death the power of the House of Lords or the Court under section 40 of this Act to extend the time within which an application by the accused for leave to appeal may be made under that section shall not be exercisable.

7. —(1) Where, in a case involving sentence of death, an appeal to the Appeal Court is dismissed, the sentence shall not in any case be executed until after the expiration of the time within which an application for leave to appeal to the House of Lords may be made; and, if such an application is duly made, the sentence shall not be executed while that application, and any appeal for which leave is granted thereon, is pending.

o* 3

Sch. 2

430 Ch. 20 Courts-Martial ( A) Act 1968

Sch. 2 (2) In such a case, any application for leave to appeal to the House of Lords and any appeal for which leave is granted on such an application, shall be heard and determined with as much expedition as is practicable.

Section 56. SCHEDULE 3 Modifications in Relation to Prisoners of War

1957 c. 52. 1. In this Schedule "protected prisoner of war*' means a person protected by the convention set out in Schedule 3 to the Geneva Conventions Act 1957; and " Royal Warrant" means a Royal Warrant governing the maintenance of discipline among prisoners of war. 2. In relation to a protected prisoner of war, this Act shall have effect as if the expression " army court-martial ’* included a prisoner of war court-martial constituted under a Royal Warrant. 3. In relation to a protected prisoner of war this Act shall have effect as if a reference to a Royal Warrant were substituted— (a) for any reference in sections 13, 14 or 15 to the relevant Service Act; (б) for the reference in section 16(2) to the relevant Service enactment; (c) for the reference in section 17(2X6) to the Army Act; and (d) for the reference in section 37(2) to the enactment relating to the revision of the finding or sentence of an army court-martial. 4. Paragraph 3(1) of Schedule 2 to this Act shall not have effect in relation to a protected prisoner of war.

Section 58. SCHEDULE 4 Consequential Amendment of Enactments The Army Act 1955 (c. 18) Section 113. In subsection (3), for the words " paragraph (6) of subsection (3) of section 4 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words " section 9(4)(6) of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968 ". After section 113 there shall be inserted the following section:— "Power of 113A.—(1) The following provisions of the Courts-authority Martial (Appeals) Act 1968, that is to say,— to authorise section 19, retrial. section 20, and Parts II and IV of Schedule 1,

Courts-Martial ( Ap) Act 1968

Ch. 20

431

(power of Courts-Martial Appeal Court to authorise retrial and supplementary provisions applicable when the power is exercised) shall apply with any necessary modifications in relation to the review by Her Majesty or the Defence Council under section 113 of this Act of the findings of a court-martial, as they apply in relation to an appeal to the Courts-Martial Appeal Court.

(2) Any document purporting to be an order or direction made or given by virtue of the foregoing subsection by the Defence Council shall be evidence of the making of the order or the giving of the direction, as the case may be, and of its contents."

Section 118

In subsection (1), for the words "subsection (7) of section 4 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words " section 11(2) of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Section 138

In subsection (9), for the words (in paragraph (a)) " Part I of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words " Part II of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968 "; and for the words (in paragraph (e)) " the said Act of 1951 " there shall be substituted the words " Part II of the said Act of 1968

Thb Air Forcb Act 1955 (c. 19)

Section 113

In subsection (3), for the words "paragraph of subsection (3) of section 4 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words " section 9(4 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

After section 113 there shall be inserted the following section:— "Power of 113A.—(1) The following provisions of the Courts-

authoSy Martial (Appeals) Act 1968, that is to say,— to authorise section 19,

retrial. section 20, and

Parts III and IV of Schedule 1,

(power of Courts-Martial Appeal Court to authorise retrial and supplementary provisions applicable when the power is exercised) shall apply with any necessary modifications in relation to the review by Her Majesty or the Defence Council under section 113 of this Act of the findings of a court-martial, as they apply in relation to an appeal to the Courts-Martial Appeal Court.

(2) Any document purporting to be an order or direction made or given by virtue of the foregoing subsection by the Defence Council shall be evidence of the making of the order or the giving of the direction, as the case may be, and of its contents."

o* 4

Sch. 4

432

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial ( App) Act 1968

Sch. 4 Section 118

In subsection (1), for the words " subsection (7) of section 4 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words " section 11(2) of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968 ’*.

Section 138

In subsection (9), for the words (in paragraph ( )) 44 Part I of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words 44 Part II of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968 "; and for the words (in paragraph (e)) 44 the said Act of 1951" there shall be substituted the words 44 Part II of the said Act of 1968 *.

The Naval Discipline Act 1957 (c. 53)

Section 70

In subsection (3), for the words 44 paragraph (6) of subsection (3) of section 4 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words 44 section 9(4X6) of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Section 71

At the end of the section there shall be inserted the following section—

44 Power 71 A.—(1) The following provisions of the Courts-

retriafK>nSe Martial (Appeals) Act 1968, that is to say,— section 19, section 20, and Parts I and IV of Schedule 1,

(power of Courts-Martial Appeal Court to authorise retrial and supplementary provisions applicable when the power is exercised) shall apply with any necessary modifications in relation to the review by the Defence Council under section 70 of this Act of the findings of a court-martial as they apply in relation to an appeal to the Courts-Martial Appeal Court

(2) Any document purporting to be an order or direction made or given by virtue of the foregoing subsection by the Defence Council shall be evidence of the making of the order or the giving of the direction, as the case may be, and of its contents.*4

Section 77

In subsection (1), for the words (in paragraph (a)) 44 Part I of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words44 Part II of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968 "

In subsection (3), for the words 44 the said Act of 1951 " there shall be substituted the words "Part II of the said Act of 1968’*.

Section 85

In subsection (1), for the words 44 subsection (7) of section 4 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words 44 section 11(2) of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968 *.

Courts-Martial (App) Act 1968

Ch. 20

433

Thb Mental Health Act 1959 (c. 72) See. 4

Section 71

In subsection (3)t for the words "subsection (4) of section of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951* there shall be substituted the words " section 16 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968 ".

Thb Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960 (c. 61)

Section 64

In subsection (2), for the words "subsection (4) of section 6 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 M there shall be substituted the words " section 16 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Thb Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961 (c. 15)

Section 57

In subsection (1), for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" (a) section 16 of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

SCHEDULE 5 Section 59.

Transitional Provisions

1. —(1) Any right of appeal subsisting immediately before the commencement of this Act by virtue of an enactment repealed thereby shall after that commencement be treated as subsisting by virtue of the corresponding enactment in this Act.

(2) Any appeal or application pending before the said commencement under an enactment so repealed may be presented and disposed of in accordance with the provisions of this Act corresponding to those in force immediately before the said commencement and applicable to the appeal or application.

2. —(1) In so far as any order, appointment, rule or regulation made, petition presented, direction given or other thing done under an enactment repealed by this Act could have been made, presented, given or done under a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal of that enactment but shall have effect as if made, presented, given or done under that corresponding provision.

(2) Any document referring to an enactment repealed by this Act shall, so far as may be necessary for preserving its effect, be construed as referring, or as including a reference, to the corresponding enactment in this Act.

3. The mention of particular matters in this Schedule shall not

be taken to affect the general application of section 38 of the Inter- 1880 c. 63. pretation Act 1889 with regard to the effect of repeals.

434

Ch. 20

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1968

Section 60.

SCHEDULE 6

Repeals

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

14 & 15 Geo. 6.

c. 46.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2.

c. 20.

The Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951.

The Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts

Part I (that is to say, sections 1 to 27).

In Schedule 2, paragraph 15(2) to (5).

(Transitional Provisions)

5 & 6 Eliz. 2.

c. 52.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 65.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 52.

Act 1955.

The Geneva Conventions Act 1957.

The Naval Discipline Act 1957.

The Administration of Justice Act 1960.

The Army and Air Force Act 1961.

Section 4(3).

In Schedule 5, the entry relating to the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951.

Section 10; in section 20(2) the words from the beginning to "such appeals*; Schedule 1 and so much of Schedule 3 as amends the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951.

In Schedule 2, the entry relating to the Courts-Martial

1964 c. 43.

1964 c. 84.

The Criminal Appeal Act 1964.

The Criminal Procedure (Insanity) Act 1964.

(Appeals) Act 1951.

Section 4; section 6(3) and, in section 6(5) the words " except so far as it relates to appeals from and retrials by courts-martial *; Schedule 1; and so much of Schedule 2 as amends the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951.

In section 7, the references to the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 and Part HI of

1966 c. 31.

1967 c. 80.

The Criminal Appeal Act 1966.

The Criminal Justice Act 1967.

Schedule 2 to the Act; and Part m of that Schedule.

Section 9(1); in section 12(2) the definition of "the 1951 Act *’; section 12(4); in section 12(7) the words " appeals from, and*’; and Part I of Schedule 1.

In Schedule 4, paragraphs 16 to 19, 31, 32 and 40.

Ch. 21

435

Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 21

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to the Court of Criminal Appeal in Northern Ireland, the jurisdiction of the Court and appeals therefrom to the House of Lords.

[8th May 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

The Court of Criminal Appeal

1.—(1) The Court of Criminal Appeal in Northern Ireland The Court, constituted by the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930 1930 c. 45. shall continue in existence with the same jurisdiction as heretofore, and is in this Act referred to either as "the Court of Criminal Appeal " or as " the Court

(2) All the judges of the Supreme Court shall be judges of the Court.

(3) The Court shall be a superior court of record and shall, for the purposes and subject to the provisions of this Act, have full power to determine, in accordance with this Act, any question necessary to be determined for the purpose of doing justice in the case before the Court.

(4) Except as provided by this Act, the determination by the Court of any appeal or other matter which they have power to determine shall be final and no appeal shall lie from the Court to any other court.

436

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal (Ireland) Act 1968

Part I

Sittings.

Assistance for transaction of business of the Court.

Constitution of the Court for hearing appeals.

2. —(1) For the purpose of hearing and determining appeals, or any matter preliminary or incidental to an appeal, the Court of Criminal Appeal shall be summoned in accordance with directions given by the Lord Chief Justice and shall sit in Belfast except in cases where the Lord Chief Justice gives special directions that it shall sit at some other place.

(2) Provision shall be made by rules of court for securing sittings of the court, if necessary, during vacation.

3. —(1) Any such person as follows, namely.—

(a) a person who, not being a judge of the Court of Appeal

or the High Court, has held the office of a judge of either of those courts;

(b) a person who, neither being a judge of the Court of Appeal or the High Court nor having held the office of a judge of either of those courts, holds or has held the office of a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary and, on his appointment to that office, was qualified for appointment as a judge of the High Court or the Court of Appeal,

may at any time, at the request of the Lord Chief Justice, sit and act as a judge of the Court of Criminal Appeal.

(2) Every person while sitting and acting under this section shall have all the jurisdiction, powers and privileges of a judge of the Court of Criminal Appeal, but shall not otherwise be deemed to be a judge of the Court or to have ceased to be a member of any other tribunal of which he is a member.

(3) A person who has sat and acted under this section shall, although the period has expired during which he was requested so to sit and act, attend the sittings of the Court for the purpose of giving judgment in. or otherwise acting in relation to, any case heard by the Court while he so sat and acted.

(4) For any period during which a person (other than one holding office as a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary) sits and acts under this section there may be paid to him, out of moneys provided by Parliament, such remuneration and allowances as the Treasury may, after consultation with the Lord Chief Justice, determine.

4. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section and the section next following, the Court of Criminal Appeal shall be duly constituted, for the purpose of hearing and determining appeals or any matter preliminary or incidental to an appeal, if it consists either of two or of three judges.

(2) Any matter preliminary or incidental to an appeal may be heard and determined by a single judge of the Court; but an appellant who is aggrieved by the decision of a single judge

Criminal Appeal (Northern I) Act 1968 Ch. 21

437

on any such matter shall be entitled to have the matter re-heard Part I and determined by the Court as constituted under subsection (1) of this section.

(3) The Lord Chief Justice, if present, and in his absence the senior member of the Court, shall be president of the Court.

5*—(1) Where an appeal or matter before the Court of Judgment Criminal Appeal is heard by two judges and those judges differ in opinion, it shall be re-heard by three judges; and where an appeal or matter before the Court is heard by three judges, it shall be determined according to the opinion of the majority of those judges.

(2) Unless the Court direct to the contrary in a case where they consider the question to be one of law on which it would be convenient that separate judgments should be pronounced by the members of the Court,—

(a) the judgment of the Court shall be pronounced by the

president of the Court or such other member of the Court hearing the case as the president directs; and

(b) no judgment with respect to the determination of any

question shall be separately pronounced by any other member of the Court.

6,—(1) The Registrar of the Supreme Court shall be the The Registrar, registrar of the Court of Criminal Appeal and is in this Act referred to as " the Registrar ".

(2) The Lord Chief Justice may direct any other officer of, or attached to, the Supreme Court to render such assistance to the Registrar as the Lord Chief Justice may think necessary for the purposes of this Act.

(3) In the event of a vacancy in the office of the Registrar, or of the incapacity of the Registrar to act from any reason, the Lord Chief Justice may direct another officer of the Supreme Court to exercise the powers and perform the duties of the Registrar under this Act.

7. Any direction which may be given by the Lord Chief Functions of Justice under the preceding sections may, in the event of any Lord Chief vacancy in that office or in the event of the incapacity of the 6^ Lord Chief Justice to act from any reason, be given by the senior judge of the Court of Criminal Appeal.

438

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal (Ireland) Act 1968

Right of appeal.

Grounds for allowing appeal against conviction.

Part n

Appeals to Court of Criminal Appeal Appeal against conviction and sentence

8. —(1) A person convicted on indictment may appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal against his conviction—

(a) on any ground which involves a question of law alone;

and

(b) with the leave of the Court, on any ground which in-

volves a question of fact alone, or a question of mixed law and fact, or on any other ground which appears to the Court to be a sufficient ground of appeal;

but if the judge of the court of trial grants a certificate that the case is fit for appeal on a ground which involves a question of fact, or of mixed law and fact, an appeal lies under this subsection without the leave of the Court of Criminal Appeal.

(2) A person convicted on indictment may appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal against the sentence passed on his conviction, unless the sentence is one fixed by law; but an appeal under this subsection lies only with the leave of the Court of Criminal Appeal.

9. —(1) Except as provided by this Act, the Court of Criminal Appeal shall allow an appeal against conviction where they are of opinion—

(a) that the verdict of the jury should be set aside on the

ground that under all the circumstances of the case it is unsafe or unsatisfactory; or

(b) that the judgment of the court of trial should be set

aside on the ground of a wrong decision of any question of law; or

(c) that there was a material irregularity in the course of

the trial.

and in any other case shall dismiss the appeal:

Provided that the Court may, notwithstanding that they are of opinion that the point raised in the appeal might be decided in favour of the appellant, dismiss the appeal if they consider that no miscarriage of justice has actually occurred.

(2) Except as provided by this Act, if the Court of Criminal Appeal allow an appeal against conviction, they shall quash the conviction.

(3) An order of the Court quashing a conviction shall, except when under section 13 of this Act the appellant is ordered to be retried, operate as a direction to the clerk of the Crown and peace

Criminal Appeal {Northern Ireland) Act 1968 Ch. 21

439

acting for the court of trial to enter, instead of the record of conviction, a judgment and verdict of acquittal.

10. —(1) This section applies where an appellant has been convicted of ah offence and the jury could on the indictment have found him guilty of some other offence, and on the finding of the jury it appears to the Court of Criminal Appeal that the jury must have been satisfied of facts which proved him guilty of that other offence.

(2) The Court may, instead of allowing or dismissing the appeal, substitute for the verdict found by the jury a verdict of guilty of that other offence and pass such sentence in substitution for the sentence passed at the trial as may be warranted in law by the verdict so substituted.

11. Where a person appeals against conviction on an indictment containing two or more counts and the Court of Criminal Appeal allow the appeal in respect of part of the indictment, they may in respect of any count on which he remains convicted pass such sentence, in substitution for the sentence passed thereon at the trial, as they think proper and is authorised by law for the offence of which he remains convicted on that count

12. —(1) This section applies on an appeal against conviction where the jury have found a special verdict.

(2) If the Court of Criminal Appeal consider that a wrong conclusion has been arrived at by the court of trial as to the effect of the jury’s verdict, they may, instead of allowing the appeal, order such conclusion to be recorded as appears to them to be in law required by the verdict, and pass such sentence in substitution for the sentence passed at the trial as may be warranted in law by the verdict so substituted.

New trial

13.—(1) Where an appeal against conviction is allowed by the Court of Criminal Appeal under section 9 of this Act and it appears to the Court that the interests of justice so require, the Court, upon quashing the conviction and any sentence passed thereon, may order the appellant to be retried.

(2) Where, on an appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal against a sentence imposed upon conviction on indictment, it appears to the Court that there has been a mistrial of the indictment, the Court may quash the conviction and sentence and may, if it appears to the Court that the interests of justice so require, order the appellant to be retried.

Part n

Power to substitute conviction of alternative offence.

Sentence when appeal allowed on part of an indictment.

Appeal on special verdict.

Power to order new trial.

440

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal {Northern Ireland) Act 1968

Part n (3) An appellant shall not be retried by virtue of this section tor any offence other than—

(a) the offence of which he was convicted at the original

trial;

(b) any offence of which he could have been convicted at the original trial on an indictment for the first-mentioned offence;

ic) any offence charged in an alternative count of the indictment in respect of which the jury were discharged from giving a verdict in consequence of that conviction.

Supplementary 14.—(1) An appellant who is to be retried for an offence

provisions as in pursuance of an order under section 13 of this Act shall be to new trial, tried upon a fresh indictment preferred by the direction of the Court of Criminal Appeal and shall be tried before such court as the Court of Criminal Appeal may direct (being a court of assize or, if the offence is within the jurisdiction of a county court, a county court) or, if no such direction is given, before any court having jurisdiction to try an indictment for the offence for which he was originally tried.

(2) The Court of Criminal Appeal may, upon ordering a retrial under section 13 of this Act, make such orders as appear to them to be necessary or expedient for the custody or admission to bail of the appellant pending the retrial, or for the retention pending the retrial of any property or money forfeited, restored or paid by virtue of the original conviction or any order made on that conviction.

The powers of a single judge of the Court of Criminal Appeal under section 4(2) of this Act to hear and determine any matter incidental to an appeal shall include power to make, discharge and vary orders under this subsection.

(3) Where a retrial is ordered under section 13 of this Act in the case of a person who, immediately before the determination of his appeal, was liable to be detained in pursuance of an order

1961 c. 15 or direction under Part III of the Mental Health Act (Northern (N.I.). Ireland) 1961, that order or direction shall continue in force

pending the retrial as if the appeal had not been allowed, and any order made by the Court of Criminal Appeal under this section for his custody or admission to bail shall have effect subject to the order or direction under the said Part III.

(4) Schedule 1 to this Act has effect with respect to legal aid for a person ordered under section 13 of this Act to be retried, his retrial, and the sentence which may be passed if the retrial results in his conviction.

Criminal Appeal ( Northern I) Act 1968 Ch. 21

441

Sentence Part n

15. On an appeal to them against conviction or sentence the Alteration of Court of Criminal Appeal shall, if they think that a different sentence on sentence should have been passed, quash the sentence passed appeal* at the trial and pass such other sentence authorised by law (whether more or less severe) in substitution therefor as they think ought to have been passed; but in no case shall any sentence be increased by reason or in consideration of any evidence that was not given at the trial.

Insanity

15. If, on an appeal, it appears to the Court of Criminal Appeal Appeal that, although die appellant did the act or made the8®1*1?8* omission charged against him, he was an insane person at the^wof: time the act was done or the omission made, the Court may— insanity

(a) quash the conviction and direct that a finding of notsubstituted-

guilty on the ground of insanity be entered; and

(b) quash the sentence passed at the trial and make any

such order as may be made under section 56 of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961 (admis-1961 c. 15 don to hospital of persons found not guilty by reason CN-1-)-of insanity).

17.—(1) A person in whose case a finding is recorded under Appeal section 56(2) of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961 against finding that he was not guilty of the offence charged on the ground of not guJty-of insanity may appeal against that finding to the Court of of

Criminal Appeal—

(a) on any ground of appeal which involves a question of

law alone; and

(b) with the leave of the Court, on any ground of appeal

which involves a question of fact alone or a question of mixed law and fact, or any other ground which appears to the court to be a sufficient ground of appeal;

but if the judge of the court of trial grants a certificate that the case is fit for appeal on a ground which involves a question of fact, or of mixed law and fact, an appeal lies under this section without the leave of the Court of Criminal Appeal.

(2) The Court of Criminal Appeal, on an appeal under this section, shall (subject to subsections (3) and (4) below) allow the appeal where they are of opinion—

(a) that the finding should be set aside on the ground that under all the circumstances of the case it is unsafe or unsatisfactory; or

442

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal (Ireland) Act 1968

Part II (b) that any order made by the court of trial upon* or

giving effect to* the finding should be set aside on the ground of a wrong decision of any question of law; or

(c) that there was a material irregularity in the course of trial*

and in any other case shall dismiss the appeal.

(3) The Court may dismiss an appeal under this section if of opinion that notwithstanding that die point raised in the appeal might be decided in favour of the appellant, no miscarriage of justice has actually occurred.

(4) Where but for this subsection—

(a) an appeal under this section would fall to be allowed;

and

(b) none of the grounds for allowing it relates to the

question of the insanity of the appellant*

the Court may dismiss the appeal if of opinion that but for the insanity of the accused the proper verdict would have been that he was guilty of an offence other than the offence charged.

Disposal of 18.—(1) The following provisions apply where an appeal

appeal allowed under section 17 of this Act is allowed in accordance with that under s. 17. section.

(2) If the ground* or one of the grounds* for allowing the appeal is that the finding of the jury as to the insanity of the accused ought not to stand, but the Court of Criminal Appeal are of opinion that the proper verdict would have been that he was guilty of an offence (whether the offence charged or any other offence of which the jury could have found him guilty), the Court—

(a) shall substitute for the finding of not guilty on the

ground of insanity a verdict of guilty of that offence; and

(b) subject to subsection (3) below, shall have the like

powers of punishing or otherwise dealing with the appellant and all other powers as the court of trial would have had if the jury had returned that verdict.

(3) Where the offence mentioned in subsection (2) above is one for which the sentence fixed by law is one of death or of imprisonment for life, the sentence shall (whatever the circumstances) be one of imprisonment for life.

(4) In a case where the Court of Criminal Appeal allow an appeal under section 17 above but subsection (2) of this

Criminal Appeal ( Northern Ireland) Act 1968 Ch. 21

443

section does not apply, the Court shall substitute for the finding Part II of the jury a verdict of acquittal.

(5) An order of (the Court allowing an appeal under section 17 of this Act shall operate as a direction to the clerk of the Crown and peace acting for that court of trial to amend the record to conform with the order.

(6) Where in accordance with subsection (4) of this section the Court of Criminal Appeal substitute a verdict of acquittal for a finding of not guilty on the ground of insanity, any order previously made in consequence of that finding under section

56(3) of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961 shall 1961 c. 15 cease to have effect, so however that if the Court are of (N.I.). opinion—

(a) that the appellant is suffering from mental illness or that he requires special care or is suffering from mental disorder of a nature or degree which warrants his detention in a hospital under section 12 of the said Act of 1961; and

(b) that he ought to be so detained in the interests of his own health or safety or for the protection of other persons,

the Court may make an order that he be detained in any hospital in which he was detained by virtue of an order under the said section 56(3); and Schedule 2 to this Act shall apply as to the consequences and effect of an order made by the Court under this subsection.

Review of cases by Court of Criminal Appeal

19. —(1) Where a person has been convicted on indictment Reference by or, being charged on indictment with an offence, has been found Minister of not guilty on die ground of insanity, the Minister may, if he Home Affairs, thinks fit,—

(a) refer the whole case to the Court of Criminal Appeal and the case shall then be treated for all purposes as an appeal to the Court by that person; or

(b) if he desires the assistance of the Court on any point arising in the case, refer that point to the Court for their opinion thereon, and the Court shall consider the point so referred and furnish the Minister with their opinion thereon accordingly.

(2) The Minister’s power of reference under this section shall be exercisable at any time, and whether or not there has been an appeal or an application for leave to appeal.

Procedure

20. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, a person who wishes Notice of to appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal, or to obtain the Court’s leave to appeal, shall give notice of appeal, or of his for leave.

444

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal () Act 1968

Part II

Special provision as to sentence of death or corporal punishment.

Bail.

Presentation of appellant’s

case.

application for leave to appeal, in the prescribed manner within twenty-eight days from the date of the conviction, verdict or finding appealed against or, in the case of an appeal or application for leave to appeal against sentence, from the date on which sentence was passed or, in the case of an order made or treated as made on conviction, from the date of the making of the order.

(2) Subject to section 21 below, the time for giving notice of appeal or of application for leave to appeal may be extended at any time by the Court of Criminal Appeal.

(3) The Registrar shall furnish the necessary forms and instructions in relation to notices of appeal, or notices of application under this Act, to any person who demands them, and to officers of courts, governors of prisons and such other persons as he thinks fit; and governors of prisons shall—

(a) cause the forms and instructions to be placed at the

disposal of prisoners desiring to appeal or to make any application under this Act; and

(b) cause any such notice given by a prisoner in custody

to be forwarded on behalf of the prisoner to the Registrar.

21. —(1) The power of the Court of Criminal Appeal under section 20 of this Act to extend the time for giving notice of appeal, or of application for leave to appeal, shall not be exercisable in the case of a conviction involving sentence of death.

(2) In the case of a conviction involving sentence of death or corporal punishment—

(a) the sentence shall not in any case be executed until

after the expiration of the time for giving notice of appeal or of application for leave to appeal under the said section 20; and

(b) if notice is so given, the appeal or application shall be

heard and determined with as much expedition as practicable, and the sentence shall not be executed until after the determination of the appeal or, in a case where an application for leave to appeal is finally refused, of the application.

22. The Court of Criminal Appeal may, if they think fit, on the application of an appellant, admit him to bail pending the determination of his appeal.

23. —(1) Provision shall be made by rules of court for enabling an appellant under this Part of this Act to present his case and his argument in writing, instead of by oral argument, if he so desires; and any case or argument so presented shall be considered by the Court of Criminal Appeal.

Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968 Ch. 21

445

(2) The Court may at any time, when it appears to them in Part n the case of an appeal or proceedings preliminary or incidental

thereto that it is desirable in the interests of justice that the appellant should have legal aid and that he has not sufficient means to enable him to obtain that aid, assign to the appellant a solicitor and counsel, or counsel only, in the appeal or proceedings.

(3) If on a question of granting a person free legal aid under this section there is a doubt whether his means are sufficient to enable him to obtain legal aid or whether it is desirable in the interests of justice that he should have free legal aid, the doubt shall be resolved in favour of granting him free legal aid.

(4) The Registrar shall report to the Court or a judge thereof any case in which it appears to him that, although no application has been made for the purpose, a solicitor and counsel, or counsel only, ought to be assigned to an appellant under the powers conferred on the Court by this section.

24. —(1) The Registrar shall take all necessary steps for Duties of obtaining a hearing of any appeal or application to the Court registrar with of Criminal Appeal under this Act, notice of which is given to

him thereunder, and shall obtain and lay before the Court jnappeais* proper form all documents, exhibits and other things relating to the proceedings in the court of trial which appear necessary for the proper determination of the appeal or application.

(2) If it appears to the Registrar that a notice of appeal under this Part of this Act purporting to be on a ground of appeal which involves a question of law alone does not show any substantial ground of appeal, he may refer the appeal to the Court for summary determination; and the Court may then, if they consider that the appeal is frivolous or vexatious, and can be determined without adjourning the proceedings for a full hearing, dismiss the appeal summarily without calling on any one to attend the hearing or to appear for the Crown thereon.

Transcripts, documents, etc.

25. —(1) Rules of court may provide— Transcripts.

(a) for the making of a record (whether by means of short-

hand notes, by mechanical means or otherwise) of any proceedings in respect of which an appeal lies (with or without leave) to the Court of Criminal Appeal; and

(b) for the making and verification of a transcript of any

such record and for supplying the transcript, on payment of such charge, if any, as may be fixed for the time being by the Treasury, to the Registrar for the use of the Court or any judge thereof, and to such other persons and in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the rules.

446

Part II

Trial

documents,

etc.

Judge’s notes and report.

Right of appellant to be present.

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal (Ireland) Act 1968

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) above, the Minister may, if he thinks fit in any case, direct that a transcript shall be made of any such record made in pursuance of the rules and shall be supplied to him.

(3) The cost—

(a) of making any such record in pursuance of the rules;

and

(b) of making and supplying in pursuance of this section

any transcript ordered to be supplied to the Registrar

or the Minister,

shall be defrayed, in accordance with scales of payment fixed for the time being by the Treasury, out of moneys provided by Parliament, and the cost of providing and installing at any court any equipment required for the purpose of making any such record or transcript shall also be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

26. Any documents, exhibits or other things connected with the proceedings on a trial on indictment shall be kept in the custody of the court of trial, in accordance with such provisions as may be prescribed, for such time as may be prescribed and subject to such power as may be prescribed for the conditional release of any such documents, exhibits or things from that custody.

27. In the case of an appeal under this Part of this Act, or an application for leave to appeal thereunder, the judge of the court of trial shall furnish to the Registrar in the prescribed manner his notes of the trial and a report giving his opinion upon the case or any point arising in it.

The hearing

28. —(1) Except as provided by this section, an appellant shall be entitled to be present, if he desires it, on the hearing of his appeal, although he may be in custody.

(2) A person in custody shall not be entitled to be present—

(a) where the appeal is on some ground involving a question

of law alone; or

(b) on any proceedings preliminary or incidental to an

appeal,

unless rules of court provide that he is to be so entitled or the Court of Criminal Appeal give him leave to be present; nor shall he be so entitled where he is in custody in consequence of a finding of not guilty on the ground of insanity.

(3) The power of the Court to pass sentence may be exercised notwithstanding that the appellant is for any reason not present.

Criminal Appeal ( Northern I) Act 1968 Ch. 21

447

29.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the Court Part II of Criminal Appeal may, if they think it necessary or expedient Evidence, in the interests of justice—

(a) order the production of any document, exhibit, or other

thing connected with the proceedings, the production of which appears to them necessary for the determination of the case;

(b) order any witness who would have been a compellable

witness at the trial to attend and be examined before the Court, whether or not he was called at the trial; and

(c) subject to subsection (3) below, receive the evidence, if

tendered, of any witness.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) above, where evidence is tendered to the Court under that subsection the Court shall, unless they are satisfied that the evidence if received would not afford any ground for allowing the appeal, exercise their power of receiving it if—

(a) it appears to them that the evidence is likely to be

credible and would have been admissible at the trial on an issue which is the subject of the appeal; and

(b) they are satisfied that it was not adduced at the trial but

there is a reasonable explanation for the failure to adduce it

(3) Subsection (l)(c) above applies to any witness (including the appellant) who is competent but not compellable, and applies also to the appellant's husband or wife where the appellant makes an application for that purpose and the evidence of the husband or wife could not have been given at the trial except on such an application.

30-—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the Court Additional of Criminal Appeal may exercise any of the following powers, powers of where they think it necessary or expedient in the interests of Court, justice: —

(a) in the case of any witness whose attendance might be required under section 29(l)(h) above, they may order his examination to be conducted in the prescribed manner before a judge of the Court or before any other person appointed by the Court for the purpose, and allow the admission of any deposition so taken as evidence before the Court;

(b) where a question arising on an appeal involves prolonged examination of documents or accounts, or any scientific or local investigation, which cannot in die opinion of the Court convenientiy be conducted before them, they may order the reference of the

448

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal ( ) Act 1968

Part II question in the prescribed manner for inquiry and

report to a special commissioner appointed by the Court, and act upon the report of the commissioner so far as they think fit to adopt it;

(c) they may appoint a person with special expert knowledge to act as assessor to the Court in a case where it appears to them that such knowledge is required for the proper determination of the case.

(2) The Court may, in relation to their proceedings, exercise any other powers which may for the time being be exercised by the Court of Appeal on appeals in civil matters, and may issue any warrants necessary for enforcing the orders or sentences of the Court.

Supplementary

Restitution of 31.—(1) Except as provided by this section the operation of

property. an order made on a conviction on indictment for the restitution of property to any person, and the operation in case of any 1894 c. 71 such conviction of section 24(1) of the Sale of Goods Act 1893 (56 & 57 Vict), as to the revesting of property in stolen goods on conviction, shall be suspended—

(a) in any case until the expiration of twenty-eight days

from the date of conviction; and

(b) in cases where notice of appeal or of application for

leave to appeal is given within twenty-eight days from the date of conviction, until the determination of the appeal.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply where the court of trial direct to the contrary in the case of any order, the title to the property in question not being, in their opinion, in dispute.

(3) In cases where the operation of any such order or of the said section 24(1) is suspended until the determination of the appeal, the order or that subsection, as the case may be, shall not take effect as to the property in question if the conviction is quashed on appeal.

(4) Provision may be made by rules of court for securing the safe custody of any property pending the suspension of the operation of any such order or of the said section 24(1).

(5) The Court of Criminal Appeal may by order annul or vary an order made on a trial for the restitution of property to any person, although the conviction is not quashed; and the order, if annulled, shall not take effect and, if varied, shall take effect as so varied.

Criminal Appeal {Northern Ireland) Act 1968 Ch. 21

449

32.—(1) Except as provided by any enactment of the Parlia- Part II ment of Northern Ireland, no costs shall be allowed on the costs, hearing and determination of an appeal under this part of this Act, or of proceedings preliminary or incidental to such an appeal.

(2) The following expenses shall be defrayed, up to an amount allowed by the Court of Criminal Appeal, by the Ministry:—

(a) the expenses of any solicitor or counsel assigned to an

appellant under this Part of this Act;

(b) the expenses of any witnesses attending on the order

of the Court of Criminal Appeal, or examined in any proceedings incidental to the appeal;

(c) the expenses of the appearance of an appellant on the

hearing of his appeal, or in proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto;

(d) all expenses of or incidental to any examination of witnesses conducted by a person appointed by the Court for the purpose; and

(e) all expenses of or incidental to any reference of a question to a special commissioner appointed by the Court, or of any person appointed as assessor to the Court.

33.—(1) The time during which an appellant, pending the Computation determination of his appeal, is not detained in custody shall not of sentence, count as part of any term of imprisonment under his sentence.

(2) The time during which an appellant is in custody pending the determination of his appeal shall, subject to any direction which the Court of Criminal Appeal may give to the contrary, be reckoned as part of the term of any sentence to which he is for the time being subject; but the Court shall not give any such direction where leave to appeal has been granted or a certificate has been given under section 8 of this Act, or where the case has been referred to them under section 19 of this Act.

(3) When the Court give a direction under subsection (2) of this section, they shall state their reasons for giving it

(4) The term of any sentence passed by the Court in the exercise of their powers under section 18(2) of this Act shall, unless the Court otherwise direct, begin to run from the time when it would have begun to run if passed in the proceedings from which the appeal lies.

p

450

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal ( ) Act 1968

Part II

Appeal in cases otherwise than on indictment. 1950 c. 5 (NX).

34. This Part of this Act shall apply to the case of a parent or guardian subject to an order made by a court of assize or a county court under section 57 of the Children and Young Persons Act (Northern Ireland) 1950, as if he had been tried and convicted on indictment and the order had been a sentence passed on the conviction.

Interpretation 35. In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise for Part II. requires,—

"appellant" includes a person who has given notice of application for leave to appeal;

" the court of trial " means, in relation to an appeal, the court from which the appeal lies;

" insane person " has the meaning given to it by section 1 1966 c. 20 of the Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1966,

(N.I.). and "insanity" shall be construed accordingly; and

" sentence " includes any order of the court of trial made on conviction with reference to the person convicted or his wife or children, and any recommendation of that court as to the making of a deportation order in the case of a person convicted;

and a power of the Court of Criminal Appeal to pass sentence includes power to make any such order or recommendation which could lawfully have been made by the court of trial.

Right of appeal to House of Lords.

Part III

Appeal from Court of Criminal Appeal to House of Lords

The appeal

6.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, an appeal lies to the House of Lords, at the instance of the defendant or the prosecutor, from any decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal on an appeal to that Court.

(2) No appeal lies under this Part of this Act except with the leave of the Court of Criminal Appeal or of the House of Lords; and such leave shall not be granted unless it is certified by the Court that a point of law of general public importance is involved in the decision and it appears to the Court or to the House of Lords (as the case may be) that the point is one which ought to be considered by that House.

(3) In this Part of this Act "the defendant" means, in relation to an appeal, the person who was the appellant before the Court of Criminal Appeal, and references to the prosecutor shall be construed accordingly.

Criminal Appeal ( Northern Ireland) Act 1968 Ch. 21

451

37. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, an application to Part m the Court of Criminal Appeal for leave to appeal under this Application Part of this Act shall be made within the period of fourteen for leave to days beginning with the date of the decision of the Court; and appeal

an application to the House of Lords for such leave shall be made within the period of fourteen days beginning with the date on which the application is refused by die Court

(2) Subject to section 39 below, the House of Lords or the Court of Criminal Appeal may, upon application made at any time by the defendant extend die time within which an application may be made by him to that House or the Court under subsection (1) above.

(3) An appeal under this Part of this Act shall be treated as pending until any application for leave to appeal is disposed of and, if leave to appeal is granted, until the appeal is disposed of; and for the purposes of this Part of this Act an application for leave to appeal shall be treated as disposed of at the expiration of the time within which it may be made, if it is not made within that time.

38. —(1) An appeal under this Part of this Act shall not be Hearing and heard and determined by the House of Lords unless there are disposal of present at least three of the persons designated Lords of AppealappcaK

by section 5 of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876. 1876 c. 59.

(2) Any order of the House of Lords which provides for the hearing of applications for leave to appeal under this Part of this Act by a committee constituted in accordance with section 5 of the said Act of 1876 may direct that the decision of that committee shall be taken on behalf of the House.

(3) For the purpose of disposing of an appeal under this Part of this Act, the House of Lords may exercise any powers of the Court of Criminal Appeal or may remit the case to the Court.

39. —(1) In a case involving sentence of death— Special

(a) the power of the Court of Criminal Appeal or the House proy,s{°D for

of Lords under section 37 of this Act to extend the 031)1 ases' time for making an application for leave to appeal shall not be exercisable; and

(b) an application for leave to appeal under this Part of this

Act, and any appeal for which leave is granted on the application, shall be heard and determined with as much expedition as practicable.

(2) Where an appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal is dismissed in a case involving sentence of death, the sentence shall not in any case be executed until after the expiration of the time for making an application for leave to appeal under this

p 2

452

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal ( ) Act 1968

Part III

Bail on appeal by accused.

Detention of accused pending appeal by the Crown.

1961 c. 15 (N.I.).

Legal aid.

Part of this Act; and if such an application is duly made, the sentence shall not be executed while that application, and any appeal for which leave to appeal is granted thereon, is pending.

Preliminary proceedings

40. The Court of Criminal Appeal may, if they think fit, on the application of an appellant under this Part of this Act or a person applying for leave to appeal thereunder, admit him to bad pending an appeal from the Court.

41. —(1) Where the defendant in any proceedings from which an appeal lies to the House of Lords under this Part of this Act would, but for the decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal, be liable to be detained and immediately after that decision the prosecutor is granted, or gives notice that he intends to apply for, leave to appeal, the Court may make an order providing for his detention, or direct that he shall not be released except on bail (which may be granted by the Court as under section 40 above) so long as an appeal under this Part of this Act is pending.

(2) An order under subsection (1) above shall (unless the appeal has previously been disposed of) cease to have effect at the expiration of the period for which the defendant would have been liable to be detained but for the decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal.

(3) When an order is made under this section in the case of a defendant who, but for the decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal, would be liable to be detained in pursuance of an order or direction under the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961, the order under this section shall be one authorising his continued detention in pursuance of the order or direction, and the provisions of the said Act of 1961 with respect to persons so liable (including provisions as to the renewal of authority for detention and the removal or discharge of patients) shall apply accordingly.

(4) Where the Court of Criminal Appeal have power to make an order under this section, and either no such order is made or the defendant is released or discharged by virtue of subsection (2) or subsection (3) above, before the appeal is disposed of, the defendant shall not be liable to be again detained as the result of the decision of the House of Lords on the appeal.

42. —(1) The Court of Criminal Appeal may at any time when it appears to them, in the case of an appeal from the Court under this Part of this Act or of proceedings preliminary or incidental to such an appeal, that it is desirable in the interests

Criminal Appeal ( Northern Ireland) Act 1968 Ch. 21

453

of justice that the defendant should have legal aid, and that Part III

he has not sufficient means to enable him to obtain that aid, assign to him (whether he is appellant or respondent in the appeal) a solicitor and counsel, or counsel only, in the appeal or proceedings.

(2) If on a question of granting a person free legal aid under this section there is a doubt whether his means are sufficient to enable him to obtain legal aid or whether it is desirable in the interests of justice that he should have free legal aid, the doubt shall be resolved in favour of granting him free legal aid.

(3) The fees of any counsel, and the expenses and fees of any solicitor, assigned to a defendant by virtue of this section, in either case up to an amount allowed by the House of Lords or by such officer or officers of that House as may be prescribed by order of that House, shall be paid by the Ministry.

43. A defendant who is detained pending an appeal under Presence of this Part of this Act shall not be entitled to be present on the defendant at hearing of the appeal or of any proceedings preliminary or hearing, incidental thereto, except where an order of the House of Lords

or rules of court, as the case may be, authorise him to be present or where that House or the Court of Criminal Appeal, as the case may be, give him leave to be present.

Matters arising out of appeal

44. —(1) If a person subject to a sentence is admitted to bail Effect of pending an appeal under this Part of this Act, the time during appeal on which he is at large after being so admitted shall be disregardedsentence* in computing the term of his sentence.

(2) Subject to the foregoing subsection, any sentence passed on such an appeal in substitution for another sentence shall, unless the House of Lords or the Court of Criminal Appeal otherwise direct, begin to run from the time when the other sentence would have begun to run.

45. —(1) Where the operation of an order for the restitution Restitution of of property made on conviction on indictment is suspended until property, the determination of an appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal,

then, if the conviction is not quashed on that appeal, the operation of the order shall continue to be suspended—

(a) in any case until the expiration of the time within which an application for leave to appeal under this Part of this Act may be made (disregarding any extension of time which may be granted under section 37(2) of this Act); and

454

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal (Ireland) Act 1968

Part m (b) if any such application is made within that time, so

long as the appeal under this Part of this Act is pending.

(2) Where the operation of any such order as aforesaid is suspended under this section,—

(a) the order shall not take effect if the conviction is quashed

on appeal to the House of Lords; and

(b) such steps shall be taken for the safe custody of the

property in question during the period during which the operation of the order is suspended as may be prescribed by rules of court

(3) Where by reason of the quashing by the Court of Criminal Appeal of a person’s conviction such an order does not take effect and on an appeal under this Part of this Act the conviction is restored by the House of Lords, that House may make any order for the restitution of property which could be made on his conviction by the court which convicted him.

1894 c. 71 (4) This section applies in relation to section 24(1) of the Sale

(56 & 57 Vict.), of Goods Act 1893 (revesting of stolen property on conviction of thief) as it applies in relation to an order for the restitution of property; and without prejudice to the powers of the House of Lords under subsection (3) of this section, the said section 24(1) shall apply in any case where a conviction on indictment is restored by that House as it applies on the conviction of an offender.

Costs. 46.—(1) Where the Court of Criminal Appeal or the House of

Lords dismiss an application for leave to appeal from that court, the Court or the House may, if they think fit,—

(a) where the application was made by the prosecutor, order

the payment by the Ministry to the defendant of such sums as appear to the Court or the House reasonably sufficient to compensate the defendant for any expenses properly incurred by him in resisting the application; or

(b) where the application was made by the defendant, order

him to pay the whole or any part of the costs of the application.

(2) Where an appeal to the House of Lords from the Court of Criminal Appeal under this Part of this Act is determined in favour of the defendant, the House of Lords may, if they think fit, order the payment by the Ministry of such sums as appear to the House reasonably sufficient to compensate the defendant for any expenses properly incurred by him—

(a) in the appeal to the House of Lords or in the proceedings before the Court of Criminal Appeal, as the

Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968 Ch. 21

case may be (including the cost of any application for leave to appeal); or

(b) in carrying on his defence before the court of assize or county court, at the preliminary investigation and before any other court of assize or county court before which proceedings for the offence in respect of which he was committed for trial were begun but not concluded.

(3) Except as provided by this section, no costs shall be allowed on the hearing or determination of an appeal under this Part of this Act or of any proceedings preliminary or incidental to such an appeal.

47.—(1) Any amount which the Court of Criminal Appeal Taxation of order to be paid under section 46(1) of this Act shall, exceptcosts* where it is a specific amount ordered to be paid towards the costs of the application as a whole, be ascertained as soon as practicable by die Court

(2) Any amount which the House of Lords order to be paid under section 46(1) or (2) of this Act shall, except as aforesaid, be ascertained as soon as practicable by such officer or officers, and in such manner, as may be prescribed by order of the House of Lords.

(3) Where the Court of Criminal Appeal or the House of Lords order the payment of costs by the defendant under section 46 of this Act the order shall be enforceable in the same manner as an order for payment of costs made by the High Court in a civil case.

455

Part Ili

Supplementary

48. The following powers of the Court of Criminal Appeal Powers of under this Part of this Act may be exercised by any judge of Court the Court:- Cnnmal

(a) the power to extend the time for applying for leave to which are

appeal; exercisable by

... . , , , . , single judge.

(b) the power to make an order for or m relation to bail;

(c) the power to grant free legal aid;

(d) the power to give leave for a defendant to be present at the hearing of any proceedings preliminary or incidental to an appeal;

but where the judge refuses an application to exercise any such power, the applicant shall be entitled to have the application determined by the Court

p 4

456 Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal (Ireland) Act 1968

Part IV General

Rules of 49.—(1) Rules may be made under section 7(1) of the

court. Northern Ireland Act 1962—

1962 c. 30. (fl) for regulating generally the practice and procedure

under Parts I and II of this Act and under Part HI of this Act so far as it relates to the Court of Criminal Appeal; and

(b) for prescribing anything which by Part II of this Act is required or authorised to be prescribed.

(2) The officers of any court before which an appellant has been convicted or, being charged on indictment with an offence, has been found not guilty by reason of insanity, and the governor or other officers of any prison or other officer having the custody of an appellant, and all other persons, shall comply with any rules having effect by virtue of subsection (1) of this section so far as affecting those officers or persons; and compliance with such rules may be enforced by order of the Court of Criminal Appeal.

(3) No rule affecting the governor or any other officer of a prison or any officer having the custody of an appellant shall be made under section 7(1) of the said Act of 1962 by virtue of subsection (1) of this section except after consultation with the Ministry.

Interpretation 59*—(1) In this Act—

(general). " county court" means a county court held for a division

1959 c. 25 under the County Courts Act (Northern Ireland) 1959;

"the Court of Appeal" means Her Majesty’s Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland;

" enactment99 includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

"the High Court" means Her Majesty’s High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland;

"the Lord Chief Justice" means the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland;

"the Minister" and "the Ministry" mean respectively the Minister and Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland;

" prescribed " means prescribed by rules of court;

" rules of court " means rules made or having effect as if made under section 7 of the Northern Ireland Act 1962; and

" the Supreme Court " means the Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland.

(2) Any reference in this Act to another enactment is a reference thereto as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

Criminal Appeal ( Northern I) Act 1968 Ch. 21

457

(3) Any reference in this Act to an enactment of the Parlia- Part IV ment of Northern Ireland shall be construed as including a reference to an enactment corresponding thereto and for the time being in force in Northern Ireland.

51. Nothing in this Act is to be taken as affecting the Saving for prerogative of mercy. mercy*^* of

52*—(1) No limitation or restriction imposed by the Govern- Legislative ment of Ireland Act 1920 on the power of the Parliament of of Northern Ireland to make laws shall preclude that Parliament ^jllo^rn from enacting provisions— Ireland.

(a) conferring any jurisdiction or power on the Court of 1920 c. 67.

Criminal Appeal or any judge or officer of that court;

(b) empowering the making of rules under section 7(1) of

the Northern Ireland Act 1962 for regulating the pro- 1962 c. 30.

cedure and practice of that court.

(2) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920, this Act shall, so far as it relates to matters within the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, be deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning of that section.

53*—(1) The enactments specified in Schedule 3 to this Consequential Act (being, in the case of Part I of the Schedule, enactments of f^SJncSt.of the Parliament of the United Kingdom and, in the case of Part II, transitional’ enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) shall be provisions, amended as shown in that Schedule.

(2) The transitional provisions set out in Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect.

(3) Nothing in this section is to be taken as affecting the general application of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 1889 c. 63. with regard to the effect of repeals; and that section shall have

the like operation in relation to any repeal by this Act of an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland as it has in relation to the repeal of an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.

54. The enactments specified in the second column of Schedule Repeals.

5 to this Act, in so far as they apply to Northern Ireland, are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of

that Schedule.

55. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Criminal Appeal Short title

(Northern Ireland) Act 1968. and commence-

ment*

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the day appointed for the coming into operation of section 98 of the Criminal 1967 c. 80. Justice Act 1967.

458

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal (Ireland) Act 1968

SCHEDULES

Section 14. SCHEDULE 1

Provisions Applicable on Retrial Legal Aid

1963 c. 8 (N.I.). 1. Section 21 of the Legal Aid and Advice Act (Northern Ireland)

1965 (grant of defence certificate to person returned for trial on indictment) shall apply in the case of an appellant who is to be retried by virtue of an order under section 13 of this Act as if he had been committed for trial for the offence or the offences in question, and as if references in subsection (2) of the said section 21 to a magistrates* court included references to the Court of Criminal Appeal.

Depositions

2. On a retrial ordered under section 13 of this Act, section 50(1) 1964 c. 21 (NX), of the Magistrates* Courts Act (Northern Ireland) 1964 (reading of depositions) shall not apply to the depositions of any person who gave evidence at the original trial, but a transcript of the shorthand notes of the evidence given by any witness at the original trial may, with the leave of the judge, be read as evidence—

(a) by agreement between the prosecution and the defence; or

(b) if the judge is satisfied that the witness is dead or unfit to give evidence or to attend for that purpose, or that all reasonable efforts to find him or to secure his attendance have been made without success;

and in either case may be so read without further proof if verified in accordance with rules of court

Conviction and sentence

3. Notwithstanding any rule of law to the contrary, a person ordered to be retried under section 13 of this Act may, if found guilty, be convicted on the retrial and the court before whom he is so convicted may pass in respect of the offence of which he is so convicted any sentence authorised by law to be imposed upon a conviction for that offence.

4. Without prejudice to the power of the court to impose any other sentence, the court before whom a person is convicted on retrial may pass in respect of the offence any sentence lawfully passed in respect of the offence charged on the original conviction notwithstanding that, on the date of the conviction on retrial, that person has ceased to be of an age at which such a sentence could otherwise be passed.

5. Where the person convicted on retrial is sentenced to imprisonment or other detention, the sentence shall begin to run from the time when such a sentence passed at the original trial would have begun to run; but, in computing the term of his sentence or the

Criminal Appeal ( Northern I) Act 1968 Ch. 21

♦ 459

period for which he may be detained thereunder, as the case may be, See. 1 there shall be disregarded—

(a) any time before his conviction on retrial which would have

been disregarded if the sentence had been passed at the original trial and the original conviction had not been quashed; or

(b) any time during which he was at large after being admitted to bail under section 22 of this Act.

SCHEDULE 2 Section 18.

Effect of Orders under Section 18(6) for Detention

in Hospital

1. —(1) An order for detention under section 18(6) of this Act shall be sufficient authority for a constable, a welfare officer or any other person directed by the Court of Criminal Appeal to take the person to whom the order relates and convey him at any time within the period of seven days beginning with the date on which the order was made, to the hospital mentioned in that subsection.

(2) The Court of Criminal Appeal may give such directions as it thinks fit for the conveyance of the person to whom the order relates

to a place of safety within the meaning of section 105(6) of the Mental 1961 c. is (N.L) Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961 and his detention therein pending his admission to hospital within the said period of seven days.

(3) Where a person is ordered under section 18(6) of this Act to be detained in a hospital, the older shall be sufficient authority to detain him in the hospital in accordance with the provisions of the said Act of 1961, as applied by the next following paragraph.

2. A person who is detained in hospital in pursuance of an order under section 18(6) of this Act shall be treated for the purposes of Part II of the Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961 as if he had been admitted on (the date of the order in pursuance of an application for admission duly made under section 12 of that Act

SCHEDULE 3 Section 53(1).

Consequential Amendment of Enactments

Part I

Enactments of the Parliament of United Kingdom The Administration of Justice Act 1960 (c. 65)

Section 1

At the end of the section, in the form in which it applies to Northern Ireland by virtue of section 18(4) of, and Schedule 2 to, the Act, there shall be added the following subsection:—

" (6) Except as provided by this Act or the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968, no appeal lies from any judgment of the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland in any criminal cause or matter."

P* 2

460 .

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal {Northern Ireland) Act 1968

See. 3

Section 53(2X

Section 13

For subsection (6), in the form in which it applies to Northern Ireland by virtue of section 18(4) oft and Schedule 2 to, the Act, there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (6) This section does not apply to a conviction or sentence in respect of which an appeal lies under Part II of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968 or to a decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal in Northern Ireland under that Part of that Act; and for the purposes of that Act and of this subsection an order for the punishment of any person for contempt of court in proceedings in which he has a right of appeal against his sentence shall be treated as part of that sentence."

Part n

Enactments op the Parliament op Northern Ireland

The Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1945 (c. 15) Section 33(4)

For the words " the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930 " there shall be substituted the words " Part II of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968

The Prison Act (Northern Ireland) 1953 (c. 18)

Section 13(4)

In paragraph ( d)for the words " the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930 " there shall be substituted the words " Part n of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968 "

The County Courts Act (Northern Ireland) 1959 (c. 25) Section 45

For the words "the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930 " there shall be substituted the words " Part II of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968 ".

The Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961 (c. 15) Section 56(4)

For the words "sections 15 or 16 of the Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1966 " there shall be substituted the words "section 17 or 18 of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968

Section 59(2)

In paragraph (a), for the words " section 17 of the Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1966 " there shall be substituted the words "section 13 of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1968".

SCHEDULE 4 Transitional Provisions

1.—(1) Any right of appeal subsisting immediately before the commencement of this Act by virtue of an enactment repealed thereby shall after that commencement be treated as subsisting by virtue of the corresponding provision of this Act

Criminal Appeal ( Northern IAct 1968 Ch. 21

461

(2) Any appeal or application pending before the said commencement under an enactment so repealed may be prosecuted and disposed of in accordance with the provisions of this Act corresponding to those in force immediately before the said commencement and applicable to the appeal or application.

2. —(1) In so far as any order or rule made or having effect as if made, direction given or other thing done under or by virtue of an enactment repealed by this Act could have been made, given or done under or by virtue of a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal of that enactment but shall have effect as if made, given or done under or by virtue of that corresponding provision.

(2) Any document referring to an enactment repealed by this Act shall, so far as may be necessary for preserving its effect, be construed as referring or as including a reference to the corresponding enactment in this Act.

3. References in this Schedule to enactments repealed by this Act shall be construed as including references to enactments which are reproduced in this Act in relation to matters for which provision is made by this Act while remaining unrepealed in relation to matters for which provision is made by another Act; and section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 shall apply with respect to any such enactment as if it had been repealed by this Act in relation to matters for which provision is made by this Act.

SCHEDULE 5 Repeals

Enactments of the Parliament of the United Kingdom

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 45. The Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930. The whole Act.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Administration of Section 1(1X6).

c. 65. Justice Act 1960. Section 3(2). Section 4(1). Sections 7 and 8. Section 9(1) and (4). Section 18(1). In Schedule 2, paragraph 4 of Part I and, in Part n, the modification of section 8. In Schedule 3, the entry relating to the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Northern Ireland Section 6.

c. 30. Act 1962. In section 29(1), the definition of "the Court of Criminal Appeal *. P* 3

Sch. 4

1889 c. 63.

Section 54.

462

Ch. 21 Criminal Appeal (Ireland) Act 1968

Sen. 5 Enactments of the Parliament of the United Kingdom

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Eliz.2. The Northern Ireland In Part I of Schedule 1, so much

c. 30.—cont. Act 1962.—cont. as amends the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930 and section 18 of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 and paragraph 4 of Part I of Schedule 2 to that Act.

1966 c. 31. The Criminal Appeal Act 1966. Sections 5, 6, 7 and 11; and section 12(5).

1967 c. 80. The Criminal Justice Act 1967. Section 98(6) and (7). In section 106(3X4), the words " the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930", and the words from "sections 7" onwards. In Schedule 4, paragraphs 9 to 15, 25(a), 29, 36, 37, 39 and 41.

Enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

1950 c. 5. (N.I.)

1954 c. 33. (NX)

1961 c. 15.

(NX)

1965 c. 8.

(NX)

1966 c. 20.

(NX)

1967 c. 18. (NX)

The Children and Young Persons Act (Northern Ireland) 1950.

The Interpretation Act (Northern Ireland) 1954.

The Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961. The Legal Aid and Advice Act (Northern Ireland) 1965.

The Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1966.

The Criminal Law Act (Northern Ireland) 1967.

In section 57(5), paragraph (6).

In section 42(1), in the definition of "Court of Criminal Appeal ", the words "constituted under section one of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930 ".

Section 56(5).

In section 23, paragraph ( ).

In section 3(3), the words M and in the subsection substituted by that section for section 4(4) of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930" and the words "and in the said substituted subsection

In Part m, sections 15 to 20 and section 22.

Schedule 1.

In Schedule 1, paragraph 27.

Ch. 22

463

Legitimation (Scotland) Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 22

An Act to amend and codify the law of Scotland relating to the legitimation of illegitimate persons by the subsequent marriage of their parents; to make provision in relation to the recognition under the law of Scotland of legitimation effected under foreign law and to the effects of such recognition; and for connected purposes.

[8th May 1968]

Bb rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Where the parents of an illegitimate person marry each Requirements

other after the commencement of this Act, then if— and^effects of

legitimation.

(a) the hither of the said person is domiciled in Scotland at the date of the marriage, and

(b) the said person is living at that date,

the marriage shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, render that person legitimate with effect from the date of the marriage and confer on him the rights, and impose on him the obligations, of a legitimate person with effect from that date.

2,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the legitima- Scope of tion of a person shall not confer any status or right, or impose 5!|L any obligation, on that or any other person in respect of any ^£1 on time previous to the date of the legitimation. legitimation.

p* 4

Ch. 22

Legitimation ( Scotla Act 1968

(2) A person shall not be entitled, by virtue of his legitimation or of the legitimation of any other person—

(a) to any right in the intestate estate of a person dying after the commencement of this Act and before the date of the legitimation, or

‘ (b) to legitim out of the estate of a person dying as aforesaid.

(3) The legitimation of a person shall not affect any right under a deed coming into operation after the commencement of this Act if that right has become indefeasibly vested in any other person before the date of the legitimation.

(4) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) above—

(a) a legitimated person shall be entitled to any right under

a deed coming into operation after the commencement of this Act, being a right his entitlement to which depends on his legitimacy, and

(b) a person other than the legitimated person shall be

entitled to any right under such a deed, being a right his entitlement to which depends on the legitimacy of the legitimated person.

(5) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, any reference (however expressed) in any deed coming into operation after the commencement of this Act to a child, or to issue, of a marriage shall be construed as including a reference—

(a) in either case, to any child legitimated by that marriage,

and

(b) where the reference is to issue, to the issue, being legiti-

mated persons, of any child of that marriage (including such issue of any child legitimated by that marriage).

(6) Without prejudice to the provisions of sections 23 and 24 of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 and of section 6(2) below, where any right is conferred or any obligation is imposed, whether by operation of law or under any deed coming into operation after the commencement of this Act, by reference to the relative seniority of the members of a class of persons, and that right is conferred or that obligation is imposed in terms which indicate that the class is one consisting of legitimate persons only, then—

(a) any member of that class who is a legitimated person

shall rank as if he had been born on the date of his legitimation, and

(b) if two or more members of that class are legitimated

persons whose dates of legitimation are the same, they shall rank as between themselves in accordance with their respective times of birth.

Legitimation ( Scotla Act 1968

Ch. 22

465

(7) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the legitimation of a person shall enure to the benefit of any other person claiming any right arising after the commencement of this Act, being a right his entitlement to which depends on the legitimacy of the legitimated person.

(8) Subsection (1) above shall apply only in relation to the legitimation of a person by or under this Act.

3. —(1) Where— Rights and

obligations

(a) an illegitimate person has died or dies, whether before arising where

or after the commencement of this Act, and parents of

deceased

(b) that person would, if he had not died, have been legiti- illegitimate

mated on any date before or after such commencement person marry, or (by virtue of section 4 below) at such commencement,

the provisions of this Act shall apply for the purpose of determining the rights and obligations of any person living at or after the relevant date as if the illegitimate person had been legitimated with effect from that date.

(2) In subsection (1) above, the expression "the relevant date " means—

(a) the date which would have been the date of the legitima-

tion of the illegitimate person, if that date occurs after the commencement of this Act;

(b) in any other case, the date of such commencement.

4. Where— Legitimation

(a) the parents of an illegitimate person have married each ^who

other before the commencement of this Act, and were not

(b) the father of the said person was domiciled in Scotland

at the date of the marriage, and of their

(c) that person was living at the date of the marriage, but parents*ctc*

(d) by reason of the existence at any time previous to the

marriage of an impediment thereto, the marriage did not, according to the law in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, render that person legitimate,

then, subject to the provisions of this Act—

(9 if the illegitimate person is living at the commencement of this Act, the marriage shall render that person legitimate with effect from the date of such commencement and confer on him the rights, and impose on him

ie

466

Ch. 22

Legitimation (Scotland) Act 1968

the obligations, of a legitimate person with effect from that date;

(ii) if the illegitimate person is not living at the commencement of this Act, the provisions of this Act shall apply for the purpose of determining the rights and obligations of any person living at or after die date of such commencement as if the illegitimate person had been legitimated with effect from that date.

Provisions relating to recognition of foreign legitimation.

5.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

(a) references to the legitimation of a person shall (subject

to paragraph (b) below) be construed as including references to the recognition under the law of Scotland, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, of a person as being legitimated under the law of a country or territory outside Scotland by the subsequent marriage of his parents;

(b) references to the legitimation of a person under this Act shall be construed as including references to the recognition, after the commencement of this Act, of a person as being legitimated as aforesaid;

(c) subject to the provisions of subsection (3) below, references to the date of the legitimation of a person shall, in relation to a person recognised as being legitimated as aforesaid, be construed as references to the date which his legitimation was or is recognised as having effect from;

and " legitimated " shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Where after the commencement of this Act any person is legitimated under the law of a country or territory outside Scotland, the fact that the father of that person was at any time previous to his marriage to the mother of that person domiciled in a country or territory in which legitimation by subsequent marriage was not permitted by law shall not prevent the recognition of that person as being legitimated.

(3) A person legitimated after the commencement of this Act under the law of a country or territory outside Scotland shall not be recognised as being legitimated with effect from a date earlier than that on which his legitimation occurs.

(4) For the purposes of this section a person legitimated under the law of a country or territory outside Scotland shall be deemed to be so legitimated by the subsequent marriage of his parents in any case where, under the law of the country or territory in question, the marriage of his parents was a condition necessary to his legitimation.

Legitimation (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 22

467

6. —(1) Where any person who has been adopted by his father Additional and mother before the commencement of this Act is legitimated Provisions by virtue of section 4 above, the court by which the adoption

order was made may, on the application of any of the parties ^on had concerned, revoke that order. previously

(2) The revocation of an adoption order under this section,

or under section 26 of the Adoption Act 1958, shall not affect both parents, the operation of sections 23 and 24 of the Succession (Scotland) 195s c. 5 Act 1964 in relation to an intestacy which occurred, or a deed (7 & 8 Eliz. 2). which came into operation, before the revocation. 1964 c. 41.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with section 26 of the Adoption Act 1958; and any reference in that Act to that section or to subsection (1) of that section shall be construed as including a reference to subsection (1) of this section.

7. —(1) The operation of any deed shall be affected by this Savings.

Act only in so far as, in the construction of the deed, no contrary intention appears.

(2) The legitimation of any person—

(a) by virtue of section 4 of this Act, or

(b) under this Act, if he would not have been legitimated

had this Act not been passed, shall not confer any right on that or any other person under a deed which came into operation before the commencement of this Act

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) above, where any person has been or is legitimated, any question as to the entidement of that or any other person to a right under a deed which came into operation before the commencement of this Act shall, in so far as such entitlement depends on the legitimacy of the legitimated person, be determined in accordance with the law in force immediately before such commencement

8.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires— Interpretation, "deed" includes any disposition, contract, instrument or writing, whether inter vivos or mortis causa;

" intestate estate " means so much of the estate of a person who has died as is undisposed of by testamentary disposition;

" marriage " includes putative marriage and voidable marriage.

(2) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the legitimation of a person shall be construed as references to the legitimation of a person (whether by or under this Act or before die commencement thereof) by the subsequent marriage of his parents, and " legitimated " shall be construed accordingly.

468

Ch. 22

Legitimation ( Scotla) Act 1968

(3) For the purposes of this Act a deed made in the exercise of a special power of appointment shall be deemed to come into operation at the date on which the deed creating the power came into operation.

(4) The provisions of this Act shall have effect in relation to any question as to the succession to, or devolution of, any tide, honour or dignity after the commencement of this Act as if the right to succeed to that tide, honour or dignity were a right under a deed coming into operation after such commencement and as if the title, honour or dignity devolved in accordance with such a deed.

(5) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

Short title, extent and commencement.

9.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Legitimation (Scotland) Act 1968.

(2) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the expiration of the period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed.

Ch. 23

469

Rent Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 23

An Act to consolidate the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts 1920 to 1939, the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act 1946, the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act 1949, Part II of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954, the Rent Act 1957 (except section 16 thereof), the Rent Act 1965 (except Part III thereof) and other related enactments.

[8th May 1968]

Bb rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I Preliminary

1.—(1) A tenancy under which a dwelling-house (which may Protected be a house or part of a house) is let as a separate dwelling is a tenancies, protected tenancy for the purposes of this Act unless—

(a) the dwelling-house has or had on the appropriate day a rateable value exceeding, if it is in Greater London.

£400 or. if it is elsewhere. £200; or

(b) the tenancy is one with respect to which section 2 below otherwise provides; or

(c) by virtue of section 4 or section 5 below, the tenancy is for the time being precluded from being a protected tenancy by reason of the body in whom the landlord's interest is vested;

and any reference to a protected tenant shall be construed accordingly.

470

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Parti (2) For the purposes of this Act, any land or premises let together with a dwelling-house shall, unless it consists of agricultural land exceeding two acres in extent, be treated as part of the dwelling-house; and for this purpose "agricultural land" has the meaning set out in paragraph (a) of section 26(3) of the 1967 c. 9. General Rate Act 1967 (which relates to the exclusion of agricultural land and premises from liability for rating).

(3) If any question arises in any proceedings whether a dwelling-house is within the limits of rateable value in subsection

(l)(a) above, it shall be deemed to be within those limits unless the contrary is shown.

Tenancies excepted from definition of "protected tenancy *.

2.—(1) A tenancy is not a protected tenancy if—

(a) under the tenancy either no rent is payable or, subject to section 7(3) below, the rent payable is less than two-thirds of the rateable value which is or was the rateable value of the dwelling-house on the appropriate day; or

(b) under the tenancy the dwelling-house is bona fide let

at a rent which includes payments in respect of board, attendance or use of furniture; or

(c) subject to section 1(2) above, the dwelling-house which

is subject to the tenancy is let together with land other than the site of the dwelling-house; or

(d) the dwelling-house is comprised in an agricultural hold-1948 c. 63. ing (within the meaning of the Agricultural Holdings

Act 1948) and is occupied by the person responsible for the control (whether as tenant or as servant or agent of the tenant) of the farming of the holding.

(2) In the following provisions of this Act, a tenancy foiling within paragraph (a) of subsection (1) above is referred to as a " tenancy at a low rent ".

(3) For the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) above, a dwelling-house shall not be taken to be bona fide let at a rent which includes payments in respect of attendance or the use of furniture unless the amount of rent which is fairly attributable to attendance or use of furniture, having regard to the value of the attendance or the use to the tenant, forms a substantial part of the whole rent.

Statutory tenants and tenancies.

3.—(1) Subject to sections 4 and 5 below—

(a) after the termination of a protected tenancy of a dwelling-house the person who, immediately before that termination, was the protected tenant of the dwelling-house shall, if and so long as he occupies the dwelling-house as his residence, be the statutory tenant of it; and

•v

Rent Act

Ch. 23

471

U>) the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have Part I effect for determining what person (if any) is the statutory tenant of a dwelling-house at any time after the death of a person who, immediately before his death, was either a protected tenant of the dwelling-house or the statutory tenant of it by virtue of paragraph (a) above;

and a dwelling-house is referred to as subject to a statutory tenancy when there is a statutory tenant of it

(2) In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) above and in Schedule 1 to this Act the phrase "if and so long as he occupies the dwelling-house as his residence " shall be construed as requiring the fulfilment of the same, and only the same, qualifications (whether as to residence or otherwise) as had to be fulfilled before the commencement of this Act to entitle a tenant within

the meaning of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest 1920 c. 17. (Restrictions) Act 1920, to retain possession, by virtue of that Act and not by virtue of a tenancy, of a dwelling-house to which that Act applied.

(3) A person who becomes a statutory tenant of a dwelling-house as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) above is, in this Act, referred to as a statutory tenant by virtue of his previous protected tenancy, and a person who becomes a statutory tenant as mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection is, in this Act, referred to as a statutory tenant by succession.

4.—(1) A tenancy shall not be a protected tenancy at any No protected time when the interest of the landlord under that tenancy belongs or statutory to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of tenancy where Lancaster, or to the Duchy of Cornwall, or to a Government 8

department, or is held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes belongs to of a Government department. Crown.

(2) A person shall not at any time be a statutory tenant of a dwelling-house if the interest of his immediate landlord would at that time, belong or be held as mentioned in subsection (1) above.

5.—(1) A tenancy shall not be a protected tenancy at any time No protected when the interest of the landlord under that tenancy belongs to or statutory any of the bodies specified in subsection (2) below, nor shall a tenancy where person at any time be a statutory tenant of a dwelling-house s

if the interest of his immediate landlord would belong at that belongs to time to any of those bodies. local authority,

etc.

(2) The bodies referred to in subsection (1) above are—

(a) the council of a county or county borough;

472

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Pari I

1965 c. 59. 1960 c. 58.

(b) the council of a county district or, in the application of

this Act to the Isles of Scilly, the Council of the Isles of Scilly;

(c) the Greater London Council, the council of a London

borough or the Common Council of the City of London;

(d) the Commission for the New Towns;

(e) the Housing Corporation;

if) a development corporation established by an order made, or having effect as if made, under the New Towns Act 1965; and

(g) a housing trust (as defined in subsection (3) below) which is a charity within the meaning of the Charities Act 1960.

(3) In subsection (2)<g) above,44 housing trust " means a corporation or body of persons which,—

(a) is required by the terms of its constituent instrument

to devote the whole of its funds, including any surplus which may arise from its operations, to the following purposes, that is to say, the provision of houses for persons the majority of whom are in fact members of the working classes, and other purposes incidental thereto; or

(b) is required by the terms of its constituent instrument

to devote the whole or substantially the whole of its funds to charitable purposes and in fact devotes the whole or substantially the whole of its funds to the purposes set out in paragraph (a) above.

(4) In subsection (3) above, " house " includes—

(a) any yard, garden, outhouses and appurtenances belonging thereto or usually enjoyed therewith; and

(b) any part of a building which is occupied or intended to be occupied as a separate dwelling.

(5) If any of the conditions specified in subsection (6) below is fulfilled, a tenancy shall not be a protected tenancy at any time when the interest of the landlord under that tenancy belongs to a housing association, nor shall a person at any time be a statutory tenant of a dwelling-house if the interest .of his immediate landlord would belong at that time to a housing association; and in this section 44 housing association " has the

1957 c. 56. same meaning as in the Housing Act 1957.

(6) The conditions referred to in subsection (5) above are as follows,—

(a) that the dwelling-house was provided by the housing association with assistance under section 2 of the

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

473

Housing &c. Act 1923, section 93(3) of the Housing Pact I Act 1936 or section 119(3) of the Housing Act 1957 1923 c. 24. (powers of local authorities to assist housing assoda- 1936 c. 51. tions generally); 1957 c 56.

(b) that the dwelling-house was provided by the housing

association in pursuance of an arrangement under section 29 of the Housing Act 1930, section 27 of the 1930 c. 39. Housing Act 1935, section 94 of the Housing Act 1936, 1935 c. 40. or section 120 of the Housing Act 1957 (local authority arrangements for provision of housing);

(c) that the dwelling-house was provided or improved by

the housing association in accordance with arrangements under section 31 of the Housing Act 1949 or 1949 c. 60. section 121 of the Housing Act 1957 (local authority arrangements for improvement of housing); id) that the housing association is registered under the

Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965 and the 1965 c. 12. provision of the dwelling-house forms part of the purposes for which its business is mainly conducted.

6.—(1) Except where this Act otherwise provides, the rateable Rateable value on any day of a dwelling-house shall be ascertained for ,7®

the purposes of this Act as follows:— p

(a) if the dwelling-house is a hereditament for which a rateable value is then shown in the valuation list, it shall be that rateable value;

(b) if the dwelling-house forms part only of such a hereditament or consists of or forms part of more than one such hereditament, its rateable value shall be taken to be such value as is found by a proper apportionment or aggregation of the rateable value or values so shown.

(2) Any question arising under this section as to the proper apportionment or aggregation of any value or values shall be determined by the county court, and the decision of the county court shall be final.

(3) In this Act " the appropriate day

(a) in relation to any dwelling-house which, on 23rd March

1965, was or formed part of a hereditament for which a rateable value was shown in the valuation list then in force, or consisted or formed part of more than one such hereditament, means that date, and

(b) in relation to any other dwelling-house means the date

on which such a value is or was first shown in the valuation list

(4) Where, after the date which is the appropriate day in relation to any dwelling-house, the valuation list is altered so

474

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part I

Controlled and regulated tenancies.

Power to

convert

controlled

tenancies into

regulated

tenancies.

as to vary the rateable value of the hereditament of which the dwelling-house consists or forms part and the alteration has effect from a date not later than the appropriate day, the rateable value of the dwelling-house on the appropriate day shall be ascertained as if the value shown in the valuation list on the appropriate day had been the value shown in the list as altered.

(5) The preceding provisions of this section apply in relation to any other land as they apply in relation to a dwelling-house.

7. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the provisions of Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in determining whether a protected or statutory tenancy is for the purposes of this Act a " controlled tenancy ".

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a "regulated tenancy" is a protected or statutory tenancy which is not (either because it never was or because it has ceased to be) a controlled tenancy.

(3) A tenancy of a dwelling-house shall be a controlled tenancy and not a tenancy at a low rent if, notwithstanding that the rent is less than two-thirds of the rateable value of the dwelling-house on the appropriate day,—

(a) the rent payable under the tenancy is not less than

two-thirds of the 1939 rateable value of the dwelling-house, as determined under Part II of Schedule 2 to this Act; and

(b) apart from section 2(l)(a) above, the tenancy would be

a controlled tenancy.

(4) Where a regulated tenancy is followed by a statutory tenancy of the same dwelling-house, the two shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as together constituting one regulated tenancy.

(5) Where a controlled tenancy is followed by a statutory tenancy of the same dwelling-house and that statutory tenancy is itself a controlled tenancy, the two shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as together constituting one controlled tenancy.

8. —(1) The Minister may by order provide, with respect to any area, that where the rateable value on a date specified in the order of a dwelling-house in that area exceeded such amount as may be so specified, and the dwelling-house is let on a protected tenancy or subject to a statutory tenancy which, in either case, is a controlled tenancy, the protected or statutory tenancy shall cease to be a controlled tenancy and, except in the case mentioned in section 9(4) below, shall become a regulated tenancy.

(2) An order under this section may contain such transitional provisions as appear to the Minister to be desirable.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

475

(3) The power to make an order under this section shall be Part I exercisable by statutory instrument and no such order shall have effect unless it is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament

9. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, the fact that part of Premises with the premises comprised in a dwelling-house is used as a shop a business use* or office or for business, trade or professional purposes shall not

prevent the dwelling-house from being let on or subject to a controlled tenancy.

(2) A tenancy of a dwelling-house which consists of or comprises premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquors for consumption on the premises shall not be a protected tenancy, nor shall such a dwelling-house be the subject of a statutory tenancy.

(3) Part H of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 (which gives 1954 c. 56. security of tenure to business tenants) shall not apply to a tenancy where the property comprised therein is let under a tenancy which either is a controlled tenancy or would be such

a tenancy if it were not a tenancy at a low rent

(4) If, apart from subsection (3) above. Part II of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 would apply—

(a) to a protected tenancy which is a controlled tenancy, or

(b) to a statutory tenancy which is a controlled tenancy, if it were a tenancy within the meaning of that Act,

the provision to be made with respect to that controlled tenancy by any order under section 8 above shall be that the tenancy shall cease to be treated as a protected or statutory tenancy and shall, instead, be treated for the purposes of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 as a tenancy continuing by virtue of section 24 of that Act after the expiry of a term of years certain.

(5) A tenancy shall not be a regulated tenancy if it is a tenancy to which Part II of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 applies (but this provision is without prejudice to the application of any other provision of this Act to a sub-tenancy of any part of the premises comprised in such a tenancy).

Part II

Security of Tbnurb

Limitations on recovery of possession of dwelling-houses let on protected tenancies or subject to statutory tenancies

10. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Grounds for Act, a court shall not make an order for possession of a{JS^Ionof dwelling-house which is for the time being let on a protected dwelling-

houses.

476

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part II

Extended discretion of court in claims for possession of certain dwelling-houses.

tenancy or subject to a statutory tenancy unless the court considers it reasonable to make such an order and either—

(a) the court is satisfied that suitable alternative accommo-

dation is available for the tenant or will be available for him when the order in question takes effect, or

(b) the circumstances are as specified in any of the Cases

in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act

(2) If, apart from the provisions of subsection (1) above, the landlord would be entitled to recover possession of a dwelling-house which is for the time being let on or subject to a regulated tenancy, the court shall make an order for possession if the circumstances of the case are as specified in any of the Cases in Part II of Schedule 3 to this Act

(3) The provisions of Part III of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect in relation to Case 8 in that Schedule and for determining the relevant date for the purposes of the Cases in Part II of that Schedule.

(4) The provisions of Part IV of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect for determining whether, for the purposes of subsection (l)(a) above, suitable alternative accommodation is or will be available for a tenant

11.—(1) Subject to subsection (5) below, a court may adjourn, for such period or periods as it thinks fit, proceedings for possession of a dwelling-house which is let on a protected tenancy or subject to a statutory tenancy.

(2) On the making of an order for possession of such a dwelling-house, or at any time before the execution of such an order (whether made before or after the commencement of this Act), the court, subject to subsection (5) below, may—

(a) stay or suspend execution of the order, or

(b) postpone the date of possession,

for such period or periods as the court thinks fit

(3) Any such adjournment as is referred to in subsection

(1) above and any such stay, suspension or postponement as is referred to in subsection (2) above may be made subject to such conditions with regard to payment by the tenant of arrears of rent rent or mesne profits and otherwise as the court thinks fit.

(4) If any such conditions as are referred to in subsection (3) above are complied with, the court may, if it thinks fit discharge or rescind any such order as is referred to in subsection (2) above.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

477

(5) The preceding provisions of this section shall not apply PaktII if the circumstances are as specified in any of the Cases in Part II of Schedule 3 to this Act

Statutory tenancies

12.—(1) So long as he retains possession, a statutory tenant Terms and shall observe and be entitled to the benefit of all the terms c25?j^on8 of and conditions of the original contract of tenancy, so far as J^SncS. they are consistent with the provisions of this Act

(2) It shall be a condition of a statutory tenancy of a dwelling-house that the statutory tenant shall affoni to the landlord access to the dwelling-house and all reasonable facilities for executing therein any repairs which the landlord is entitled to execute.

(3) A statutory tenant of a dwelling-house shall be entitled to give up possession of the dwelling-house if, and only if, he gives such notice as would have been required under the provisions of the original contract of tenancy, or, if no notice would have been so required, on giving not less than three months’ notice.

(4) Nothing in subsection (3) above shall be construed as affecting the continued operation of section 16 of the Rent Act 1957 c. 25. 1957 (under which at least four weeks’ notice to quit is required

in respect of premises used as a dwelling).

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the contract of tenancy, a landlord who obtains an order for possession of a dwelling-house as against a statutory tenant shall not be required to give to the statutory tenant any notice to quit.

13.—(1) A statutory tenant of a dwelling-house who, as a Payments condition of giving up possession of the dwelling-house, asks or demanded by receives the payment of any sum. or the giving of any other consideration, by any person other than the landlord, shall be ^SStion of guilty of an offence. giving up

(2) Where a statutory tenant of a dwelling-house requires that p0ssession‘ furniture or other articles shall be purchased as a condition of

his giving up possession of the dwelling-house, the price demanded shall, at the request of the person on whom the demand is made, be stated in writing, and if the price exceeds the reasonable price of the articles the excess shall be treated, for the purposes of subsection (1) above, as a sum asked to be paid as a condition of giving up possession.

(3) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £100.

478

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part n (4) The court by which a person is convicted of an offence under this section may order the payment—

(a) to the person who made any such payment, or gave any

such consideration, as is referred to in subsection (1) above, of the amount of that payment or the value of that consideration, or

(b) to the person who paid any such price as is referred to

in subsection (2) above, of the amount by which the price paid exceeds the reasonable price.

Change of statutory tenant by agreement.

14.—(1) Where it is so agreed in writing between a statutory tenant (in this section referred to as " the outgoing tenant ") and a person proposing to occupy the dwelling (m this section referred to as " the incoming tenant ")• the incoming tenant shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, be deemed to be the statutory tenant of the dwelling as from such date as may be specified in the agreement (in this section referred to as " the transfer date ").

(2) Such an agreement as is referred to in subsection (1) above shall not have effect unless the landlord is a party thereto, and, if the consent of any superior landlord would have been required to an assignment of the previous contractual tenancy, the agreement shall not have effect unless the superior landlord is a party thereto.

(3) If the outgoing tenant is the statutory tenant by virtue of his previous protected tenancy, then, subject to subsection (6) below, the provisions of this Act shall have effect, on and after the transfer date, as if the incoming tenant had been a protected tenant and had become the statutory tenant by virtue of his previous protected tenancy.

(4) Subject to subsections (5) and (6) below, if the outgoing tenant is a statutory tenant by succession, then, on and after the transfer date,—

(a) the provisions of this Act shall have effect as if the incoming tenant were a statutory tenant by succession, and

(b) the incoming tenant shall be deemed to have become a statutory tenant by virtue of that paragraph of Schedule 1 to this Act by virtue of which the outgoing tenant became (or is deemed to have become) a statutory tenant

(5) If the outgoing tenant is a statutory tenant by succession, the agreement referred to in subsection (1) above may provide that, notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) above, on and after the transfer date, the provisions of this Act shall have

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

479

effect, subject to subsection (6) below, as if the incoming tenant Part u had been a protected tenant and had become the statutory tenant by virtue of his previous protected tenancy.

(6) Unless the incoming tenant is deemed, by virtue of subsection (4)(h) above, to have become a statutory tenant by virtue of paragraph 6 or paragraph 7 of Schedule 1 to this Act, paragraphs 5 to 7 of that Schedule shall not apply where a person has become a statutory tenant by virtue of this section.

(7) In this section "the dwelling" means the aggregate of the premises comprised in the statutory tenancy of the outgoing tenant

15.—(1) Any person who requires the payment of any No pecuniary pecuniary consideration for entering into such an agreement consideration as is referred to in section 14(1) above shall be liable to a fineto btre^!r not exceeding £100. ®

(2) The court by which a person is convicted of an offence s*14, under subsection (1) above may order the amount of the payment to be repaid by the person to whom it was paid.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, the amount of any such payment as is referred to in subsection (1) above shall be recoverable by the person by whom it was made either by proceedings for its recovery or, if it was made to die landlord by a person liable to pay rent to the landlord, by deduction from any rent so payable.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) above, if apart from this section he would be entitled to do so, the outgoing tenant may require the payment by the incoming tenant—

(a) of so much of any outgoings discharged by the outgoing

tenant as is referable to any period after the transfer date;

(b) of a sum not exceeding the amount of any expenditure

reasonably incurred by the outgoing tenant in carrying out any structural alteration of the dwelling or in providing or improving fixtures therein, being fixtures which, as against the landlord, the outgoing tenant is not entitled to remove;

(c) where the outgoing tenant became a tenant of the

dwelling by virtue of an assignment of the previous protected tenancy, of a sum not exceeding any reasonable amount paid by him to his assignor in respect of expenditure incurred by the assignor, or by any previous assignor of the tenancy, in carrying out any such alteration or in providing or improving any such fixtures as are mentioned in paragraph (b) above; or

480

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part II

Tenancies at low rent of dwelling-houses for which

improvement grants have been made.

1958 c. 42.

1959 c. 33.

(d) where part of the dwelling is used as a shop or office, or for business, trade or professional purposes, of a reasonable amount in respect of any goodwill of the business, trade or profession, being goodwill transferred to the incoming tenant in connection with his becoming a statutory tenant of the dwelling or accruing to him in consequence thereof.

(5) In this section ‘‘outgoing tenant", "incoming tenant", " the transfer date " and " the dwelling " have the same meanings as in section 14 above.

Special cases

16.—(1) If assistance has been given in respect of the provision or improvement of a dwelling-house by the making of a grant to which this section applies and, at a time when the relevant conditions are required to be observed with respect to the dwelling-house,—

(a) it is let to a person in consequence of his employment by

the lessor, and

(b) it is so let under a tenancy at a low rent,

the operation of section 10(1) above shall not be excluded by reason of the letting being a tenancy at a low rent:

Provided that where section 10(1) above applies to a letting by virtue of this section. Case 9 in Schedule 3 to this Act shall nevertheless be excluded.

(2) This section applies—

(a) to an improvement grant under Part II of the Housing

(Financial Provisions) Act 1958; and

(b) to a standard grant under Part II of the House Purchase

and Housing Act 1959.

(3) The reference in subsection (1) above to improvement of a dwelling-house shall be construed, in relation to an improvement grant, as a reference to the alteration or enlargement thereof and to the execution of works of repair thereto not being works of ordinary repair, and as including also a reference to the execution of works of ordinary repair thereto so far, but so far only, as the execution thereof is incidental to or connected with the execution of work of improvement, alteration or enlargement or of works of repair not being works of ordinary repair.

(4) In subsection (1) above " the relevant conditions " means the conditions specified in Schedule 4 to the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 (conditions to be observed by owners of dwellings in receipt of improvement grants) or, as the case may

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

481

be, those conditions as applied in relation to standard grants Part II by virtue of section 7 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 c. 33. 1959.

17.—(1) At any time when a dwelling-house to which this Overcrowded section applies is overcrowded, within the meaning of the Dwelling-Housing Act 1957, in such circumstances as to render the occupier guilty of an offence, nothing in this Part of this Act 1957 C- 56* shall prevent the immediate landlord of the occupier from obtaining possession of the dwelling-house.

(2) This section applies to a dwelling-house which consists of premises used as a separate dwelling by members of the working classes or of a type suitable for such use.

Miscellaneous

18.—(1) If a court makes an order for possession of a Effect on dwelling-house from a tenant, and the order is made by virtue sub-tenancies of paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of section 10(1) above, nothing in the order shall affect the right of any sub-tenant to whom the superior dwelling-house or any part of it has been lawfully sublet before tenancy, the commencement of the proceedings to retain possession by virtue of this Part of this Act, nor shall the order operate to give a right to possession as against any such sub-tenant

(2) Where a protected or statutory tenancy of a dwelling-house is determined, either as a result of an order for possession or for any other reason, any sub-tenant to whom the dwelling-house or any part of it has been lawfully sublet shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be deemed to become the tenant of the landlord on the same terms as he would have held from the tenant if the tenant's protected or statutory tenancy had continued.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) below, a long tenancy of a dwelling-house which is also a tenancy at a low rent but which, had it not been a tenancy at a low rent, would have been a protected tenancy, shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (2) above as a protected tenancy.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) above, subsection (2) above shall not have effect where the sub-tenancy in question was created (whether immediately or derivatively) out of a long tenancy falling within subsection (3) above and, at the time of the creation of the sub-tenancy,—

(a) a notice to terminate the long tenancy had been given

under section 4(1) of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 c. 56. 1954; or

Q

482

Part n

1954 c. 56.

Compensation for misrepresentation or concealment in Cases 7 and 8.

Limit of rent during contractual periods.

Ch. 23

(b) the long tenancy was being continued by section 3(1) of that Act;

unless the sub-tenancy was created with the consent in writing of the person who at the time when it was created was the landlord, within the meaning of Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954.

(5) Where a dwelling-house—

(a) forms part of premises which have been let as a whole

on a superior letting but do not constitute a dwelling-house let on a protected tenancy; and

(b) is itself let on a protected tenancy, or subject to a statutory tenancy,

then, from the coming to an end of the superior letting, this Act shall apply in relation to the dwelling-house as if, in lieu of the superior letting, there had been separate lettings of the dwelling-house and of the remainder of the premises, for the like purposes as under the superior letting, and at rents equal to the just proportion of the rent under the superior letting.

19. Where, in such circumstances as are specified in Case 7 or Case 8 in Schedule 3 to this Act, a landlord obtains an order for possession of a dwelling-house let on a protected tenancy or subject to a statutory tenancy and it is subsequently made to appear to the court that the order was obtained by misrepresentation or concealment of material facts, the court may order the landlord to pay to the former tenant such sum as appears sufficient as compensation for damage or loss sustained by that tenant as a result of the order.

Part III

Rents under Regulated Tenancies

Regulation of rent during contractual periods

20. —(1) Where the rent payable for any contractual period of a regulated tenancy of a dwelling-house would exceed the limit specified in the following provisions of this section (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the contractual rent limit "), the amount of the excess shall, notwithstanding anything in any agreement, be irrecoverable from the tenant.

(2) Where a rent for the dwelling-house is registered under Part IV of this Act, then, subject to section 47(3) of this Act, the contractual rent limit is the rent so registered.

(3) Where no rent for the dwelling-house is registered under Part IV of this Act then, subject to any adjustment under

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

483

section 21 below, the contractual rent limit shall be determined Part m as follows:—

(a) if, not more than three years before the regulated tenancy

began, the dwelling-house was the subject of another regulated tenancy, the contractual rent limit is the rent payable under that other tenancy (or, if there was more than one, the last of them) for the last rental period thereof;

(b) in any other case, the contractual rent limit is the rent

payable under the terms of the lease or agreement creating the tenancy, as varied, if the tenancy began before 8th December 1965, by any agreement made before that date.

21.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall apply Adjustment, in relation to a contractual period for which the contractual rent . limit is that spetified in subsection (3) of section 20 above; of^ntaSaal and in those provisions— rent limit.

" the previous tenancy " means the other regulated tenancy referred to in paragraph (a) of that subsection; and

"the previous terms" means the terms referred to in paragraph (b) of that subsection.

(2) Where, under the terms of a regulated tenancy, there is, with respect to—

(a) the responsibility for any repairs, or

(b) the provision of services for the tenant by the landlord or a superior landlord, or

(c) the use of furniture by the tenant,

any difference compared with the terms of the previous tenancy or, as the case may be, the previous terms, such as to affect the amount of the rent which it is reasonable to charge, the contractual rent limit shall be increased or decreased by an appropriate amount.

(3) Where for any contractual period there is a difference between the amount (if any) of the rates borne by the landlord or a superior landlord in respect of the dwelling-house and the amount (if any) so borne during the last rental period of the previous tenancy, or, as the case may be, the first rental period for which the previous terms were agreed, the contractual rent limit shall be increased or decreased by the amount of the difference.

(4) Where for any contractual period there is an increase in the cost of the provision of the services (if any) provided for the tenant by the landlord or a superior landlord compared with that cost at the time the rent for the previous tenancy was agreed, or, as the case may be, the previous terms were agreed, such

Q2

484

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part m as to affect the amount of the rent which it is reasonable to charge, the contractual rent limit shall be increased by an appropriate amount

(5) If an improvement has been effected in the dwelling-house and the improvement was completed after 7th December 1965 and after the time as from which the rent for the previous tenancy was agreed or, as the case may be, the previous terms were agreed, then, subject to section 31 below, die contractual rent limit shall be increased by 12J per cent per annum of the amount expended on the improvement by the landlord or any superior landlord or any person from whom the landlord or any superior landlord derives title.

(6) Where the previous terms provide for a variation of the rent in any of the circumstances mentioned in the preceding provisions of this section, the contractual rent limit shall not be further varied under this section by reason of the same circumstances.

(7) Any question whether, or by what amount, the contractual rent limit is increased or decreased by virtue of subsection (2) or subsection (4) above shall be determined by the county court; and any such determination—

(a) may be made so as to relate to past rental periods; and

(b) shall have effect with respect to rental periods subsequent

to the periods to which it relates until revoked or varied by a fresh determination.

Limit of rent during statutory periods.

Regulation of rent during statutory periods

22«—(1) Except as otherwise provided by the following provisions of this Part of this Act, where the rent payable for any statutory period of a regulated tenancy of a dwelling-house would exceed the rent recoverable for the last contractual period thereof, the amount of the excess shall, notwithstanding anything in any agreement, be irrecoverable from the tenant.

(2) Subject to section 47(3) of this Act, where a rent for the dwelling-house is registered under Part IV of this Act, the following provisions shall apply with respect to the rent for any statutory period of a regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house, that is to say—

(a) if the rent payable for any statutory period would

exceed the rent so registered, the amount of the excess shall, notwithstanding anything in any agreement, be irrecoverable from the tenant; and

(b) if the rent payable for any statutory period would

be less than the rent so registered, it may be increased up to the amount of that rent by a notice of increase served by the landlord on the tenant and specifying the date from which the increase is to take effect.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

485

(3) The date specified in a notice of increase under subsection Part m (2 )(b) above shall not be earlier than the date on which the

rent was registered nor earlier than four weeks before the service of the notice.

(4) Where no rent for the dwelling-house is registered under Part IV of this Act the provisions of sections 23 to 25 below shall have effect with respect to the rent recoverable for any statutory period under a regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house.

23,—(1) Where section 22(4) above applies and any rates in Adjustment, respect of the dwelling-house are, or were during the last con-with respect tractual period, borne by the landlord or a superior landlord, then, for any statutory period for which the amount of the rates, rent for ascertained in accordance with Schedule 4 to this Act, differs statutory from the amount, so ascertained, of the rates for the last con- periods before tractual period, the recoverable rent shall, subject to subsection registration.

(2) below, be increased or decreased by the amount of the difference.

(2) Where the amount of the recoverable rent is increased by virtue of this section, the increase shall not take effect except in pursuance of a notice of increase served by the landlord on the tenant and specifying the increase and the date from which it is to take effect.

(3) The date specified in a notice of increase under subsection (2) above shall be not earlier than six weeks before the service of the notice, and if it is earlier than the service of the notice, any rent unpaid shall become due on the day after the service of the notice.

24.—(1) Where section 22(4) above applies and for any statutory period there is with respect to—

(a) the provision of services for the tenant by the land-

lord or a superior landlord, or

(b) the use of furniture by the tenant,

or any circumstances relating thereto any difference, in comparison with the last contractual period, such as to affect the amount of the rent which it is reasonable to charge, the recoverable rent for the statutory period shall be increased or decreased by an appropriate amount.

(2) Any question whether, or by what amount, the recoverable rent for any period is increased or decreased by virtue of this section shall be determined by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or by the county court; and any such determination—

(a) may be made so as to relate to past statutory periods; and

Adjustment, with respect to services and furniture, of recoverable rent for statutory periods before registration.

486

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part in (b) shall have effect with respect to statutory periods

subsequent to the periods to which it relates until revoked or varied by any such agreement as is referred to in this subsection or by the county court.

increase, on 25.—(1) If, in a case where section 22(4) above applies, an

account of improvement has been effected in a dwelling-house and the im-

of recovlrable Provement was completed after 7th December 1965 and after the rent f0r time as from which the rent under the regulated tenancy was

statutory agreed, then, subject to section 31 below, the recoverable rent

periods before for any statutory period beginning after the completion of the registration, improvement shall be increased by 12J per cent per annum of the amount expended on the improvement by the landlord or any superior landlord or any person from whom the landlord or any superior landlord derives title.

(2) Where the amount of the recoverable rent is increased by virtue of this section, the increase shall not take effect except in pursuance of a notice of increase served by the landlord on the tenant and specifying the increase and the date, which may be any date after the service of the notice, from which it is to take effect.

1958 c. 42.

1959 c. 33.

1965 c. 16.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) and section 32(6) below, a tenant on whom a notice of increase specifying an increase authorised by this section is served may, not later than one month after the service of the notice or such longer time as the court may allow, apply to the county court for an order cancelling or reducing die increase on the ground that the improvement was unnecessary or that a greater amount was expended on it than was reasonable, and the court may make an order accordingly which may relate not only to future but also to past statutory periods.

(4) No application may be made under subsection (3) above if—

(a) a grant has been made in respect of the improvement

under section 30 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 (improvement grants), section 4 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 (standard grants) or section 15 of the Airports Authority Act 1965 (grants towards cost of sound-proofing); or

(b) the tenant in writing consented to the improvement

and acknowledged (in whatever terms) that the rent could be increased on account of the improvement.

Notices of 26.—(1) Any reference in the following provisions of this

increase. section to a notice of increase is a reference to a notice of increase under section 22(2), section 23(2) or section 25(2) of this Act

(2) A notice of increase must be in the prescribed form.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

487

(3) Notwithstanding that a notice of increase relates to statu- Part m tory periods, it may be served during a contractual period;

and where such a notice is served during a contractual period and the protected tenancy could, by a notice to quit served by the landlord at the same time, be brought to an end before the date specified in the notice of increase, the notice of increase shall operate to convert the protected tenancy into a statutory tenancy as from that date.

(4) If the county court is satisfied that any error or omission in a notice of increase is due to a bona fide mistake on the part of the landlord, the court may by order amend the notice by correcting any errors or supplying any omission therein which, if not corrected or supplied, would render the notice invalid and, if the court so directs, the notice as so amended shall have effect and be deemed to have had effect as a valid notice.

(5) Any amendment of a notice of increase under subsection

(4) above may be made on such terms and conditions with respect to arrears of rent or otherwise as appear to the court to be just and reasonable.

(6) No increase of rent which becomes payable by reason of an amendment of a notice of increase under subsection (4) above shall be recoverable in respect of any statutory period which ended more than six months before the date of the order making the amendment

Modifications applicable in special cases

27.—(1) The provisions of this section apply in relation to Protected a protected or statutory tenancy of a dwelling-house which and statutory becomes a regulated tenancy by virtue of an order under section ^j^Jed by 8 of this Act. order into

(2) In relation to any rental period of a statutory tenancy

to which this section applies beginning after the order comeslcnancics* into operation, sections 22 to 25 above shall have effect as if references therein to the last contractual period were references to the last rental period beginning before the order comes into operation.

(3) A notice of increase under section 22(2) of this Act served in respect of a protected or statutory tenancy to which this section applies shall only be valid if the rent specified in it does not exceed by more than 15 per cent, of the controlled rent the rent payable for the rental period beginning twelve months before the notice takes effect, except so far as the increase relates to such part of the rent registered under Part IV of this Act as may, in pursuance of the order referred to in subsection (1) above, be distinguished in the register as attributable

Q4

488

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part HI

Regulated

tenancy

following

controlled

tenancy on

death of first

successor.

Regulated tenancies of formerly requisitioned houses.

1955 c. 24. 1965 c. 75.

to the provision of additional or improved services or furniture or the carrying out of an improvement.

(4) In subsection (3) above " the controlled rent " means the rent payable for the last rental period beginning before the order referred to in subsection (1) above comes into operation; and in ascertaining for the purposes of subsection (3) above the amount of the rent payable for any rental period, any amount payable in respect of rates borne by the landlord or a superior landlord shall be disregarded.

(5) A protected or statutory tenancy to which this section applies shall be disregarded for the purposes of section 20(3) above in determining the contractual rent limit under any subsequent regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house in question.

28. —(1) The provisions of this section apply where, by virtue of paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 to this Act, a statutory tenancy which is a controlled tenancy is, on the death of the statutory tenant, followed by a statutory tenancy which is a regulated tenancy.

(2) In relation to any rental period of the statutory tenancy which is a regulated tenancy, sections 22 to 25 above shall have effect as if references therein to the last contractual period were references to the last rental period beginning before the death referred to in subsection (1) above.

(3) The statutory tenancy which is a regulated tenancy shall be disregarded for the purposes of section 20(3)(a) above in determining the contractual rent limit under any subsequent regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house in question.

29. —(1) The provisions of this section apply in relation to a regulated tenancy of a dwelling-house which is a statutory tenancy subsisting under section 4 of the Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act 1955 (under which licensees of previously requisitioned property became statutory tenants of the owners) and which, by virtue of section 10(1) of the Rent Act 1965, fell to be treated as a regulated tenancy after 31st March 1966.

(2) In relation to any rental period of a regulated tenancy to which this section applies, sections 22 to 25 above shall have effect as if—

(a) references therein to the last contractual period were

references to the last rental period beginning before 31st March 1966, and

(b) the rent recoverable for that last rental period had in-

cluded any sum payable for that period by the local authority to the landlord under section 4(4) of the said Act of 1955 (which provided for payments to make

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

489

up the difference between the rent actually paid and the Part m amount which would normally have been recoverable).

(3) A regulated tenancy to which this section applies shall be disregarded for the purposes of section 20(3)(a) above in determining the contractual rent limit under any subsequent regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house in question.

30. —(1) A regulated tenancy of a dwelling-house commencing Certain (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) while regulated there is in operation a condition imposed under any of the ^nancies to enactments specified in subsection (2) below (which impose deteraSSng rent limits on tenancies of subsidised private houses) shall be contractual disregarded for the purposes of section 20(3)(a) above in rent limit, determining the contractual rent limit under any subsequent regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house.

(2) The enactments referred to in subsection (1) above are:—

(a) section 2 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1924 c. 35.

1924;

(b) section 3 of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act 1926; 1926 c. 56.

(c) section 3 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1938 c. 16.

1938 or section 46(1) of the Housing (Financial Provi- 1958 c. 42. sions) Act 1958;

(d) section 23 of the Housing Act 1949; and 1949 c. 60.

(e) section 3 of the Housing Act 1952 or section 104(3) of 1952 c. 53.

the Housing Act 1957. 1957 c. 56.

(3) A statutory tenancy deemed to arise by virtue of section

20(2) of the Rent Act 1965 (transitional provisions applicable 1965 c. 75. to tenancies ending before commencement of that Act) shall be disregarded for the purposes of section 20(3)(a) above in determining the contractual rent limit under any subsequent regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house in question.

Grant-aided improvements and streetworks

31. Where, in respect of an improvement,— Grant-aided

(a) a grant has been made under section 30 of the Housing improvements.

(Financial Provisions) Act 1958 (improvement grants), section 4 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 c. 33. 1959 (standard grants) or section 15 of the Airports 1965 c. 16. Authority Act 1965 (grants towards cost of soundproofing). or

(b) a repayment has been made under section 12 of the

Clean Air Act 1956 (adaptation of fireplaces in private 1956 c. 52. dwellings),

the reference in section 21(5) or, as the case may be, section 25(1) above to the amount expended on the improvement shall be construed as a reference to that amount diminished by the amount of the grant or repayment.

Q*

490

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part in

Private street works to count as improvements.

1959 c. 25.

Recovery from landlord of sums paid in excess of recoverable rent, etc.

32. —(1) The following provisions of this section apply where any dwelling-house which is the subject of a regulated tenancy has access to a street on which works have been carried out under—

(a) section 174, section 189 or section 190 of the Highways Act 1959 (which provide for certain authorities to execute street works in accordance with the Codes of 1875 and 1892), or

(b) the corresponding provisions of any local act

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the amount—

(a) of any expenditure incurred after 7th December 1965

by the landlord or a superior landlord in the carrying out of the works in question, or

(b) of any liability incurred after that date by the landlord

or a superior landlord in respect of those works to the authority by whom they were carried out, shall be treated (whether or not apart from this section it would be so treated) as expenditure incurred by the landlord or superior landlord on an improvement effected in the dwelling-house.

(3) Subsection (2 )(b)above applies whether the liability mentioned in that subsection is dischargeable in a lump sum or by instalments, but for the purposes of this section interest shall be excluded in determining the amount of any liability which is dischargeable by instalments.

(4) If benefit accrues from the carrying out of the works not only to the dwelling-house but also to other premises of the landlord or superior landlord, then for the purposes of this section the amount to be treated as expenditure on an improvement effected in the dwelling-house shall be so much only of the expenditure or liability as may be determined by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or by the county court.

(5) For the purposes of this section, the amount of any expenditure shall be treated as diminished by the amount of any contribution made in respect of that expenditure under any enactment.

(6) No application may be made under section 25(3) above in relation to an increase authorised by virtue of this section.

Enforcement provisions

33. —(1) Where a tenant has paid on account of rent any amount which, by virtue of this Part of this Act, is irrecoverable by the landlord, then, subject to subsection (3) below, the tenant who paid it shall be entitled to recover that amount from the landlord who received it or his personal representatives.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

491

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any amount which a Part III tenant is entitled to recover under subsection (1) above may, without prejudice to any other method of recovery, be deducted

by the tenant from any rent payable by him to die landlord.

(3) No amount which a tenant is entided to recover under subsection (1) above shall be recoverable at any time after the expiry of two years from the date of payment

(4) Any person who, in any rent book or similar document makes an entry showing or purporting to show any tenant as being in arrears in respect of any sum on account of rent which is irrecoverable by virtue of this Part of this Act shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50, unless he proves that, at the time of the making of the entry, the landlord had a bona fide claim that the sum was recoverable.

(5) If, where any such entry has been made by or on behalf of any landlord, the landlord on being requested by or on behalf of the tenant to do so, refuses or neglects to cause the entry to be deleted within seven days, the landlord shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50, unless he proves that, at the time of the neglect or refusal to cause the entry to be deleted, he had a bona fide claim that the sum was recoverable.

34. Where, in any proceedings, the recoverable rent of a Rectification dwelling-house subject to a regulated tenancy is determined by of rent books a court, then, on the application of the tenant (whether in those d^e^nation or in any subsequent proceedings) the court may call for Gf recoverable the production of the rent book or any similar document rent, relating to the dwelling-house and may direct the registrar or

clerk of the court to correct any entries showing, or purporting to show, the tenant as being in arrears in respect of any sum which the court has determined to be irrecoverable.

35. —(1) Where the rent payable for a contractual period of a Duty of regulated tenancy is subject to the contractual rent limit specified landlord

in paragraph (a) of section 20(3) of this Act, the landlord shall, statement of on being so requested in writing by the tenant (whether during rent under a contractual or a statutory period of the tenancy) supply him with previous a statement in writing of the rent which was payable for the last tenancy, rental period of the other regulated tenancy referred to in that paragraph.

(2) If, without reasonable excuse, a landlord who has received such a request as is referred to in subsection (1) above—

(i a))fails to supply the statement referred to in that paragraph within twenty-one days of receiving the request, or

(b) supplies a statement which is false in any material particular,

Q* 2

492

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part in

Adjustment for differences in lengths of rental periods.

Regulations.

Interpretation of Part IE.

he shall be liable on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 and, on a second or subsequent conviction, to a fine not exceeding £100.

(3) Where an offence under this section committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager or secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

General provisions

36. In ascertaining for the purposes of this Part of this Act whether there is any difference with respect to rents or rates between one rental period and another (whether of the same tenancy or not) or the amount of any such difference, any necessary adjustment shall be made to take account of periods of different lengths; and for the purposes of such an adjustment a period of one month shall be treated as equivalent to one-twelfth of a year and a period of a week as equivalent to one-fifty-second of a year.

37. —(1) The Minister may make regulations—

(a) prescribing the form of any notice or other document to

be given or used in pursuance of this Part of this Act; and

(b) prescribing anything required or authorised to be pre-

scribed by this Part of this Act.

(2) Any such regulations shall be made by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

38. —(1) In this Part of this Act—

" contractual period " means a rental period of a regulated tenancy which is a period beginning before the expiry or termination of the protected tenancy;

" contractual rent limit " has the meaning assigned to it by section 20(1) of this Act;

" improvement " includes structural alteration, extension or addition and the provision of additional fixtures or fittings, but does not include anything done by way of decoration or repair;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under section 37 above, and references to a prescribed form include references to a form substantially to the same effect as the prescribed form;

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

493

" rates " includes water rates and charges but does not include an owner’s drainage rate as defined in section 24(2)(a) of the Land Drainage Act 1930;

" recoverable rent " means rent which, under a regulated tenancy, is or was for the time being recoverable, having regard to the provisions of this Part of this Act; " rental period " means a period in respect of which a payment of rent falls to be made;

" statutory period " means any rental period of a regulated tenancy which is not a contractual period.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to rates, in respect of a dwelling-house, include references to such proportion of any rates in respect of a hereditament of which die dwelling-house forms part as may be agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court.

Part IV

Registration of Rents under Regulated Tenancies

39. —(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3) below, the registration areas for the purposes of this Part of this Act are the areas of the following local authorities, that is to say, the councils of counties, county boroughs and London Boroughs and the Common Council of the City of London.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the area of the Common Council of the City of London shall be deemed to include the Inner Temple and the Middle Temple.

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the Isles of Scilly shall be a registration area and the Council of the Isles of Scilly shall be the local authority for that registration area.

40. —(1) The Minister shall for every registration area make, after consultation with the local authority, a scheme providing for the appointment by the clerk to the local authority of such number of rent officers for the area as may be determined by or in accordance with the scheme and of deputy rent officers to exercise the functions of rent officers when rent officers are absent or incapacitated.

(2) A scheme under this section—

(a) shall provide for the payment by the local authority to

rent officers and deputy rent officers of remuneration and allowances in accordance with scales approved by the Minister with the consent of the Treasury;

(b) shall prohibit the dismissal of a rent officer or deputy

rent officer except by the clerk to the local authority on the direction or with the consent of the Minister;

Q* 3

Part III 1930 c. 44

Registration

areas.

Schemes for appointment of rent officers.

494

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part IV

1937 c. 68.

1965 c. 51. 1965 c. 52.

1965 c. 75.

Default powers of Minister.

(c) shall require the local authority to provide for the rent

officers office accommodation and clerical and other assistance;

(d) shall allocate, or confer on the clerk to the local authority the duty of allocating, work as between the rent officers and shall confer on the clerk the duty of supervising the conduct of rent officers and deputy rent officers.

(3) For the purposes of the Local Government Superannuation Act 1937 and any local Act scheme within the meaning of that Act rent officers and deputy rent officers appointed in pursuance of a scheme under this section shall be deemed to be officers in the employment of the local authority for whose area the scheme is made, and for the purposes of the National Insurance Act 1965 and the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 they shall be deemed to be in that employment under a contract of service.

(4) References in this Part of this Act to the rent officer are references to any rent officer appointed for any area who is authorised to act in accordance with a scheme under this section.

(5) A scheme under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent scheme made thereunder.

(6) Where different days were appointed for different parts of a registration area under section 21 of the Rent Act 1965 (which provided for the making of orders bringing into operation Part II of that Act, corresponding to this Part of this Act) a scheme under this section may be a separate scheme for such a part, and the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect, in relation to a scheme made for part of a registration area, as if references therein to the registration area were references to that part.

(7) The Minister shall, in respect of each financial year, make to any local authority incurring expenditure which is attributable to this section a grant equal to that expenditure.

41.—(1) If the Minister is of opinion that a local authority have failed to carry out any function conferred on them by a scheme under section 40 above he may, after such enquiry as he thinks fit, by order revoke the scheme and, without consulting the local authority, make another scheme under that section.

(2) A scheme made by virtue of subsection (1) above may confer functions otherwise exercisable by the local authority or the clerk to the local authority on a person appointed by the Minister and that person may, if another local authority consent*

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

495

be that other local authority or, as the case may be, the clerk to Part IV that other local authority.

(3) If the Minister is of opinion that the clerk to the local authority has failed to carry out any functions conferred on the clerk by a scheme under section 40 above he may (after consultation with the local authority) exercise his power under subsection (5) of that section by making a scheme providing for all or any of the functions otherwise exercisable by the clerk to be exercised by some other person.

(4) A scheme made by virtue of this section may contain such incidental and transitional provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient.

42. Rent assessment committees shall be constituted in accord- Rent

ance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act assessment

committees.

43. —(1) The rent officer for any area shall prepare and keep Register up to date a register for the purposes of this Part of this Act of remand shall make die register available for inspection in such place

or places and in such manner as may be provided by the scheme made for the area under section 40 above.

(2) The register shall contain. In addition to the rent payable under a regulated tenancy of a dwelling-house—

(i a))the prescribed particulars with regard to the tenancy; and

(b) a specification of the dwelling-house.

(3) A copy of an entry in the register certified under the hand of the rent officer or any person duly authorised by him shall be receivable in evidence in any court and in any proceedings.

(4) A person requiring such a certified copy shall be entitled to obtain it on payment of the prescribed fee.

44. —(1) An application for the registration of a rent for a Applications dwelling-house may be made to the rent officer by the landlord for registration or the tenant, or jointly by the landlord and the tenant, under a of rent8> regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house.

(2) Any such application must be in the prescribed form and contain the prescribed particulars in addition to the rent which it is sought to register.

(3) Where a rent for a dwelling-house has been registered under this Act no application by the tenant alone or by the landlord alone for the registration of a different rent for that dwelling-house shall be entertained before the expiry of three

Q* 4

496

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part IV

1924 c. 35.

1926 c. 56.

1938 c. 16. 1958 c. 42.

1957 c. 56.

Certificates of fair rent.

years from the relevant date (as defined in subsection (4) below) except on the ground that, since that date, there has been such a change in the condition of the dwelling-house (including the making of any improvement therein), the terms of the tenancy or any other circumstances taken into consideration when the rent was registered or confirmed as to make the registered rent no longer a fair rent

(4) In this section and the next following section " the relevant date", in relation to a rent which has been registered under this Part of this Act means the following date, that is to say,—

(a) where on an application for the registration of a

different rent the registered rent has been confirmed, the date of that application or, if there was more than one such application, the date of the last of them; and

(b) in any other case, the date on which the registration

of rent took effect.

(5) No application for the registration of a rent for a dwelling-house shall be entertained at a time when there is in operation, with respect to that dwelling-house, a condition relating to rent imposed under any of the following enactments, that is to say,—

(a) section 2 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act

1924;

(b) section 3 of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act 1926;

(c) section 3 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act

1938 or section 46(1) of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958; or

(d) section 104(3) of the Housing Act 1957.

(6) Subject to sections 45(4) and 49(3) below, the provisions of Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the procedure to be followed on applications for the registration of rents.

45.—(1) A person intending—

(a) to provide a dwelling-house by the erection or conversion

of any premises or to make any improvements in a dwelling-house, or

(b) to let on a regulated tenancy a dwelling-house which

is not for the time being subject to such a tenancy and which satisfies the condition either that no rent for it is registered under this Part of this Act or that

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

497

a rent is so registered but not less than three years Part^IV have elapsed since the relevant date (as defined in section 44(4) above), may apply to the rent officer for a certificate, to be known as a certificate of fair rent, specifying a rent which, in the opinion of the rent officer, would be a fair rent under a regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house or, as the case may be, of the dwelling-house after the erection or conversion or after the completion of the improvements.

(2) The regulated tenancy to which the application for the certificate of fair rent relates shall be assumed to be a tenancy on such terms as may be specified in the application and, except in so far as other terms are so specified, on the terms that the tenant would be liable for internal decorative repairs, but no others, and that no services or furniture would be provided for him.

(3) The provisions of Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect with respect to applications for certificates of fair rent

(4) Subject to section 44(5) above, where a certificate of fair rent has been issued in respect of a dwelling-house, an application for the registration of a rent for the dwelling-house in accordance with the certificate may be made within three years of the date of the certificate either,—

(a) by the landlord under such a regulated tenancy of the

dwelling-house as is specified in the certificate; or

(b) by a person intending to grant such a regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house;

and, in lieu of the provisions of Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act, the provisions of Part II of that Schedule shall have effect with respect to an application so made.

46.—(1) In determining for the purposes of this Part of this Determination Act what rent is or would be a fair rent under a regulated of fair re111-tenancy of a dwelling-house, regard shall be had, subject to the following provisions of this section, to all the circumstances (other than personal circumstances) and in particular to the age, character and locality of the dwelling-house and to its state of repair.

(2) For the purposes of the determination it shall be assumed that the number of persons seeking to become tenants of similar dwelling-houses in the locality on the terms (other than those relating to rent) of the regulated tenancy is not substantially greater than the number of such dwelling-houses in the locality which are available for letting on such terms.

498

Ch. 23

Rent Act

Part IV

Amount to be registered as rent.

Effect of registration of rent.

(3) There shall be disregarded—

(a) any disrepair or other defect attributable to a failure

by the tenant under the regulated tenancy or any predecessor in title of his to comply with any terms thereof, and

(b) any improvement carried out, otherwise than in pur-

suance of the terms of the tenancy, by the tenant under the regulated tenancy or any predecessor in title of his.

47. —(1) The amount to be registered as the rent of any dwelling-house shall include any sums payable by the tenant to the landlord for the use of furniture or for services, whether or not those sums are separate from the sums payable for the occupation of the dwelling-house or are payable under separate agreements.

(2) Where any rates in respect of a dwelling-house are borne by the landlord or a superior landlord, the amount to be registered under this Part of tins Act as the rent of the dwelling-house shall be the same as if the rates were not so borne; but the fact that they are so borne shall be noted on the register.

(3) Where subsection (2) above applies, the amount of the rates for any rental period, ascertained in accordance with Schedule 4 to this Act,—

(a) shall be added to the limit imposed by section 20(2)

of this Act; and

(b) if the rental period is a statutory period, as defined

in section 38 of this Act, shall be recoverable, without service of any notice of increase, in addition to the sums recoverable from the tenant apart from this subsection.

(4) Where, under a regulated tenancy, the sums payable by the tenant to the landlord include any sums varying according to the cost from time to time of any services provided by the landlord or a superior landlord or of any works of maintenance or repair carried out by the landlord or a superior landlord, the amount to be registered under this Part of this Act as rent may, if the rent officer is satisfied or, as the case may be, the rent assessment committee are satisfied, that the terms as to the variation are reasonable, be entered as an amount variable in accordance with those terms.

48. —(1) The registration of any rent for a dwelling-house shall take effect as from the date of the application unless the rent officer or, as the case may be, the rent assessment committee determine that it shall take effect as from a later date.

Rent Act 1968 Ch. 23

(2) The date from which the registration takes effect shall be entered in the register and as from that date any previous registration of a rent for the dwelling-house shall cease to have effect

(3) Where a valid notice of increase under any provision of Part III of this Act has been served on a tenant and, in consequence of the registration of a rent part but not the whole of the increase specified in the notice becomes irrecoverable from the tenant the registration shall not invalidate the notice, but the notice shall, as from the date from which the registration takes effect have effect as if it specified such part only of the increase as has not become irrecoverable.

49. —(1) The provisions of this section apply where a condition Dwelling-relating to rent has been imposed with respect to a dwelling- houses house under section 33 of the Housing (Financial Provisions)

Act 1958 (conditions appropriate to improvement grants) or authority under that section as extended by section 7 of the House Purchase ce. and Housing Act 1959 (application of conditions in relation to 1958 c. 42. standard grants). 1959 c’ 33*

(2) If no rent for the dwelling-house is registered under this Part of this Act, no application for the registration of such a rent shall be entertained while the condition in question is in operation.

(3) If a rent for the dwelling-house different from the limit imposed by the condition in question is registered under this Part of this Act, Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act shall not apply in relation to an application for the registration of a rent equal to that limit made by the landlord under a regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house, but on an application so made the rent officer shall register that rent.

(4) If the limit imposed by the condition in question includes an amount in respect of any rates borne or to be borne by the landlord or a superior landlord, that limit shall be treated for the purposes of this section as reduced by that amount

50. —(1) The Minister may make regulations— Regulations.

(a) prescribing the form of any notice, application, register

or other document to be given, made or used in pursuance of this Part of this Act;

(b) regulating the procedure to be followed by rent officers

and rent assessment committees; and

(c) prescribing anything required or authorised to be pre-

scribed by this Part of this Act

(2) Regulations under subsection (l)(b) above may contain provisions modifying section 44, section 45, section 48, or section

499

Part IV

500

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part IV

Interpretation of Part IV.

1930 c. 44.

Rent limit for

controlled

tenancies.

49 of this Act or Schedule 6 or Schedule V thereto; but no regulations containing such provisions shall have effect unless approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament

(3) Regulations made under this section shall be made by statutory instrument which, except in a case falling within subsection (2) above, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

51.—(1) In this Part of this Act—

"improvement" includes structural alteration, extension or addition and the provision of additional fixtures or fittings, but does not include anything done by way of decoration or repair;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under section 50 above, and references to a prescribed form include references to a form substantially to the same effect as the prescribed form;

"rates" includes water rates and charges but does not include an owner’s drainage rate as defined in section 24(2)(a) of the Land Drainage Act 1930; and

"rental period" means a period in respect of which a payment of rent falls to be made.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to rates, in respect of a dwelling-house, include references to such proportion of any rates in respect of a hereditament of which the dwelling-house forms part as may be agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court.

Part V

Rents under Controlled Tenancies The rent limit

52.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act, the rent recoverable for any rental period from the tenant under a controlled tenancy shall not exceed the following limit, that is to say, a rent of which the annual rate is equal to the aggregate of—

(a) the 1956 gross value of the dwelling, determined in

accordance with Schedule 8 to this Act and multiplied by the appropriate factor;

(b) the annual amount, ascertained in accordance with

Schedule 4 to this Act, of any rates for the basic rental period, being rates borne by the landlord or a superior landlord; and

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

501

(c) such annual amount as may have been (or may be) Part V agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court to be a reasonable charge for any services for the tenant provided by the landlord or a superior landlord during the basic rental period or for any furniture which, under the terms of the tenancy, the tenant was (or is) entitled to use during that period.

(2) The appropriate factor referred to in subsection (l)(a) above shall be determined as follows,—

(a) in any case where the responsibility for repairs is as

specified in Part I of Schedule 9 to this Act, the appropriate factor shall be that specified in that Part of that Schedule, and

(b) in any other case, the appropriate factor shall be two.

(3) The limit on the rent recoverable under a controlled tenancy for any rental period (in the following provisions of this Part of this Act referred to as "the rent limit") shall be subject to adjustment from time to time under sections 54 to 56 below and to reductions as provided by Part II of Schedule 9 to this Act in case of disrepair.

(4) Where under a controlled tenancy current on 6th July 1957, the rent recoverable for the basic rental period exceeded what would have been the rent limit for that period if ascertained under subsection (1) above, then, subject to subsection

(3) above, the rent limit shall be the rent recoverable for that period.

Revision of rent and rent limits

53.—(1) If the rent for the time being recoverable under a Procedure for controlled tenancy is less than the rent limit it may be increased increasing up to that limit subject to and in accordance with the following rents* provisions of this section.

(2) Subject to the provisions of Part II of Schedule 9 to this Act and to the following provisions of this section, the rent may be increased as mentioned in subsection (1) above by the service by the landlord on the tenant of a notice of increase in the prescribed form specifying the amount of the increase; but—

(a) the increase shall not have effect with respect to any rental periods beginning before such date as may be specified in the notice which, except in a case authorised by section 54(2) or section 56(4) below, shall be a date not earlier than three months after the service of the notice; and

502

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part V

1957 c. 56.

1936 c. 49.

Adjustment with respect to rates borne by landlord.

(b) the total of the increases which may be specified in any notice or notices of increase as taking effect less than nine months after service of the first notice (excluding any increases which, under section 54(3) or section 56(4) below, are to be disregarded) shall not exceed seven shillings and sixpence per week, but a notice may specify more than one date and amount

(3) Except in so far as may be necessary for giving effect to an adjustment under section 54 or section 56 below, a notice of increase shall be of no effect if given at a time when—

(a) the dwelling is within a clearance area under the

Housing Act 1957 or is or forms part of premises with respect to which a demolition order or closing order under that Act has been made and has not ceased to be in force; or

(b) works of repair remain unexecuted which were

required to be executed—

(i) by an order relating to the dwelling made under section 94 of the Public Health Act 1936 (nuisance orders where local authority abatement notices are disregarded) against the landlord or any person receiving rent as agent for the landlord; or

(ii) by a notice relating to the dwelling given to the landlord or any such person under section 9 of the Housing Act 1957 (notices to repair houses unfit for human habitation).

(4) Except in so far as may be necessary for giving effect to an adjustment under section 54 or section 56 below, if the date specified in a notice of increase in accordance with subsection (2)(a) above falls at a time when the condition specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (3) above is fulfilled, no increase shall be recoverable by virtue of the notice for any rental period beginning at any such time.

(5) Where the landlord is a body corporate incorporated outside the United Kingdom, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of Part III of Schedule 9 to this Act.

54.—(1) Where any rates in respect of the dwelling are borne by the landlord or a superior landlord, then, for any rental period for which the amount of the rates, ascertained in accordance with Schedule 4 to this Act, differs from the amount, so ascertained, of the rates for the basic rental period.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

503

the rent limit shall be increased or decreased by the amount Part V of the difference.

(2) In so far as a notice of increase relates to an increase of rent authorised by this section, the date specified in the notice may be any date not earlier than six weeks before the service of the notice and, if it is earlier than the service of the notice, any rent underpaid shall become due on the day after the service of the notice.

(3) Any increase of rent authorised by this section shall be disregarded for the purposes of paragraph (b) of section 53(2) above.

55, —(1) Where, for any rental period, there is with respect Adjustment

to— with respect

to services

(a) the provision of services for the tenant by the landlord furniture, or a superior landlord, or

(b) the use of furniture by the tenant under the terms of

the tenancy,

or any circumstances relating thereto any difference, in comparison with the basic rental period, such as to affect the amount of the rent which it is reasonable to charge, the rent limit shall be increased or decreased by an appropriate amount.

(2) Where, for any rental period, the rent limit is increased by an appropriate amount under subsection (1) above, the rent for that period shall, notwithstanding anything in section 53 above and without the service of any notice, be increased by the like amount.

(3) Any question whether, or by what amount, the rent limit is increased or decreased by virtue of subsection (1) above shall be determined by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or by the county court; and any such determination—

(a) may be made so as to relate to past rental periods;

and

(b) shall have effect with respect to rental periods subsequent to the periods to which it relates until revoked or varied by any such agreement as is referred to in this subsection or by the county court.

56. —(1) If an improvement has been effected in a dwelling increase for and the improvement was completed after 5th July 1957 then, improvements, subject to section 57 below, the rent limit under any controlled tenancy of the dwelling for rental periods beginning

after the completion of the improvement shall be increased by the appropriate percentage per annum of the amount expended

504

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part V

Grant-aided

improvements,

etc.

1949 c. 60.

1958 c. 42.

1959 c. 33. 1965 c. 16.

on the improvement by the landlord or any superior landlord or any person from whom the landlord or any superior landlord derives title.

(2) The appropriate percentage referred to in subsection (1) above shall be determined as follows, that is to say:—

(a) if the improvement was completed before 24th November 1961, the appropriate percentage is 8 per cent.; and

(b) if the improvement was completed on or after that date then, subject to subsection (3) below, the appropriate percentage is 12| per cent.

(3) If an improvement completed on or after 24th November 1961 was carried out in reliance on a consent granted before that date by a tenant under the controlled tenancy, the appropriate percentage referred to in subsection (1) above is 8 per cent., and not 12$ per cent., unless the consent was in writing and contained an acknowledgement (however expressed) that the rent could be increased on account of the improvement to a stated amount which was at least the maximum of the rent limit as it would then have been if increased, in accordance with subsection (1) above, on the basis that the appropriate percentage was 12$ per cent

(4) In so far as a notice of increase relates to an increase of rent authorised by this section, the date specified in the notice may be any date after the service of the notice, and any such increase shall be disregarded for the purposes of paragraph (b) of section 53(2) above.

(5) Where in pursuance of a proposal made on the ground of a change in the occupier or circumstances of occupation, the gross value which, under Schedule 8 to this Act, is material in determining die 1956 gross value of a dwelling in which an improvement has been effected has been varied so as to take account of the state of the dwelling at a date after 5th July 1957, then, in relation to that dwelling, a reference to that date shall be substituted for the reference in subsection (1) above to 5th July 1957.

57.—(1) Where, in respect of an improvement,—

(a) a grant has been made under section 20 of the Housing Act 1949 or section 30 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 (improvement grants), section 4 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 (standard grants) or section 15 of the Airports Authority Act 1965 (grants towards cost of sound-proofing), or

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

505

(b) a repayment has been made under section 12 of the Part V Clean Air Act 1956 (adaptation of fireplaces in private 1956 c. 52. dwellings),

the reference in section 56(1) above to the amount expended on the improvement shall be construed as a reference to that amount diminished by the amount of the grant or repayment.

(2) Where an improvement is effected in a dwelling in compliance with an immediate improvement notice or a final improvement notice within the meaning of Part II of the Housing Act 1964 (compulsory improvement of dwellings to 1964 c. 56. provide standard amenities) or in compliance with an undertaking accepted under that Part of that Act, and

(a) the landlord, or a predecessor in title of the landlord, is the person who expended money on the improvement, and

(b) a standard grant under section 4 of the House Purchase 1959 c. 33. and Housing Act 1959 in respect of the improvement, although obtainable, has not been obtained,

the reference in section 56(1) above to the amount expended on the improvement shall be construed as a reference to that amount diminished by the amount of the standard grant which could have been obtained in respect of the improvement.

(3) In a case falling within subsection (2) above, the local authority in whose district the dwelling is situated shall, at the request in writing of the landlord or the tenant, give him an estimate in writing of what the amount of the standard grant would have been if it had been obtained.

(4) In any proceedings relating to an increase of rent authorised by section 56 above in a case falling within subsection (2) above, it shall be assumed, until the contrary is proved, that a standard grant was obtainable in respect of the improvement and, for the purposes of any such proceedings, an estimate under subsection (3) above shall be sufficient evidence of what the amount of that grant would have been.

(5) In this section " local authority " means the council of a county borough, London borough, county district or the Common Council of the City of London.

58.—(1) The following provisions of this section apply where Private street

a dwelling which is the subject of a controlled tenancy has works to

access to a street on which works have been carried out under— 9ount 88

improvements,

(a) section 174, section 189 or section 190 of the Highways 1959 c. 25. Act 1959 (which provide for certain authorities to

506

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part V

Tenant’s right to challenge amount of expenditure on

improvements.

execute street works in accordance with the Codes of 1875 and 1892), or

(b) the corresponding provisions of any local Act

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the amount—

(a) of any expenditure incurred after 5th July 1957 by the

landlord or a superior landlord in the carrying out of the works in question, or

(b) of any liability incurred after that date by the landlord

or a superior landlord in respect of those works to the authority by whom they were carried out,

shall be treated (whether or not apart from this section it would be so treated) as expenditure incurred by the landlord or superior landlord on an improvement as mentioned in section 56(1) above.

(3) Subsection (2 )(b)above applies whether the liability mentioned in that subsection is dischargeable in a lump sum or by instalments, but, for the purposes of this section, interest shall be excluded in determining the amount of any liability which is dischargeable by instalments.

(4) If benefit accrues from the carrying out of the works not only to the dwelling but also to other premises of the landlord or superior landlord, the amount to be treated as mentioned in subsection (2) above shall be so much only of the expenditure or liability as may be determined, by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or by the county court, to be properly apportionable to the dwelling, having regard to the benefit accruing, from the carrying out of the works, to the dwelling and to the other premises.

(5) Any apportionment made by the county court under subsection (4) above shall be final and conclusive.

(6) For the purposes of this section the amount of any expenditure shall be treated as diminished by the amount of any contribution paid in respect of that expenditure under any enactment.

59.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a tenant on whom a notice specifying an increase authorised by section 56 above is served may, not later than one month after the service of the notice or such longer time as the court may allow, apply to the county court for an order cancelling or reducing the increase on the ground that the improvement in question was unnecessary or that a greater amount was expended on it than was reasonable, and the court may make an order

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

507

accordingly which may relate not only to future but also to past Part V rental periods.

(2) No application shall be made under this section on the ground that an improvement was unnecessary if—

(a) any such grant as is referred to in section 57(l)(u) above

has been made in respect of the improvement; or

(b) a tenant under the controlled tenancy consented in

writing to the improvement and the consent contained an acknowledgment (however expressed) that the rent could be increased on account of the improvement.

(3) No application shall be made under this section in relation to any increase authorised by virtue of section 58 above.

60.—(1) Neither a notice of increase nor section 55 above Variations of shall operate to increase the rent under a controlled tenancy for rentt<^18 any rental period which begins at a time when the controlled J^mcies. tenancy is a protected tenancy, except in so far as may be consistent with the terms of the tenancy.

(2) Where a notice of increase is served during the currency of a protected tenancy which could, by a notice to quit served by the landlord at the same time, be brought to an end before the date or the earliest date specified in the notice of increase, the notice of increase shall operate to convert the protected tenancy into a statutory tenancy as from that date.

(3) If, in the case of a controlled tenancy which was current on 6th July 1957,—

(a) the basic rental period began at a time when the con-

trolled tenancy was a protected tenancy, and

(b) the rent recoverable for the basic rental period included

an increase agreed or determined under section 40 of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954 (increase 1954 c. 53 for rise in cost of services provided under pre-1939 lettings) in respect of services which the landlord was not under the terms of the tenancy liable to provide,

then, if those services are withheld in whole or in part during any rental period beginning during the currency of the protected tenancy, the rent recoverable for that period shall be decreased by an appropriate amount.

(4) Any question whether, or by what amount, the recoverable rent is decreased by virtue of subsection (3) above shall be determined by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or by the county court; and any such determination—

(a) may be made so as to relate to past rental periods; and

508

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part V

Errors and misrepresentations in notices of increase.

Recovery from landlord of sums paid in excess of recoverable rent, etc.

(b) shall have effect with respect to rental periods subsequent to the periods to which it relates until revoked or varied by any such agreement as is referred to in this subsection or by the county court.

(5) Subject to subsections (3) and (4) above, nothing in this Part of this Act shall affect the operation of any lease or agreement in so far as it provides for a reduction of rent during the currency of a protected tenancy.

61,—(1) If the county court is satisfied that any error or omission in a notice of increase is due to a bona fide mistake on the part of the landlord, the court may by order amend the notice by correcting any errors or supplying any omission therein which, if not corrected or supplied, would render the notice invalid and, if the court so directs, the notice as so amended shall have effect and be deemed to have had effect as a valid notice.

(2) Any such amendment of a notice of increase may be made on such terms and conditions with respect to arrears of rent or otherwise as appear to the court to be just and reasonable.

(3) No increase of rent which becomes payable by reason of an amendment of a notice of increase under subsection (1) above shall be recoverable in respect of any rental period which ended more than six months before the date of the order making the amendment

(4) If a notice of increase contains any statement or representation which is false or misleading in any material respect the landlord shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50 unless he proves that the statement was made innocently and without intent to deceive.

Enforcement provisions

62.—(1) Where a tenant has paid on account of rent any amount which, by virtue of this Part of this Act is irrecoverable by the landlord, then, subject to subsection (3) below, the tenant who paid it shall be entitled to recover that amount from the landlord who received it or his personal representatives.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any amount which a tenant is entitled to recover under subsection (1) above may, without prejudice to any other method of recovery, be deducted by the tenant from any rent payable by him to the landlord.

(3) No amount which a tenant is entitled to recover under subsection (1) above shall be recoverable at any time after the expiry of two years from the date of payment.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

509

(4) Any person who, in any rent book or similar document. Part V makes an entry showing or purporting to show any tenant as

being in arrears in respect of any sum on account of rent which is irrecoverable by virtue of this Part of this Act shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50, unless he proves that, at the time of the making of the entry, the landlord had a bona fide claim that the sum was recoverable.

(5) If, where any such entry has been made by or on behalf of any landlord, the landlord, on being requested by or on behalf of the tenant to do so, refuses or neglects to cause the entry to be deleted within seven days, the landlord shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50, unless he proves that, at the time of the neglect or refusal to cause the entry to be deleted, he had a bona fide claim that the sum was recoverable.

63.—(1) Where, in any proceedings for possession, in such Determination circumstances as are specified in Case 9 in Schedule 3 to this by court of Act, of a dwelling-house subject to a controlled tenancy— rent of sublet

(a) the sublet part in question is subject to a controlled part of

tenancy, and dwelling-house

(b) it appears to the court that no determination of the

recoverable rent of the sublet part has previously been tenancy.

made by the county court, the court shall make such a determination, whether or not an order is made for possession of the dwelling-house.

(2) The provisions of subsection (3) below apply where the county court has determined the recoverable rent of a dwelling-house which is subject to a controlled tenancy and is itself a sublet part of another dwelling-house subject to a controlled tenancy (in this section referred to as the " superior tenancy ").

(3) If, after the determination referred to in subsection (2) above, die rent charged by the tenant under the superior tenancy for the sublet part is in excess of the recoverable rent of that part, the tenant shall be guilty of an offence under this section unless he proves—

(a) that he did not know and could not by reasonable

inquiry have ascertained that the rent charged by him

was in excess of the recoverable rent; or

(b) that the excess was solely due to an accidental miscal-

culation.

(4) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £100.

64. Where, in any proceedings, the recoverable rent of a Rectification dwelling-house subject to a controlled tenancy is determined by a rent books court, then, on the application of the tenant (whether in those ® Hsht of or in any subsequent proceedings) the court may call for the ^v^rable production of the rent book or any similar document relating to rent.

510

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part V

Service of notices, etc.

Regulations.

the dwelling-house and may direct the registrar or clerk of the court to correct any entries showing, or purporting to show, the tenant as being in arrears in respect of any sum which the court has determined to be irrecoverable.

General provisions

65. —(1) Any notice, certificate or other document required or authorised to be served under this Part of this Act may be served either—

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served,

or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode

of that person, or

(c) by sending it by the recorded delivery service or by

registered post in a prepaid letter addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode, or

(d) in the case of an incorporated company or body, by delivering it to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at their registered or principal office or sending it, by the recorded delivery service or by registered post, in a prepaid letter addressed to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at that office, or

(e) if it is not practicable after reasonable inquiry to ascertain the name or address of an owner, lessee or occupier of land on whom it should be served, by addressing it to him by the description of " owner " or " lessee " or "occupier" of the premises (naming them) to which it relates, and by delivering it to some person on the premises or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it can be delivered, by affixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) above, that subsection shall apply to the service, by virtue of section 109 of this Act, of any notice, certificate or other document as is mentioned in subsection (1) above on an agent of the landlord or a person receiving the rent.

66. —(1) The Minister may make regulations prescribing forms for notices, certificates and other documents required or authorised under this Part of this Act and requiring such notices, certificates and documents to contain such information as may be specified in the regulations.

(2) Any such regulations shall be made by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

511

€7«—(1) In this Part of this Act, except in so far as the Part V context otherwise requires,— Interpretation

" appropriate factor " means the number by which the 1956 of *v* gross value is to be multiplied in determining the rent limit;

" basic rental period " means the rental period comprising 6th July 1957 or, in the case of a controlled tenancy beginning after that date, the first rental period of the tenancy;

" dwelling " means, in relation to a controlled tenancy, the aggregate of the premises comprised in the tenancy;

"improvement" includes structural alteration, extension or addition and the provision of additional fixtures or fittings but does not include anything done by way of decoration or repair;

"notice of increase" means a notice of increase under section 53 of this Act;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under section 66 above, and references to a prescribed form include references to a form substantially to the same effect as the prescribed form;

"rates" includes water rents and charges but does not include an owner's drainage rate as defined in section 24 (2) (a) of the Land Drainage Act 1930; 1930 c. 44.

" recoverable rent " means rent which, under a controlled tenancy, is or was for the time being recoverable, having regard to the provisions of this Part of this Act;

"rental period" means a period in respect of which a payment of rent falls to be made;

" the rent limit " has the meaning assigned to it by section 52(3) of this Act;

" tenant ", in relation to a landlord, and " sub-tenant ", in relation to a tenant, mean respectively immediate tenant and immediate sub-tenant;

" 1956 gross value ", in relation to a dwelling, means that value as determined in accordance with Schedule 8 to this Act.

(2) Any reference in this Part of this Act to rent does not include any sums recoverable as rent under section 16 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1927 (which enables landlords to 1927 c. 36. recover as rent sums in respect of increases in taxes, rates or fire premiums ascribable to improvements made by tenants), other than—

(a) sums so recoverable in respect of increases in rates, or

le

512

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part V 1949 c. 40.

Operation of Part VI.

1946 c. 34.

Rent

tribunals.

(b) sums referable to improvements executed by the tenant

before 1st April 1956, or

(c) sums referable to improvements executed by him after

that date but affecting the 1956 gross value by reason of a proposal made before 1st April 1957.

(3) In determining the amount of any rent for the purposes of this Part of this Act, no account shall be taken of any deduction falling to be made under Schedule 1 to the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act 1949 (which provided in certain cases for the recovery of premiums by deduction from rent and the operation of which is preserved by Schedule 16 to this Act.)

(4) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, references in this Part of this Act to rates, in respect of a dwelling, include references to such proportion of any rates in respect of a hereditament of which the dwelling forms part as may be agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court; and any apportionment of rates made by the county court for the purposes of this Part of this Act shall be final and conclusive.

Part VI Furnished Lettings Application of Part VI

68. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, this Part of this Act shall have effect in each of the districts (consisting of the whole or part of the area of a local authority and together comprising die areas of all the local authorities in England and Wales) in which the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act 1946 was in force immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(2) The Minister may by order under this section direct that such part of a district in which this Part of this Act has effect as is specified in the order shall be excepted therefrom and be a separate district in which this Part of this Act has effect

(3) The power to make an order under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

69. —(1) For each district in which this Part of this Act has effect there shall be a tribunal (in this Part of this Act referred to as a "rent tribunal") but, if the Minister so directs, the same tribunal may act for more than one district

(2) The provisions of Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect with respect to rent tribunals.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

513

70.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Part VI this Part of this Act applies to a contract, whether entered into part VI before or after the commencement of this Act, whereby one contracts, person grants to another person, in consideration of a rent which includes payment for the use of furniture or for services, the right to occupy as a residence a dwelling to which this Part of this Act applies and which is situated in a district in which this Part of this Act has effect

(2) Subject to subsections (3) and (4) below, a contract falling within subsection (1) above and relating to a dwelling which consists of only part of a house is a contract to which this Part of this Act applies whether or not the lessee is entitled, in addition to exclusive occupation of that part to the use in common with any other person of other rooms or accommodation in the house.

(3) This Part of this Act does not apply—

(a) to a contract under which the interest of the lessor

belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster or to the Duchy of Cornwall, or to a government department, or is held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department; nor

(b) to a contract for the letting of any premises at a rent

which includes payment in respect of board if the value of the board to the lessee forms a substantial proportion of the whole rent; nor

(c) to a contract which creates a regulated tenancy.

(4) If, immediately before the revocation of Regulation 68CB of the Defence (General) Regulations 1939, accommodation was registered for the purposes of that regulation and was let in accordance with the terms and conditions so registered, nothing in this Part of this Act applies to any contract for the letting of the accommodation so long as any letting continues under which the accommodation was let in accordance with the terms and conditions on which it was let immediately before the revocation.

(5) No right to occupy a dwelling for a holiday shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as a right to occupy it as a residence.

(6) A contract to which this Part of this Act applies is, in the following provisions of this Part of this Act, referred to as a " Part VI contract ".

R

514

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part VI

Dwellings to which Part VI applies.

Reference of contracts to rent tribunals and obtaining by them of information.

71.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section this Part of this Act applies to any dwelling which has or had* on the appropriate day* a rateable value not exceeding—

(a) if it is in Greater London* £400* or

(b) if it is elsewhere* £200.

(2) The Minister may by order under this section provide that* as from such date as may be specified in the order, this Part of this Act shall not apply to a dwelling the rateable value of which on such day as may be specified in the order exceeds such amount as may be so specified.

(3) An order under this section—

(a) may be made so as to relate to the whole of England

and Wales or to such area in England and Wales as may be specified in the order* and so as to apply generally or only to, or except to, such classes or descriptions of dwellings as may be specified in the order; and

(b) may contain such transitional provisions as appear to

the Minister to be desirable.

(4) The power to make an order under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and no such order shall have effect unless it is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Control of rents

72.—(1) Either the lessor or the lessee under a Part VI contract or the local authority may refer the contract to the rent tribunal for the district in question.

(2) Where a Part VI contract is referred to a rent tribunal under subsection (1) above they may, by notice in writing served on the lessor* require him to give to them, within such period (which shall not be less than seven days from the date of the service of the notice) as may be specified in the notice* such information as they may reasonably require regarding such of the prescribed particulars relating to the contract as are specified in the notice.

(3) If, within the period specified in a notice under subsection (2) above, the lessor fails without reasonable cause to comply with the provisions of the notice he shall be liable on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 and on a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(4) Proceedings for an offence under this section shall not be instituted otherwise than by the local authority.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

515

73.—(1) Where a Part VI contract is referred to a rent Part VI tribunal and the reference is not, before the tribunal have entered Powers of rent upon consideration of it, withdrawn by the party or authority who made it, the tribunal shall consider it and then, after contracts, making such inquiry as they think fit and giving to each party to the contract and, if the dwelling is one the general management whereof is vested in and exercisable by a housing authority, to that authority, an opportunity of being heard or, at his or their option, of submitting representations in writing, the tribunal, subject to subsections (2) and (3) below,—

(a) shall approve the rent payable under the contract, or

(b) shall reduce the rent to such sum as they may, in all the circumstances, think reasonable, or

(c) may, if they think fit in all the circumstances, dismiss

the reference,

and shall notify the parties and the local authority of their decision.

(2) On the reference of a Part VI contract relating to a dwelling for which a rent is registered under Part IV of this Act, the rent tribunal may not reduce the rent payable under the contract below the amount which would be recoverable from the tenant under a regulated tenancy of the dwelling.

(3) Where, on the reference of a Part VI contract under which the rent includes payments for services, the rent tribunal are of opinion that it would be proper that the rent payable for the dwelling should include an amount in respect of any increase since 3rd September 1939 in the cost of providing those services, and are also of opinion that in all the circumstances a rent higher than the rent payable under the contract might properly be chargeable for the dwelling in order to include an amount in respect of that increase, the rent tribunal may approve a rent higher by not more than such amount as they think reasonable in that respect

(4) An approval, reduction or increase under this section may be limited to rent payable in respect of a particular period.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Act, a rent tribunal shall not be required to entertain a reference made otherwise than by the local authority if they are satisfied, having regard to the length of time elapsing since a previous reference made by the same party or to other circumstances, that die reference is frivolous or vexatious.

(6) In subsection (1) above, "housing authority" means a council which is a local authority for the purposes of Part V

of the Housing Act 1957. 1957 c. 56.

516

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part VI Register of rents under Part VI contracts.

Reconsideration of rent after

registration.

Effect of registration of rent.

74. —(1) The local authority shall prepare and keep up to date a register for the purposes of this Part of this Act and shall make the register available for inspection in such place or places and in such manner as the Minister may direct

(2) The register shall be so prepared and kept up to date as to contain, with regard to any contract relating to a dwelling situated in the area of the local authority and under which a rent is payable which has been approved, reduced or increased under section 73 above, entries of—

(a) the prescribed particulars with regard to the contract;

(b) a specification of the dwelling to which the contract

relates; and

(c) the rent as approved, reduced or increased by the rent

tribunal, and, in a case in which the approval, reduction or increase is limited to rent payable in respect of a particular period, a specification of that period.

(3) It shall be the duty of the rent tribunal when, under section 73(1) above, they notify the local authority of their decision in a case, to furnish to the local authority such particulars as are requisite for enabling them to discharge their functions under the preceding provisions of this section.

(4) A copy of an entry in the register certified under the hand of an officer duly authorised in that behalf by the local authority shall be receivable in evidence in any court and in any proceedings.

(5) A person requiring such a certified copy shall be entitled to obtain it on payment of the prescribed fee.

75. —(1) Where the rent payable for any dwelling has been entered in the register under section 74 above, the lessor or the lessee or the local authority may refer the case to the rent tribunal for reconsideration of the rent so entered on the ground of change of circumstances.

(2) In its application to a reference under subsection (1) above, section 73 above shall have effect with the modification that die rent tribunal shall have power under subsection (1) of that section to increase the rent payable.

76. —(1) Where the rent payable for any dwelling is entered in the register under section 74 above, it shall not be lawful to require or receive on account of rent for that dwelling under a Part VI contract payment of any amount in excess of the rent so registered in respect of any period subsequent to the date of the entry or, where a particular period is specified in the register, in respect of that period.

(2) Where any payment has been made or received in contravention of this section, the amount of the excess shall be recoverable by the person by whom it was paid.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

517

(3) Any person who requires or receives any payment in Part VI contravention of this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £100 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or both, and, without prejudice to any other method of recovery, the court by which a person is found guilty of an

offence under this subsection may order the amount paid in excess to be repaid to the person by whom the payment was made.

(4) Proceedings for an offence under this section shall not be instituted otherwise than by the local authority.

Security of tenure

77. —(1) If, after a Part VI contract has been referred to a Notice to quit rent tribunal by the lessee or the local authority under section served after 72 or section 75 above, a notice to quit the dwelling to

which the contract relates is served by the lessor on the lessee at any time before the decision of the tribunal is given tribunal, or within the period of six months thereafter, then, subject to subsection (2) and sections 79 and 80 below, the notice shall not take effect before the expiry of that period.

(2) In a case falling within subsection (1) above,—

(a) the rent tribunal may, if they think fit, direct that a

shorter period shall be substituted for the period of six months specified in that subsection; and

(b) if the reference to the rent tribunal is withdrawn, the

period during which the notice to quit is not to take effect shall end on the expiry of seven days from the withdrawal of the reference.

78. —(1) Subject to sections 79 and 80(3) below, where— Application

(a) a notice to quit a dwelling the subject of a Part VI fQrtribun

contract has been served, and of

(b) the Part VI contract has been referred to a rent tribunal where notice

under section 72 or section 75 above (whether before is or after the service of the notice to quit) and thescrvcd-reference has not been withdrawn, and

(c) the rent tribunal has not given a direction under section

77(2 )(a)above, and

(d) the period at the end of which the notice to quit takes effect (whether by virtue of the contract, of section 77 above or of this section) has not expired,

the lessee may apply to the rent tribunal for the extension of

the period referred to in paragraph (d) above.

(2) Where an application is made under this section, the notice to quit to which the application relates shall not have

Rent Act 1968

518

Part VI

Notices to quit saved by owner-occupiers.

Reduction of period of notice on account of lessee’s default.

Ch. 23

effect before the determination of the application unless the application is withdrawn.

(3) On an application under this section, the rent tribunal, after making such inquiry as they think fit and giving to each party an opportunity of being heard or, at his option, of submitting representations in writing, may direct that the notice to quit shall not have effect until the end of such period, not exceeding six months from the date on which the notice to quit would have effect apart from the direction, as may be specified in the direction.

(4) If the rent tribunal refuse to give a direction under this section,—

(a) the notice to quit shall not have effect before the expiry

of seven days from the determination of the application; and

(b) no subsequent application under this section shall be

made in relation to the same notice to quit

(5) On coming to a determination on an application under this section, the rent tribunal shall notify the parties of their determination.

79. Where a person who has occupied a dwelling as a residence (in this section referred to as " the owner-occupier "> has, by virtue of a Part VI contract, granted the right to occupy the dwelling to another person and—

(a) at or before the time when the right was granted (or,

if it was granted before 8th December 1965, not later than 7th June 1966) the owner-occupier has given notice in writing to that other person that he is the owner-occupier within the meaning of this section, and

(b) if the dwelling is part of a house, the owner-occupier

does not occupy any other part of the house as his residence,

neither section 77 nor section 78 above shall apply where a notice to quit the dwelling is served if, at the time the notice is to take effect, the dwelling is required as a residence for the owner-occupier or any member of his family who resided with him when he last occupied the dwelling as a residence.

80. —(1) The provisions of this section apply where a Part VI contract has been referred to a rent tribunal and the period at the end of which a notice to quit will take effect has been determined by section 77 above or extended under section 78 above.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

519

(2) If, in a case where this section applies, it appears to the Part VI rent tribunal, on an application made by the lessor for a direction

under this section,—

(a) that the lessee has not complied with the terms of the

contract, or

(b) that the lessee or any person residing or lodging with

him has been guilty of conduct which is a nuisance or annoyance to adjoining occupiers or has been convicted of using the dwelling, or allowing the dwelling to be used, for an immoral or illegal purpose, or

(c) that the condition of the dwelling has deteriorated owing

to any act or neglect of the lessee or any person residing or lodging with him,

the rent tribunal may direct that the period referred to in subsection (1) above shall be reduced so as to end at a date specified in the direction.

(3) No application may be made under section 78 above with respect to a notice to quit if a direction has been given under this section reducing the period at the end of which the notice is to take effect

Miscellaneous and general

81. Where a Part VI contract is referred to a rent under this Part of this Act and—

tribunal Jurisdiction of rent tribunals.

(a) the contract relates to a dwelling consisting of or com prising part only of a hereditament and

(b) no apportionment of the rateable value of the hereditament has been made under section 6 of this Act

then, unless the lessor in the course of the proceedings requires that such an apportionment shall be made and, within two weeks of making the requirement brings proceedings in the county court for the making of the apportionment the rent tribunal shall have jurisdiction to deal with the reference if it appears to them that had the apportionment been made, they would have had jurisdiction.

82.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the local Local authority shall be— for Parfvi

(a) in a county borough, London borough or county district the council of the borough or district in question; and

(b) in the City of London, the Common Council.

le

520

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part VI

Regulations.

Interpretation of Part VI.

(2) The powers of the local authority under this Part of this Act may, if the local authority so resolve, be exercised by one of their officers appointed by them for the purpose.

(3) The local authority shall have power to publish informa* tion regarding the provisions of this Part of this Act.

83. The Minister of Housing and Local Government may by statutory instrument make regulations—

(a) with regard to the tenure of office of chairmen and

other members of rent tribunals;

(b) with regard to proceedings before rent tribunals under

this Part of this Act;

(c) for prescribing anything which is required by (his Part

of this Act to be prescribed; and

(d) generally for carrying into effect the provisions of this

Part of this Act

84,—(1) In this Part of this Act unless the context other* wise requires,—

" dwelling " means a house or part of a house;

"lessee" means the person to whom is granted, under a Part VI contract the right to occupy the dwelling in question as a residence and any person directly or indirectly deriving title from the grantee;

"lessor" means the person who, under a Part VI contract, grants to another the right to occupy the dwelling in question as a residence and any person directly or indirectly deriving title from the grantor;

" register " means the register kept by the local authority in pursuance of section 74 above;

" rent tribunal " has the meaning assigned to it by section 69(1) above;

"services" includes attendance, the provision of heating or lighting, the supply of hot water and any other privilege or facility connected with the occupancy of a dwelling, other than a privilege or facility requisite for the purposes of access, cold water supply or sanitary accommodation.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to a party to a contract include references to any person directly or indirectly deriving title from such a party.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

521

(3) Where separate sums are payable by the lessee of any Part VI dwelling to the lessor for any two or more of the following, namely,—

(i a)occupation of the dwelling,

(b) use of furniture, and

(c) services,

any reference in this Part of this Act to "rent" in relation to that dwelling is a reference to the aggregate of those sums and, where those sums are payable under separate contracts, those contracts shall be deemed to be one contract.

Part VII Premiums, etc.

85.—(1) Any person who, as a condition of the grant, renewal Prohibition or continuance of a protected tenancy, requires, in addition to of premiums the rent, the payment of any premium or the making of any Sn graSt^>f loan (whether secured or unsecured) shall be guilty of an offence protected under this section. tenancies.

(2) Any person who, in connection with the grant, renewal or continuance of a protected tenancy, receives any premium in addition to the rent shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

(3) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £100.

(4) The court by which a person is convicted of an offence under this section relating to requiring or receiving any premium may order the amount of the premium to be repaid to the person by whom it was paid.

86.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Prohibition any person who. as a condition of the assignment of a protected of premiums tenancy, requires the payment of any premium or the making of *"4 loan* on any loan (whether secured or unsecured) shall be guilty of an ^fp^Stected offence under this section. tenancies.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any person who, in connection with the assignment of a protected tenancy, receives any premium shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsections (1) and (2) above, an assignor of a protected tenancy of a dwelling-house

R*

522

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part vn may, if apart from this section he would be entitled to do so, require the payment by the assignee or receive from the assignee a payment—

(a) of so much of any outgoings discharged by the assignor

as is referable to any period after the assignment takes effect;

(b) of a sum not exceeding the amount of any expenditure

reasonably incurred by the assignor in carrying out any structural alteration of the dwelling-house or in providing or improving fixtures therein, being fixtures which, as against the landlord, he is not entitled to remove;

(c) where the assignor became a tenant of the dwelling-

house by virtue of an assignment of the protected tenancy, of a sum not exceeding any reasonable amount paid by him to his assignor in respect of expenditure incurred by that assignor, or by any previous assignor of the tenancy, in carrying out any such alteration or in providing or improving any such fixtures as are mentioned in paragraph (b) above; or

(d) where part of the dwelling-house is used as a shop or

office, or for business, trade or professional purposes, of a reasonable amount in respect of any goodwill of the business, trade or profession, being goodwill transferred to the assignee in connection with the assignment or accruing to him in consequence thereof.

(4) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, the assignor shall not be guilty of an offence under this section by reason only that—

(a) any payment of outgoings required or received by him

on die assignment was a payment of outgoings referable to a period before the assignment took effect; or

(b) any expenditure which he incurred in carrying out

structural alterations of the dwelling-house or in providing or improving fixtures therein and in respect of which he required or received the payment of any sum on the assignment was not reasonably incurred; or

(c) any amount paid by him as mentioned in subsection

(3)(c) above was not a reasonable amount; or

(d) any amount which he required to be paid, or which he

received, on the assignment in respect of goodwill was not a reasonable amount

(5) Notwithstanding anything in subsections (1) and (2) above, the provisions of Schedule 11 to this Act shall have

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

523

effect in relation to the assignment of protected tenancies which Part vn are regulated tenancies in cases where a premium was lawfully required or received at the commencement of the tenancy.

(6) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £100.

(7) The court by which a person is convicted of an offence under this section relating to requiring or receiving any premium may order the amount of the premium, or so much of it as cannot lawfully be required or received under this section (including any amount which, by virtue of subsection (4) above, does not give rise to an offence) to be repaid to the person by whom it was paid.

87.—(1) The provisions of this section apply in relation to Prohibition

any premises if of premiums

on grant or

(a) under Part VI of this Act, a rent is registered for those assignment

premises in the register kept in pursuance of section of furnished 74 of this Act; and lettings.

(b) in a case where the approval, reduction or increase of

the rent by the rent tribunal is limited to rent payable in respect of a particular period, that period has not expired.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any person who, as a condition of the grant, renewal, continuance or assignment of rights under a Part VI contract, requires the payment of any premium shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

(3) Nothing in subsection (2) above shall prevent a person from requiring—

(a) that there shall be paid so much of any outgoings

discharged by a grantor or assignor as is referable to any period after the grant or assignment takes effect; or

(b) that there shall be paid a reasonable amount in respect of goodwill of a business, trade, or profession, where the goodwill is transferred to a grantee or assignee in connection with the grant or assignment or accrues to him in consequence thereof.

(4) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £100.

(5) The court by which a person is convicted of an offence under this section may order the amount of the premium, or so much of it as cannot lawfully be required under this section, to be repaid to the person by whom it was paid.

R* 2

524

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part VII Excessive price for furniture to be treated as premium.

88. Where the purchase of any furniture has been required as a condition of the grant, renewal, continuance or assignment— (a) of a protected tenancy, or,

(b) of rights under a Part VI contract which relates to premises falling within section 87(1) above,

then, if the price exceeds the reasonable price of the furniture, the excess shall be treated, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, as if it were a premium required to be paid as a condition of the grant, renewal, continuance or assignment of the protected tenancy or, as the case may be, the rights under the Part VI contract.

Punishment of attempts to obtain from prospective tenants excessive prices for furniture.

89.—(1) Any person who, in connection with the proposed grant, renewal, continuance or assignment, on terms which require the purchase of furniture, of a protected tenancy—

(a) offers the furniture at a price which he knows or ought to know is unreasonably high, or otherwise seeks to obtain such a price for the furniture, or

(b) fails to furnish, to any person seeking to obtain or retain accommodation whom he provides with particulars of the tenancy, a written inventory of the furniture, specifying the price sought for each item,

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £100.

(2) Where a local authority have reasonable grounds for suspecting that an offence under subsection (l)(a) above has been committed with respect to a protected tenancy or proposed protected tenancy of a dwelling-house, they may give notice to the person entitled to possession of the dwelling-house or his agent that, on such date as may be specified in the notice, which shall not be earlier than twenty-four hours after the giving of the notice or, if the dwelling-house is unoccupied, than the expiry of such period after the giving of the notice as may be reasonable in the circumstances, facilities will be required for entry to the dwelling-house and inspection of the furniture therein.

(3) A notice under this section may be given by post

(4) Where a notice is given under this section, any person authorised by the local authority may avail himself of any facilities for such entry and inspection as are referred to in subsection (2) above which are provided on the specified date but shall, if so required, produce some duly authenticated document showing that he is authorised by the local authority.

(5) If it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace, on sworn information in writing, that a person required to give facilities under this section has failed to give them, the justice

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

525

may, by warrant under his hand, empower the local authority. Part vn by any person authorised by them, to enter the dwelling-house in question, if need be by force, and inspect the furniture therein.

(6) A person empowered by or under the preceding provisions of this section to enter a dwelling-house may take with him such other persons as may be necessary and, if the dwelling-house is unoccupied, shall leave it as effectively secured against trespassers as he found it

(7) Any person who wilfully obstructs a person acting in pursuance of a warrant issued under subsection (5) above shall be liable on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding £20 and, on a second or subsequent conviction, to a fine not exceeding £50.

(8) A local authority shall have power to publish information, for the assistance of persons offering or seeking tenancies, as to the operation of this section.

(9) In this section " local authority " means the council of a county borough, London borough, or county district or the Common Council of the City of London.

90.—(1) Where under any agreement (whether made before Recovery or after die commencement of this Act) any premium is paid of premiums after the commencement of this Act and the whole or any !^l55|L part of that premium could not lawfully be required or

or received under the preceding provisions of this Part of this received. Act, the amount of the premium or, as the case may be, so much of it as could not lawfully be required or received, shall be recoverable by the person by whom it was paid.

(2) Nothing in section 85 or section 86 above shall invalidate any agreement for the making of a loan or any security issued in pursuance of such an agreement but, notwithstanding anything in the agreement for the loan, any sum lent in circumstances involving a contravention of either of those sections shall be repayable to the lender on demand.

91.—(1) Where a protected tenancy which is a regulated Avoidance of tenancy is granted, continued or renewed, any requirement that requirements rent shall be payable—

(a) before the beginning of the rental period in respect of of rent in which it is payable, or certain cases.

(b) earlier than six months before the end of the rental period in respect of which it is payable (if that period is more than six months).

shall be void, whether the requirement is imposed as a condition of the grant, renewal or continuance of the tenancy or under the terms thereof; and any requirement avoided by this section is, in the following provisions of this section, referred to as a " prohibited requirement *\

R* 3

526

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part VII

Interpretation of Part VII.

(2) Rent for any rental period to which a prohibited requirement relates shall be irrecoverable from the tenant

(3) Any person who purports to impose any prohibited requirement shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £100, and the court by which he is convicted may order any amount of rent paid in compliance with the prohibited requirement to be repaid to the person by whom it was paid.

(4) Where a tenant has paid on account of rent any amount which, by virtue of this section is irrecoverable, then, subject to subsection (6) below, the tenant shall be entitled to recover that amount from the landlord who received it or his personal representatives.

(5) Subject to subsection (6) below, any amount which a tenant is entitled to recover under subsection (4) above may, without prejudice to any other method of recovery, be deducted by the tenant from any rent payable by him to the landlord.

(6) No amount which a tenant is entitled to recover under subsection (4) above shall be recoverable at any time after the expiry of two years from the date of payment

(7) Any person who, in any rent book or similar document makes an entry showing or purporting to show any tenant as being in arrears in respect of any sum on account of rent which is irrecoverable by virtue of this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50, unless he proves that at the time of the making of the entry, the landlord had a bona fide claim that the sum was recoverable.

(8) If, where any such entry has been made by or on behalf of any landlord, the landlord, on being requested by or on behalf of the tenant to do so, refuses or neglects to cause die entry to be deleted within seven days, the landlord shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50, unless he proves that, at the time of the neglect or refusal to cause the entry to be deleted, he had a bona fide claim that the sum was recoverable.

92.—(1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,—

44 furniture " includes fittings and other articles;

44 Part VI contract " has the same meaning as in Part VI of this Act;

"premium" includes any fine or other like sum and any other pecuniary consideration in addition to rent; and

"rental period" means a period in respect of which a payment of rent falls to be made.

(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in this Part of this Act shall render any amount recoverable more than once.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

527

Part VIII

Mortgages

93.—(1) Subject to subsection (4) below, the mortgages with Mortgages to which this Part of this Act is concerned are mortgages which— which

(a) were created before 8th December 1965; and applies

(b) are either controlled mortgages or regulated mortgages

as hereinafter defined.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, a mortgage is a controlled mortgage at any time when, had this Act not been passed, it would have been a mortgage to which the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920 c. 17. 1920 would have applied (whether by virtue of the modifications

of that Act effected by Schedule 1 to the Rent and Mortgage 1939 c. 71. Restrictions Act 1939 or otherwise).

(3) Any reference in this Part of this Act to a regulated mortgage shall be construed in accordance with section 94 below.

(4) If on 28th November 1967 land consisting of or including a dwelling-house was subject to a long tenancy which became a regulated tenancy on that date by virtue of section 39

of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967, then sections 94 and 95 1967 c. 88. below shall have effect as if in relation to that land the reference in subsection (l)(a) above to 8th December 1965 were a reference to 28th November 1967.

94.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, a mortgage which Regulated falls within section 93(l)(cr) above but which is not a controlled mortgages, mortgage is a regulated mortgage if—

(a) it is a legal mortgage of land consisting of or including

a dwelling-house which is let on or subject to a regulated tenancy; and

(b) the regulated tenancy is binding on the mortgagee.

(2) Notwithstanding that a mortgage falls within subsection (1) above, it is not a regulated mortgage if—

(a) the rateable value on the appropriate day of the dwelling-

house which falls within subsection (l)(a) above, or if there is more than one such dwelling-house comprised in the mortgage, the aggregate of the rateable values of those dwelling-houses on the appropriate day, is less than one-tenth of the rateable value on the appropriate day of the whole of the land comprised in the mortgage; or

(b) the mortgagor is in breach of covenant, but for this

purpose a breach of the covenant for the repayment of the principal money otherwise than by instalments shall be disregarded.

R* 4

528

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part Vm

Powers of court to mitigate hardship to mortgagors under regulated mortgages.

(3) In this section " legal mortgage " includes a charge by way of legal mortgage.

95.—(1) The powers of the court under this section relate only to regulated mortgages, and those powers become exercisable in relation to such a mortgage only on an application made by the mortgagor within twenty-one days, or such longer time as the court may allow, after the occurrence of one of the following events, that is to say,—

(a) the rate of interest payable in respect of the mortgage

is increased; or

(b) a rent for a dwelling-house comprised in the mortgage

is registered under Part IV of this Act and the rent so registered is lower than the rent which was payable immediately before the registration; or

(c) the mortgagee, not being a mortgagee who was in pos-

session on 8th December 1965, demands payment of the principal money secured by the mortgage or takes any steps for exercising any right of foreclosure or sale or for otherwise enforcing his security.

(2) If the court is satisfied on any such application as is referred to in subsection (1) above that, by reason of the event in question and of the operation of this Act the mortgagor would suffer severe financial hardship unless relief were given under this section, the court may by order make such provision limiting the rate of interest, extending the time for the repayment of the principal money or otherwise varying the terms of the mortgage or imposing any limitation or condition on the exercise of any right or remedy in respect thereof, as the court thinks appropriate.

(3) Where the court makes an order under subsection (2) above in relation to a mortgage which comprises other land as well as a dwelling-house or dwelling-houses subject to a .regulated tenancy the order may, if the mortgagee so requests, make provision for apportioning the money secured by die mortgage between that other land and the dwelling-house or dwelling-houses.

(4) Where such an apportionment is made as is referred to in subsection (3) above, the other provisions of the order made by the court shall not apply in relation to the other land referred to in that subsection and the money secured by the other land, and the mortgage shall have effect for all purposes as two separate mortgages of the apportioned parts.

(5) Where the court has made an order under this section it may vary or revoke it by a subsequent order.

(6) The court for the purposes of this section is a county court, except that where an application under subsection (1) above is made in pursuance of any step taken by the mortgagee

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

529

in the High Court or the Court of Chancery of the County Part vm Palatine of Lancaster or the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, it is that court.

96*—(1) The provisions of Part I of Schedule 12 to this Act Restrictions shall have effect with respect to the interest rate on controlled to

mortgages, and the provisons of Part H of that Schedule shall and

have effect, subject to subsection (2) below, with respect to the mitigation enforcement of the mortgagee’s rights and remedies tinder a thereof, controlled mortgage.

(2) Where the mortgagee under a controlled mortgage satisfies the county court that greater hardship would be caused if the restrictions imposed on the exercise of the mortgagee’s rights and remedies by Part H of Schedule 12 to this Act continued to apply to the mortgage than if they were removed or modified, the court may by order allow him to exercise such of those rights and remedies as may be specified in the order, on such terms and conditions as may be so specified.

(3) Where the county court has made an order under this section it may vary or revoke it by a subsequent order.

97. —(1) Where a controlled mortgage comprises other land Apportionment as well as a dwelling-house or dwelling-houses to which, im- of ^?ntrolled mediately before the commencement of this Act, the Increase of "JJ"88®* Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920 applied,1920 c* 17‘ the mortgagee may apportion the principal money secured by

the mortgage between that other land and the dwelling-house or dwelling-houses by giving one month’s notice in writing to the mortgagor, stating the particulars of the apportionment

(2) At any time before the expiry of a month’s notice given under subsection (1) above the mortgagor may dispute the amounts apportioned by the notice and, in default of agreement, the apportionment of the principal money secured by the mortgage shall be determined by a single arbitrator appointed by the President of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.

(3) Where a notice is given under subsection (1) above then, as from the expiry of the month’s notice, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall cease to apply to the mortgage in question so far as it relates to the other land referred to in subsection (1) above and the money secured by the other land, and the mortgage shall have effect for all purposes as two separate mortgages of the apportioned parts.

98. —(1) Where a mortgagor under a controlled mortgage has Recovery of

paid on account of mortgage interest any amount which, by sums in virtue of Schedule 12 to this Act, is irrecoverable by the CXCCS? °|L mortgagee then, subject to subsection (3) below, the mortgagor £f™erest * who paid it shall be entitled to recover that amount from the under mortgagee who received it or his personal representatives. controlled

mortgage.

530

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part vm

Interpretation of Part Vm.

1925 a 21.

Release from rent regulation.

Provisions where tenant shares

accommodation with landlord.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any amount which a mortgagor is entitled to recover under subsection (1) above may, without prejudice to any other method of recovery, be deducted by the mortgagor from any mortgage interest payable by him to the mortgagee.

(3) No amount which a mortgagor is entitled to recover under subsection (1) above shall be recoverable at any time after the expiry of two years from the date of payment

99. In this Part of this Act—

(a) the expressions " mortgagee " and " mortgagor " include

any person from time to time deriving title under the original mortgagee or mortgagor; and

(b) the expressions Mlegal mortgage*’, in relation to regulated mortgages, and " mortgage ", in relation to controlled mortgages, include any charge registered under the Land Registration Act 1925.

Part IX Miscellaneous and General Release from regulation

100. —(1) Where the Minister is satisfied with respect to every part of any area that the number of persons seeking to become tenants therein) of dwelling-houses exceeding a specified rateable value,

or

(b) of any class or description of dwelling-house or of dwelling-house exceeding a specified rateable value,

is not substantially greater than the number of such dwelling-houses in that part, he may by order provide that no such dwelling-house in the area shall be the subject of a regulated tenancy.

(2) An order under this section may contain such transitional provisions, including provisions to avoid or mitigate hardship, as appear to the Minister to be desirable.

(3) The power to make an order under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and no such order shall have effect unless it is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Shared accommodation

101. Where under any contract—

(a) a tenant has the exclusive occupation of any accom-

modation, and

(b) the terms on which he holds the accommodation in-

clude the use of other accommodation in common

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

531

with his landlord or in common with his landlord and Part DC other persons, and

(c) by reason only of the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (b) above, die accommodation referred to in paragraph (a) above is not a dwelling-house let on a protected tenancy.

Part VI of this Act shall apply to the contract notwithstanding that the rent does not include payment for the use of furniture or for services.

102,—(1) Where a tenant has the exclusive occupation of Provisions any accommodation (in this section referred to as " the separate where tenant accommodation "> and acSSmoda-

(a) the terms as between the tenant and his landlord on11011 t. which he holds the separate accommodation include ^ons ° the use of other accommodation (in this section re-landlord, ferred to as " the shared accommodation ") in common with another person or other persons, not being or including the landlord, and

(b) by reason only of the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (a) above, the separate accommodation would not, apart from this section, be a dwelling-house let on or subject to a protected or statutory tenancy.

the separate accommodation shall be deemed to be a dwelling-house let on a protected tenancy or, as the case may be, subject to a statutory tenancy and the following provisions of this section shall have effect

(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that where, for the purpose of determining the rateable value of the separate accommodation, it is necessary to make an apportionment under this Act regard is to be had to the circumstances mentioned in subsection (l)(u) above.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) below, while the tenant is in possession of the separate accommodation (whether as a protected or statutory tenant), any term or condition of the contract of tenancy terminating or modifying, or providing for the termination or modification of, his right to the use of any of the shared accommodation which is living accommodation shall be of no effect.

(4) Where the terms and conditions of the contract of tenancy are such that at any time during the tenancy the persons in common with whom the tenant is entitled to the use of the shared accommodation could be varied, or their number could be

532

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part IX increased, nothing in subsection (3) above shall prevent those terms and conditions from having effect so far as they relate to any such variation or increase.

(5) Subject to subsection (6) below and without prejudice to the enforcement of any order made thereunder, while the tenant is in possession of the separate accommodation, no order shall be made for possession of any of the shared accommodation, whether on the application of the immediate landlord of the tenant or on the application of any person under whom that landlord derives title, unless a like order has been made, or is made at the same time, in respect of the separate accommodation; and the provisions of section 10(1) of this Act shall apply accordingly.

(6) On the application of the landlord, the county court may make such order, either terminating the right of the tenant to use the whole or any part of the shared accommodation other than living accommodation, or modifying his right to use the whole or any part of the shared accommodation, whether by varying the persons or increasing the number of persons entitled to the use of that accommodation, or otherwise, as the court thinks just:

Provided that no order shall be made under this subsection so as to effect any termination or modification of the rights of the tenant which, apart from subsection (3) above, could not be effected by or under the terms of the contract of tenancy.

(7) In this section the expression "living accommodation*’ means accommodation of such a nature that the fact that it constitutes or is included in the shared accommodation is (or, if the tenancy has ended, was) sufficient, apart from this section, to prevent the tenancy from constituting a protected tenancy of a dwelling-house.

Sublettings

Certain 103.—(1) Where the tenant of any premises, consisting of a

sublettings not house or part of a house, has sublet a part, but not the whole, oartofisiS>ny of A1® premises, then, as against his landlord or any superior lessor’s landlord, no part of the premises shall be treated as not being premises from a dwelling-house let on or subject to a protected or statutory protection^ tenancy by reason only that—

under the Act. the terms on which any person claiming under the tenant holds any part of the premises include the use of accommodation in common with other persons; or

(b) part of the premises is let to any such person at a rent which includes payments in respect of board, attendance or use of furniture.

Rent Act

Ch. 23

533

(2) Nothing in this section affects the rights against, and Part DC liabilities to, each other of the tenant and any person claiming under him, or of any two such persons.

104. —(1) If the tenant of a dwelling-house let on or subject Obligation

to a protected or statutory tenancy sublets any part of the Qf

dwelling-house on a protected tenancy, then, subject to sub- dweSng^ section (2) below, he shall within fourteen days after the sub- houses let on letting supply the landlord with a statement in writing of the or subject to subletting giving particulars of occupancy, including the rent or

charged-

(2) Subsection (1) above shall not require the supply of a statement in relation to a subletting of any part of a dwelling-house if the particulars which would be required to be included in the statement as to the rent and other conditions of the subtenancy would be the same as in the last statement supplied in accordance with that subsection with respect to a previous subletting of that part

(3) A tenant who is required to supply a statement in accordance with subsection (1) above and who, without reasonable excuse,—

(u) fails to supply a statement or

(b) supplies a statement which is false in any material particular,

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £10.

Jurisdiction and procedure

105. —(1) A county court shall have jurisdiction, either in the County court course of any proceedings relating to a dwelling or on an jurisdiction, application made for the purpose by the landlord or the tenant

to determine any question—

(a) as to whether a tenancy is a protected tenancy or

whether any person is a statutory tenant of a dwelling-house, or whether a mortgage is a controlled mortgage within the meaning of Part VIII of this Act; or

(b) as to the rent limit; or

(c) as to the rent actually recoverable under a controlled

tenancy; or

(d) as to the application of Part VI of this Act to a contract;

or as to any matter which is or may become material for determining any such question.

(2) In subsection (1) above " dwelling " and 44 the rent limit " have, in relation to a controlled tenancy, the same meanings as in Part V of this Act

(3) A county court shall have jurisdiction to deal with any claim or other proceedings arising out of any of the provisions

534

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part IX of this Act specified in subsection (5) below, notwithstanding that by reason of the amount of the claim or otherwise the case would not, apart from this subsection, be within the jurisdiction of a county court

(4) If, under any of the provisions of this Act specified in subsection (5) below, a person takes proceedings in the High Court which he could have taken in the county court he shall not be entitled to recover any costs.

(5) The provisions referred to in subsections (3) and (4) above are—

(a) Part H, except sections 10(2) and 17;

(b) in Part HI, section 33;

(c) Part V;

(d) in Part VII, sections 90 and 91;

* (e) In Part VIII, sections 96(1), 97 and 98; and

(/) in this Part of this Act, sections 110 and 111.

Rules as to 106,—(1) The Lord Chancellor may make such rules and give

procedure. such directions as he thinks fit for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this Act specified in subsection (3) below and may, by those rules or directions, provide for the conduct so far as desirable in private of any proceedings for the purposes of those provisions and for the remission of any fees.

(2) The power vested in the Lord Chancellor by subsection

(1) above may, when the Great Seal is in commission, be exercised by any Lord Commissioner.

(3) The provisions of this Act to which subsection (1) above refers are—

(a) Part II. except sections 10(2) and 17;

(b) in Part III, subsections (4) to (6) of section 26 and section 33;

(c) Part V;

(d) in Part VIII, sections 96(1). 97 and 98; and

(e) in this Part of this Act, sections 110 and 111.

Powers of local authorities for the purposes of giving

information, 1965 c. 75.

Miscellaneous

107.—(1) Any local authority to which this section applies shall have power—

(a) to publish information, for the assistance of landlords

and tenants, as to their rights and duties under Part III of the Rent Act 1965 and under the provisions of this Act specified in subsection (3) below and as to the procedure for enforcing those rights or securing the performance of those duties; and

(b) to furnish particulars as to the availability, extent and

character of alternative accommodation.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

535

(2) The functions of a local authority under this section may. Part DC in accordance with directions given by the authority, be exercised by a committee of the authority appointed under this

section or under any other enactment; and the authority may appoint as additional members of any such committee, for the purpose of exercising those functions, such persons as they think fit, whether members of the authority or not

(3) The provisions of this Act referred to in subsection (1) above are—

(a) Parts I to V;

(b) Part VII, except section 89;

(c) Parts VIII and IX.

(4) This section applies to the following local authorities, that is to say,—

(a) councils of county boroughs, London boroughs and

county districts;

(b) the Common Council of the City of London; and

(c) the Council of the Isles of Scilly.

108, —(1) Offences under this Act are punishable summarily. Prosecution of

offences.

(2) Proceedings for an offence under this Act or under Part III of the Rent Act 1965 may be instituted by any local authority i%5 c. 75. to which section 107 above applies.

109, —(1) Subject to subsection (5) below, any document re-Service of

quired or authorised by this Act to be served by the tenant of a notices on dwelling-house on the landlord thereof shall be deemed to be 8

duly served on him if it is served—

(a) on any agent of the landlord named as such in the rent

book or other similar document; or

(b) on the person who receives the rent of the dwelling-

house.

(2) Where a dwelling-house is subject to a regulated tenancy, subsection (1) above shall apply also in relation to any document required or authorised by this Act to be served on the landlord by a person other than the tenant.

(3) Subject to subsection (5) below, if for the purpose of any proceedings (whether civil or criminal) brought or intended to be brought under this Act, any person serves upon any such agent or other person as is referred to in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (1) above a notice in writing requiring the agent or other person to disclose to him the full name and place of abode or place of business of the landlord, that agent or other person shall forthwith comply with the notice.

536

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part IX (4) If any such agent or other person as is referred to in subsection (3) above fails or refuses forthwith to comply with a notice served on him under that subsection, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £5, unless he shows to the satisfaction of the court that he did not know, and could not with reasonable diligence have ascertained, such of the facts required by the notice to be disclosed as were not disclosed by him.

(5) Subsections (1) to (4) above shall not apply to any document required or authorised to be served by, or to any proceedings brought or intended to be brought under. Part VI or Part VII of this Act, other than proceedings under section 91 of this Act

Rents of subsidised private houses.

1924 c. 35.

1926 c. 56. 1938 c. 16. 1958 c. 42.

1957 c. 56.

1959 c. 33.

116.—(1) The provisions of this section apply to any condition mentioned in any of the enactments specified in subsection (2) below which limits the rent to be charged in respect of any dwelling.

(2) The enactments referred to in subsection (1) above are—

(a) section 2 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act

1924;

(b) section 3 of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act 1926;

(c) section 3 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act

1938 or section 46 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958;

(d) section 104 of the Housing Act 1957;

(e) section 33 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act

1958, including that section as applied by section 7 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) below, in so far as any condition to which this section applies limits die rent under a controlled tenancy, the condition shall limit, or as the case may be shall have effect as if it limited, that rent to the amount of the rent limit, within the meaning of Part V of this Act.

(4) If any condition to which this section applies was imposed before 6th July 1957 and then limited the rent to an amount exceeding what would be the rent limit if ascertained under subsections (1) and (2) of section 52 of this Act, the rent limit under a controlled tenancy shall be that amount, subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of that section and of paragraph 7(2) of Schedule 9 to this Act.

(5) The provisions of Schedule 13 to this Act shall have effect, to the extent therein specified, in relation to any condition to which this section applies which limits the rent under a tenancy which is not a controlled tenancy.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

537

111.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, no distress for the Part IX rent of any dwelling-house let on a protected tenancy or subject Restriction on to a statutory tenancy shall be levied except with the leave of levy of distress the county court; and the court shall, with respect to any applica-for rent-tion for such leave, have the same or similar powers with respect to adjournment, stay, suspension, postponement and otherwise as are conferred by section 11 of this Act, in relation to proceedings for possession of such a dwelling-house.

(2) Nothing in subsection (1) above shall apply to distress levied under section 137 of the County Courts Act 1959. 1959 c. 22.

112. It shall be a condition of a protected tenancy of a dwell- Implied ing-house that the tenant shall afford to the landlord access totcrm &11 the dwelling-house and all reasonable facilities for executing therein any repairs which the landlord is entitled to execute.

General

113.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise interpretation, requires,—

" the appropriate day " has the meaning assigned to it by section 6(3) of this Act;

"controlled tenancy" and "regulated tenancy" shall be construed in accordance with section 7 of this Act;

" landlord " includes any person from time to time deriving title under the original landlord and also includes, in relation to any dwelling-house, any person other than the tenant who is, or but for Part II of this Act would be, entitled to possession of the dwelling-house;

"let" includes "sub-let";

"long tenancy" means a tenancy granted for a term of years certain exceeding 21 years, whether or not subsequently extended by act of the parties or by any enactment;

"the Minister", subject to section 114 below, means the Minister of Housing and Local Government;

" protected tenant " and " protected tenancy " shall be construed in accordance with section 1 of this Act;

"rateable value" shall be construed in accordance with section 6 of this Act;

" statutory tenant " and " statutory tenancy " shall be construed in accordance with section 3 of this Act;

538

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Part DC

Application to Wales.

Application to Isles of Sdlly.

" tenant " includes statutory tenant and also includes a sub-tenant and any person deriving title under the original tenant or sub-tenant;

" tenancy " includes " sub-tenancy ";

"tenancy at a low rent" has the meaning assigned to it by section 2(2) of this Act.

(2) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be taken as referring to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act

114. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, in its application to Wales and Monmouthshire, this Act shall have effect as if for references to the Minister (but not to the Minister of Housing and Local Government) there were substituted references to the Secretary of State.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall not apply in so far as this Act relates—

(a) to any order relating to an area partly outside Wales

and Monmouthshire; or

(b) to regulations under Part III or Part IV of this Act

prescribing anything other than the form of any notice, application or other document or prescribing die form of any register.

115. —(1) In the application of this Act to the Isles of Scilly, the provisions specified in subsection (2) below shall have effect subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as the Minister may by order direct

(2) The provisions of this Act referred to in subsection (1) above are:—

(a) in Part I, sections 6,8 and 9(4);

(b) Part in;

(c) Part IV;

(d) in Part VIII, sections 94 and 95 and subsections (2) and (3) of section 96; and

(e) in this Part of this Act section 100.

(3) The power to make an order under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) An order under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

539

(5) Section 57 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 (application to Scilly Isles) shall apply, as it applies in relation to the provisions specified in subsection (3) of that section, in relation to section 16 and subsections (2) to (5) of section 57 of this Act

116. —(1) Subject to sections 4 and 70(3)(a) of this Act this Act shall apply in relation to premises in which there subsists, or at any material time subsisted, a Crown interest as it applies in relation to premises in which no such interest subsists or ever subsisted.

(2) In this section " Crown interest " means an interest which belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster or to the Duchy of Cornwall, or to a government department, or which is held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department

117. —(1) In relation to such protected and statutory tenancies in existence at the commencement of this Act as are specified in Schedule 14 thereto, the provisions of this Act specified in that Schedule shall have effect subject to the modifications so specified.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, the enactments specified in Schedule 15 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that Schedule.

(3) The savings and transitory provisions in Schedule 16 to this Act shall have effect

(4) The inclusion in this Act of any express saving or amendment shall not be taken as prejudicing the operation of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

(5) Subject to subsection (3) above, the enactments specified in Schedule 17 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

118. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Rent Act 1968.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the expiry of the period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed.

(3) This Act does not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

Part IX 1958 c. 42.

Application to Crown property.

Modifications, amendments, transitory provisions, repeals, etc.

1889 c. 63.

Short title, commencement and extent.

540

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Section 3.

1954 c. 56.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Statutory Tenants by Succession

1. The provisions of paragraph 2 or, as the case may be, paragraph 3 of this Schedule shall have effect, subject to section 3(2) of this Act, for the purpose of determining who is the statutory tenant of a dwelling-house by succession after the death of the person (in this Schedule referred to as " the original tenant ") who, immediately before his death, was a protected tenant of the dwelling-house or the statutory tenant of it by virtue of his previous protected tenancy.

2. If the original tenant was a man who died leaving a widow who was residing with him at his death then, after his death, the widow shall be the statutory tenant if and so long as she occupies the dwelling-house as her residence.

3. Where paragraph 2 above does not apply, but a person who was a member of the original tenant’s family was residing with him at the time of and for the period of six months immediately before his death then, after his death, that person or if there is more than one such person such one of them as may be decided by agreement, or in default of agreement by the county court, shall be the statutory tenant if and so long as he occupies the dwelling-house as his residence.

4. A person who becomes the statutory tenant of a dwelling-house by virtue of paragraph 2 or paragraph 3 above is in this Schedule referred to as " the first successor ".

5. If, immediately before his death, the first successor was still a statutory tenant, the provisions of paragraph 6 or, as the case may be, paragraph 7 below shall have effect, subject to section 3(2) of this Act, for the purpose of determining who is the statutory tenant after the death of the first successor.

6. If the first successor was a man who died leaving a widow who was residing with him at his death then, after his death, the widow shall be the statutory tenant if and so long as she occupies the dwelling-house as her residence.

7. Where paragraph 6 above does not apply but a person who was a member of the first successor’s family was residing with him at the time of and for the period of six months immediately before his death then, after his death, that person or if there is more than one such person such one of them as may be decided by agreement, or in default of agreement by the county court, shall be the statutory tenant if and so long as he occupies the dwelling-house as his residence.

8. —(1) A person shall not become a statutory tenant by virtue of paragraph 6 or paragraph 7 above in any case where, immediately before the death of the first successor, his statutory tenancy was a controlled tenancy and, apart from section 9(3) of this Act, Part II of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 would have applied to that statutory tenancy, had it been a tenancy within the meaning of that Act.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

541

(2) In a case falling within sub-paragraph (1) above, the person who, if paragraph 6 or, as the case may be, paragraph 7 above had applied, would have become the statutory tenant shall, instead, be treated for the purposes of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 as the tenant under a tenancy continuing by virtue of section 24 of that Act after the expiry of a term of years certain.

9. Paragraphs 5 to 8 above do not apply where the statutory tenancy of the original tenant arose by virtue of section 4 of the Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act 1955 or section 20 of the Rent Act 1965.

SCHEDULE 2 Controlled Tenancies Part I

Provisions for Determining Whether Tenancy is a Controlled Tenancy

1. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, a protected tenancy or a statutory tenancy of a dwelling-house is a controlled tenancy if—

(a) the rateable value of the dwelling-house on 7th November

1956 did not exceed, if it was in the metropolitan police district or the City of London, £40 or, if it was elsewhere, £30, and

(b) the dwelling-house is not one which consists, and consists only, of premises which, by virtue of the date of their construction or conversion, are excluded by paragraph 3 below from being the subject of a controlled tenancy, and

(c) the tenancy is not, or, in the case of a statutory tenancy,

the preceding contractual tenancy was not, a long tenancy, and

(d) the tenancy or, in the case of a statutory tenancy, the preceding contractual tenancy, was created by a lease or agreement coming into operation before 6th July 1957 or is or was a tenancy to which paragraph 4 below applies.

2. —(1) Section 6 of this Act shall not apply in ascertaining the rateable value referred to in paragraph 1(a) above, but, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the reference in that paragraph to the rateable value of a dwelling-house on 7th November 1956 shall be construed,—

(a) if the dwelling-house was a hereditament for which a rateable

value was on that date shown in the valuation list, as a reference to the rateable value of the hereditament, or where that value differed from the net annual value, the net annual value thereof, as shown in the valuation list on that date;

(b) if the dwelling-house formed part only of such a hereditament, as a reference to such proportion of the said rateable

SCH. 1

1954 c. 56.

1955 c. 24. 1965 c. 75.

Section 7

542

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 2

1957 c. 25.

value or net annual value as may be or have been agreed in writing between the landlord and tenant or determined by the county court;

(c) if the dwelling-house consisted of or formed part of more than one such hereditament, as a reference to the aggregate of the rateable values (ascertained in accordance with para* graphs (a) and (b) above) of those hereditaments or parts.

(2) Any apportionment of rateable value made by the county court in a case falling within sub-paragraph (1X6) above shall be final and

conclusive.

(3) Subject to sub-paragraph (4) below, where, after 7th November 1956, the valuation list was altered so as to vary the rateable value of a hereditament, and the alteration had effect from a date not later than 7th November 1956 and was made in pursuance of a proposal made before 1st April 1957, the rateable value on 7th November 1956 of any dwelling-house consisting of or wholly or partly comprised in that hereditament shall be ascertained as if the amount of the rateable, or as the case may be the net annual, value of that hereditament shown in the valuation list on 7th November 1956 had been the amount of that value shown in the list as altered.

(4) Where such a proposal as is referred to in sub-paragraph (3) above was pending on 6th July 1957 and—

(a) the proposal was for an alteration in the valuation list reducing the rateable value of the dwelling-house, but,

(b) that rateable value on 31st March 1956 was such that, if it had remained unaltered, the rateable value of the dwelling-house on 7th November 1956 would have exceeded the relevant limit specified in paragraph 1(a) above,

then any alteration in the rateable value of the dwelling-house which was made in pursuance of the proposal shall be disregarded in determining whether that rateable value on 7th November 1956 did or did not exceed the relevant limit in paragraph 1(a) above.

(5) Where the tenant or any previous tenant under a tenancy or a statutory tenancy which began before 6th July 1957 made or contributed to the cost of an improvement on the premises comprised in the protected or statutory tenancy and the improvement was made before 7th November 1956 by the execution of works amounting to structural alteration, extension or addition, the rateable value of the premises as ascertained in accordance with sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above shall be taken to be reduced by such amount, if any, as may have been agreed or determined in accordance with Part III of Schedule 5 to the Rent Act 1957 (which, in certain cases, provided for a reduction of rateable value on account of certain improvements if the tenant served the necessary notice on the landlord not later than six weeks after the commencement of that Act).

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

543

(6) If at the time of the making of such an agreement relating Sch. 2 to the rateable value of a dwelling-house as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (1X&) above, the landlord was himself a tenant, then, unless he was a tenant under a tenancy having a term with more than seven years to run at that time, the agreement shall not have effect for the purposes of this Act except with the concurrence in writing of his immediate landlord.

3. —(1) Premises which—

(a) were erected after 29th August 1954, or

(b) are separate and self-contained premises produced by con-

version, after that date, of other premises, with or without the addition of premises erected after that date,

are excluded from being the subject of a controlled tenancy unless they consist of a dwelling-house provided by works in respect of which a grant became payable under section 20 of the Housing 1949 c. 60. Act 1949 or section 30 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958C.42. 1958 (improvement grants).

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph, premises shall be treated as converted or erected after 29th August 1954 if the conversion or erection was completed after that date, notwithstanding that it may have been begun on or before that date.'

4. —(1) This paragraph applies to a protected tenancy created by a lease or agreement coming into operation after the commencement of this Act if—

(a) it is granted to a person who, immediately before it was

granted, was the tenant of any premises under a controlled tenancy, and

(b) the circumstances are such that the premises comprised in the controlled tenancy referred to in paragraph (a) above and the premises comprised in the protected tenancy granted to the person in question are the same, or that one of those premises consists of or includes part of the other premises.

(2) Where a controlled tenancy of a dwelling-house comes to an end on the landlord recovering possession of the dwelling-house by virtue of section 17 of this Act this paragraph applies to a protected tenancy created by a lease or agreement coming into operation on or after the commencement of this Act which is—

(a) a tenancy of the whole or any part of the premises comprised in the previous controlled tenancy, and

(b) the first such tenancy created after the recovery of possession.

(3) This paragraph also applies to a protected tenancy created by a lease or agreement coming into operation on or after 6th July 1957 but before the commencement of this Act which was a tenancy to

which subsection (2) of section 11 of the Rent Act 1957 (which 1957 c. 25. provided that new tenancies should not be controlled) did not apply either—

(a) by virtue of the proviso to subsection (2) of that section (which made provision corresponding to sub-paragraph (1) above), or

544

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 2

1965 c. 75.

(6) by virtue of subsection (6) of that section (which made provision corresponding to sub-paragraph (2) above).

5.—(1) If. on the death of a statutory tenant of a dwelling-house whose statutory tenancy was a controlled tenancy, a person becomes statutory tenant of that dwelling-house by virtue of paragraph 6 or paragraph 7 of Schedule 1 to this Act, that person’s statutory tenancy shall be a regulated tenancy and not a controlled tenancy.

(2) Sub-paragraph (1) above applies also to the statutory tenancy of a person who, before the commencement of this Act, became a statutory tenant by virtue of section 13 of the Rent Act 1965 (which made provision corresponding to paragraphs 6 and 7 of Schedule 1 to this Act).

Part II

1939 Rateable Valub

6. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect in determining the 1939 rateable value of a dwelling-house for the purposes of section 7(3) of this Act

7. —(1) If, on 6th April 1939, a rateable value was shown in the valuation list then in force with respect to a dwelling-house within the area which constituted the administrative county of London, the 1939 rateable value of that dwelling-house means that rateable value or, if the net annual value of the dwelling-house as shown in that list differed from the rateable value, that net annual value.

(2) If, on 1st April 1939, a rateable value was shown in the valuation list then in force with respect to a dwelling-house outside the area which constituted the administrative county of London, the 1939 rateable value of that dwelling-house means that rateable value or, if the net annual value of the dwelling-house as shown in that list differed from the rateable value, that net annual value.

8. In relation to a dwelling-house which was first assessed after 1st April 1939 or, if it is within the area which constituted the administrative county of London, after 6th April 1939, the 1939 rateable value means the rateable value shown in the valuation list with respect to the dwelling-house on the day on which the dwelling-house was first assessed or, if the net annual value as shown in the valuation list in force on that day differed from the rateable value, that net annual value.

9. Where, for the purpose of determining the 1939 rateable value of any dwelling-house, it is necessary to apportion the 1939 rateable value of the property in which that dwelling-house is comprised, the county court may, on application by either party, make such apportionment as seems just, and the decision of a county court (whether given before or after the commencement of this Act) as to the amount to be apportioned to the dwelling-house shall be final and conclusive.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

545

SCHEDULE 3

Grounds for Possession of Dwelling-Houses Lbt on or Subject to Protected or Statutory Tenancies

Part I

Casbs in which Court may Ordbr Possession

Case I

Where any rent lawfully due from the tenant haa not been paid, or any obligation of the protected or statutory tenancy which arises under this Act, or—

(a) in the case of a protected tenancy, any other obligation of the tenancy, in so far as it is consistent with the provisions of Part n of this Act, or

(b) in the case of a statutory tenancy, any other obligation

of the previous protected tenancy which is applicable to the statutory tenancy,

has been broken or not performed.

Case 2

Where the tenant or any person residing or lodging with him or any sub-tenant of his has been guilty of conduct which is a nuisance or annoyance to adjoining occupiers, or has been convicted of using the dwelling-house or allowing the dwelling-house to be used for immoral or illegal purposes.

Case 3

Where the condition of the dwelling-house has, in the opinion of the court, deteriorated owing to acts of waste by, or the neglect or default of, the tenant or any person residing or lodging with him or any sub-tenant of his and, in the case of any act of waste by, or the neglect or default of, a person lodging with the tenant or a sub-tenant of his, where the court is satisfied that the tenant has not, before the making of the order in question, taken such steps as he ought reasonably to have taken for the removal of the lodger or sub-tenant, as the case may be.

Case 4

Where the tenant has given notice to quit and, in consequence of that notice, the landlord has contracted to sell or let the dwelling-house or has taken any other steps as the result of which he would, in the opinion of the court, be seriously prejudiced if he could not obtain possession.

Case 5

Where, without the consent of the landlord, the tenant has, at any time after 8th December 1965 or, in the case of a controlled tenancy, after 1st September 1939, assigned or sub-let the whole of the dwelling-house or sub-let part of the dwelling-house, the remainder being already sub-let

Section 10.

546

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 3

Com 6

Where the protected or statutory tenancy is a controlled tenancy and the dwelling-house consists of or includes premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquor for consumption off the premises only, and—

(a) the tenant has committed an offence as holder of the licence, or

(b) the tenant has not conducted the business to the satisfaction of the licensing justices or the police authority, or

(c) the tenant has carried on the business in a manner detri-

mental to the public interest, or

(d) the renewal of the licence has for any reason been refused.

Case 1

Where the dwelling-house is reasonably required by the landlord for occupation as a residence for some person engaged in his whole-time employment, or in the whole-time employment of some tenant from him or with whom, conditional on housing being provided, a contract for such employment has been entered into, and the tenant was in the employment of the landlord or a former landlord, and the dwelling-house was let to him in consequence of that employment and he has ceased to be in that employment.

Case 8

Where the dwelling-house is reasonably required by the landlord for occupation as a residence for—

(a) himself, or

(b) any son or daughter of his over eighteen years of age, or

(c) his father or mother, or

(d) if the dwelling-house is let on or subject to a regulated tenancy, the father or mother of his wife or husband,

and the landlord did not become landlord by purchasing the dwelling-house or any interest therein after 23rd March 1965 or, if the dwelling-house is let on or subject to a controlled tenancy, after 7th November 1956.

Case 9

Where the court is satisfied that the rent charged by the tenant for any sub-let part of the dwelling-house which is also a dwelling-house let on a protected tenancy or subject to a statutory tenancy is or was in excess of the maximum rent for the time being recoverable for that part, having regard to the provisions of Part ID or as the case may be. Part V of this Act.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

547

Part n Sea. 3

Cases in which Court must Order Possession where Dwbluno-Housb Subject to Rboulated Tenancy

Case 10

Where a person who occupied the dwelling-house as his residence (in this Case referred to as uthe owner-occupier*) let it on a regulated tenancy and—

(a) not later than the relevant date the landlord gave notice in

writing to the tenant that possession might be recovered under this Case, and

(b) the dwelling-house has not, since 8th December 1965, been let by the owner-occupier on a protected tenancy with respect to which the condition mentioned in paragraph (a) above was not satisfied, and

(c) the court is satisfied that the dwelling-house is required as a

residence for the owner-occupier or any member of his family who resided with the owner-occupier when he last occupied the dwelling-house as a residence.

Case 11

Where the dwelling-house is held for the purpose of being available for occupation by a minister of religion as a residence from which to perform the duties of his office and—

(a) not later than the relevant date, the tenant was given notice

in writing that possession might be recovered under this Case, and

(b) the court is satisfied that the dwelling-house is required for

occupation by a minister of religion as such a residence.

Case 12

Where the dwelling-house was at any time occupied by a person under the terms of his employment as a person employed in agriculture, and

(a) the tenant neither is nor at any time was so employed by

the landlord and is not the widow of a person who was so employed, and

(b) not later than the relevant date, the tenant was given notice in writing that possession might be recovered under this Case, and

(c) the court is satisfied that the dwelling-house is required for

occupation by a person employed or to be employed by the landlord in agriculture;

and for the purposes of this Case " employed *’, " employment * and * agriculture " have the same meanings as in the Agricultural Wages 1948 c. 47. Act 1948.

2

548

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 3 Case 13

Where proposals for amalgamation, approved for the purposes of 1967 c. 22, a scheme under section 26 of the Agriculture Act 1967, have been carried out and, at the time when the proposals were submitted, the dwelling-house was occupied by a person responsible (whether as owner, tenant, or servant or agent of another) for the control of the farming of any part of the land comprised in the amalgamation, and

(a) after the carrying out of the proposals, the dwelling-house was let on a regulated tenancy otherwise than to, or to the widow of, either a person ceasing to be so responsible as part of the amalgamation or a person who is, or at any time was, employed by the landlord in agriculture, and

(b) not later than the relevant date, the tenant was given notice in writing that possession might be recovered under this Case, and

(c) the court is satisfied that the dwelling-house is required

for occupation by a person employed or to be employed by the landlord in agriculture, and

(d) the proceedings for possession are commenced by the landlord at any time during the period of five years beginning with the date on which the proposals for the amalgamation were approved or, if occupation of the dwelling-house after the amalgamation continued in, or was first taken by, a person ceasing to be responsible as mentioned in paragraph (a) above or his widow, during a period expiring three years after the date on which the dwelling-house next became unoccupied;

and for the purposes of this Case " employed *’ and " agriculture *’ 1948 c. 47. have the same meanings as in the Agricultural Wages Act 1948 and " amalgamation " has the same meaning as in Part n of the Agriculture Act 1967.

Part III

Provisions Applicable to Casb 8 and Part n above Case 8

1. A court shall not make an order for possession of a dwelling-house by reason only that the circumstances of the case fall within Case 8 in Part I of this Schedule if the court is satisfied that, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, including the question whether other accommodation is available for the landlord or the tenant, greater hardship would be caused by granting the order than by refusing to grant it.

Part II

2. Any reference in Part II of this Schedule to the relevant date shall be construed as follows: —

(a) if the protected tenancy, or, in the case of a statutory tenancy, the previous contractual tenancy, was created before 8th December 1965, the relevant date means 7th June 1966; and

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

549

(b) in any other case, the relevant date means the date of the commencement of the regulated tenancy in question.

Part IV

Suitable Altbrnattvb Accommodation

1. For the purposes of section 10(l)(a) of this Act, a certificate of the housing authority for the district in which the dwelling-house in question is situated, certifying that the authority will provide suitable alternative accommodation for the tenant by a date specified in the certificate, shall be conclusive evidence that suitable alternative accommodation will be available for him by that date.

2. Where no such certificate as is mentioned in paragraph 1 above is produced to the court, accommodation shall be deemed to be suitable for the purposes of section 10(lXa) of this Act if it consists of either—

(a) premises which are to be let as a separate dwelling such

that they will then be let on a protected tenancy, or

(b) premises to be let as a separate dwelling on terms which

will, in the opinion of the court, afford to the tenant security of tenure reasonably equivalent to the security afforded by Part II of this Act in the case of a protected tenancy,

and, in the opinion of the court, the accommodation fulfils the relevant conditions as defined in paragraph 3 below.

3. —(1) For the purposes of paragraph 2 above, the relevant conditions are that the accommodation is reasonably suitable to the needs of the tenant and his family as regards proximity to place of work, and either—

(a) similar as regards rental and extent to the accommodation

afforded by dwelling-houses provided in the neighbourhood by any housing authority for persons whose needs as regards extent are, in the opinion of the court, similar to those of the tenant and his family; or

(b) reasonably suitable to the means of the tenant and to the needs of the tenant and his family as regards extent and character.

(2) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (lXfl) above, a certificate of a housing authority stating—

(a) the extent of the accommodation afforded by dwelling-houses

provided by the authority to meet the needs of tenants with families of such number as may be specified in the certificate, and

(b) the amount of the rent charged by the authority for dwelling-houses affording accommodation of that extent,

shall be conclusive evidence of the facts so stated.

4. Accommodation shall not be deemed to be suitable to the needs of the tenant and his family if the result of their occupation of the accommodation would be that it would be an overcrowded dwelling-house for the purposes of the Housing Act 1957.

3

Sch. 3

1957 c. 56.

550

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 3 5. Any document purporting to be a certificate of a housing

authority named therein issued for the purposes of this Schedule and to be signed by the clerk to that authority shall be received in evidence and, unless the contrary is shown, shall be deemed to be such a certificate without further proof.

6. In this Schedule *housing authority*' means a council which 1957 c. 56. is a local authority for the purposes of Part V of the Housing Act 1957, and 44 district", in relation to such an authority, means the district for supplying the needs of which the authority has power under that Part of that Act.

Sections 23,47, SCHEDULE 4

52,54.

Calculation of Amount of Rates

1. For the purposes of this Act, the amount of rates for any rental period shall be taken, subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, to be an amount which bears to the total rates payable during the relevant rating period the same proportion as the length of the rental period bears to the length of the relevant rating period.

2. In this Schedule 44the relevant rating period", in relation to a rental period, means the rating period during which the rent for that rental period is payable.

3. The amount of the rates for any rental period which precedes the making, by the authority levying the rates, of their first demand for, or for an instalment of, the rates for the relevant rating period shall be calculated on the basis that the rates for that rating period will be the same as for the last preceding rating period.

4. —(1) On the making, by the authority levying the rates, of their first such demand, and on the making by them of any subsequent such demand, the amount of the rates for any rental period shall if necessary be recalculated on the basis that the rates for the relevant rating period will be such as appears from the information given in the demand and any previous demands.

(2) Any such recalculation shall not affect the ascertainment of the rates for any rental period beginning more than six weeks before the date of the service of the demand giving rise to the recalculation.

5. If, as a result of the settlement of a proposal, the rates payable for the relevant rating period are decreased, the amount of the rates for a rental period shall be recalculated so as to give effect to the decrease; but any such recalculation shall not affect the ascertainment of the rates for any rental period beginning more than six weeks before the date of the settlement of the proposal.

6. In computing the rates for any rental period for the purposes of this Schedule, any discount, and any allowance made under any of the enactments relating to allowances given where rates are paid by the owner instead of by the occupier, shall be left out of account, and accordingly those rates shall be computed as if no such discount or allowance had fallen to be, or had been, allowed or made.

le

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

551

SCHEDULE 5

Rent Assessment Committees

1. The Minister shall draw up and from time to time revise panels of persons to act as chairmen and other members of rent assessment committees for such areas, comprising together every registration area, as the Minister may from time to time determine.

2. Each panel shall consist of a number of persons appointed by the Lord Chancellor and a number of persons appointed by the Minister and, if the Minister thinks fit, a number of persons appointed by him to act only in cases of absence or incapacity of other members of the panel.

3. The Minister shall nominate one of the persons appointed by the Lord Chancellor to act as president of the panel, mid one or more such persons to act as vice-president or vice-presidents.

4. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, the number of rent assessment committees to act for any area and the constitution of those committees shall be determined by the president of the panel formed for that area or, in the case of the president’s absence or incapacity, by the vice-president or, as the case may be, one of the vice-presidents.

5. Subject to paragraph 6 below, each rent assessment committee shall consist of a chairman and one or two other members, and the chairman shall be either the president or vice-president (or, as the case may be one of the vice-presidents) of the panel or one of the other members appointed by the Lord Chancellor.

6. The president of the panel may, if he thinks fit, direct that when dealing with such cases or dealing with a case in such circumstances as may be specified in the direction, the chairman sitting alone may, with the consent of the parties, exercise the functions of a rent assessment committee.

7. There shall be paid to members of panels such remuneration and allowances as the Minister, with the consent of the Treasury, may determine.

8. The president of the panel may appoint, with the approval of the Minister as to numbers, such clerks and other officers and servants of rent assessment committees as he thinks fit, and there shall be paid to the clerks and other officers and r nts such salaries and allowances as the Minister, with the consent of the Treasury, may determine.

9. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) the remuneration and allowances of members of panels;

(b) the salaries and allowances of clerks and other officers and servants appointed under this Schedule; and

(c) such other expenses of a panel as the Treasury may determine.

4

Section 42.

552

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sections 44,45.

SCHEDULE 6

Applications for Registration of Rents Part I

Applications Unsupported by Certificate of Fair Rent Procedure on applications to rent officer

1. On receiving any application for the registration of a rent, the rent officer may, by notice in writing served on the landlord or the tenant (whether or not the applicant or one of the applicants) require him to give to the rent officer, within such period of not less than seven days from the service of the notice as may be specified in the notice, such information as he may reasonably require regarding such of the particulars contained in the application as may be specified in the notice.

2. Where the application is made by the landlord alone the rent officer shall serve on the tenant, and where it is made by the tenant alone he shall serve on the landlord, a notice informing him of the application and specifying a period of not less than seven days from the service of the notice during which representations in writing may be made to the rent officer against the registration of the rent specified in the application.

3. —(1) Where—

(a) the application is made jointly by the landlord and the tenant, or

(b) no representations are made as mentioned in paragraph 2 above,

and it appears to the rent officer, after making such inquiry, if any, as he thinks fit and considering any information supplied to him in pursuance of paragraph 1 above, that the rent specified in the application is a fair rent, he may register that rent without further proceedings.

(2) Where the rent officer registers a rent under this paragraph he shall notify the landlord and tenant accordingly.

4. —(1) Where representations are made as mentioned in paragraph 2 above or the rent officer is not satisfied that the rent specified in the application is a fair rent or, as the case may be, that the rent for the time being registered is no longer a fair rent, he shall serve a notice under this paragraph.

(2) A notice under this paragraph shall be served on the landlord and on the tenant informing them that the rent officer proposes, at a time (which shall not be earlier than seven days after the service of the notice) and place specified in the notice to consider in consultation with the landlord and the tenant, or such of them as may appear at that time and place, what rent ought to be registered for the dwelling-house or, as the case may be, whether a different rent ought to be so registered.

(3) At any such consultation the landlord and the tenant may each be represented by a person authorised by him in that behalf, whether or not that person is of counsel or a solicitor.

- -

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

553

5. After considering, in accordance with paragraph 4 above, what Sea. 6 rent ought to be registered or, as the case may be, whether a different

rent ought to be registered, the rent officer shall, as the case may require.—

(a) determine a fair rent and register it as the rent for the dwelling-house; or (b) confirm the rent for the time being registered and note the confirmation in the register;

and shall notify the landlord and the tenant accordingly by a notice stating that if, within twenty-eight days of the service of the notice or such longer period as he or a rent assessment committee may allow, an objection in writing is received by the rent officer from the landlord or the tenant the matter will be referred to a rent assessment committee.

6. —(1) If such an objection as is mentioned in paragraph 5 above is received, then—

(a) if it is received within the period of twenty-eight days specified in that paragraph or a rent assessment committee so direct, the rent officer shall refer the matter to a rent assessment committee;

(b) if it is received after die expiry of that period the rent officer may either refer the matter to a rent assessment committee or seek the directions of a rent assessment committee whether so to refer it

(2) The rent officer shall indicate in die register whether die matter has been referred to a rent assessment committee in pursuance of this paragraph.

Determination of fair rent by rent assessment committee

7. —(1) The rent assessment committee to whom a matter is referred under paragraph 6 above—

(a) may by norice in the prescribed form served on the landlord or the tenant require him to give to the committee, within such period of not less than fourteen days from the service of the notice as may be specified in the notice, such further information, in addition to any given to the rent officer in pursuance of paragraph 1 above, as they may reasonably require; and

(&) shall serve on the landlord and on the tenant a notice specifying a period of not less than fourteen days from the service of the notice during which either representations in writing or a request to make oral representations may be made by him to the committee.

(2) If any person fails without reasonable cause to comply with any notice served on him under sub-paragraph (l)(a) above, he shall be liable on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 and, on a second or subsequent conviction, to a fine not exceeding £100.

(3) Where an offence under sub-paragraph (2) above committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the

554

Ch. 23

Rent Act

Sch. 6 consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager or secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

8. Where, within the period specified in paragraph 7(1 Xb) above, or such further period as the committee may allow, the landlord or the tenant requests to make oral representations the committee shall give him an opportunity to be heard either in person or by a person authorised by him in that behalf, whether or not that person is of counsel or a solicitor.

9. —(1) The committee shall make such inquiry, if any, as they think fit and consider any information supplied or representation made to them in pursuance of paragraph 7 or paragraph 8 above and—

(a) if it appears to them that the rent registered or confirmed by the rent officer is a fair rent, they shall confirm that rent;

(b) if it does not appear to them that that rent is a fair rent, they shall determine a fair rent for the dwelling-house.

(2) Where the committee confirm or determine a rent under this paragraph they shall notify the landlord, the tenant and the rent officer accordingly.

(3) On receiving the notification, the rent officer shall, as the case may require, either indicate in the register that the rent has been confirmed or register the rent determined by the committee as the rent for the dwelling-house.

Part n

Applications Supported by Certificate of Fair Rent Procedure on applications to rent officer

10.—(1) On receiving an application for the registration of a rent which is made as mentioned in section 45(4) of this Act, the rent officer shall ascertain whether the works specified in the certificate have been carried out in accordance with the plans and specifications which accompanied the application for the certificate or, as the case may be, whether the condition of the dwelling-house is the same as at the date of the certificate.

(2) If the rent officer is satisfied that the works have been so carried out or, as the case may be, that the dwelling-house is in the same condition as at the date of the certificate, he shall register the rent in accordance with the certificate.

(3) If the rent officer is not satisfied as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) above, he shall serve on the applicant a notice stating the matters with respect to which he is not so satisfied and informing him that if. within fourteen days from the service of the notice or such longer period as the rent officer or a rent assessment committee may allow.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

555

the applicant makes a request in writing to that effect, the rent officer Sea. 6 will refer the matter to a rent assessment committee.

11. If such a request as is mentioned in paragraph 10(3) above is made, then—

(a) if it is made within the period of fourteen days specified in that paragraph or a rent assessment committee so direct, die rent officer shall refer the matter to a rent assessment committee;

(b) if it is made after the expiry of that period, the rent officer may either refer the matter to a rent assessment committee or seek the directions of a rent assessment committee whether, so to refer it

Procedure on references to rent assessment committee

12.—(1) The rent assessment committee to whom a matter is referred under paragraph 11 above shall give the applicant an opportunity to make representations in writing or to be heard either in person or by a person authorised by him in that behalf, whether or not that person is of counsel or a solicitor.

(2) After considering any representations made under sub-paragraph (1) above, the rent assessment committee shall notify the rent officer and the applicant whether they are satisfied as mentioned in paragraph 10(2) above and—

(a) if they are so satisfied they shall direct the rent officer to

register the rent in accordance with the certificate;

(b) if they are not so satisfied they shall direct the rent officer to refuse the application for registration.

Provisional registration

13. Where a rent is registered in pursuance of such an application as is mentioned in paragraph 10(1) above by a person who intends to grant a regulated tenancy, the registration shall be provisional only until the regulated tenancy is granted and shall be of no effect unless the rent officer is notified in die prescribed manner, within one month from the date of the registration or such longer time as the rent officer may allow, that the regulated tenancy has been granted.

14. Where a registration is made as mentioned in paragraph 13 above, the rent officer shall indicate in the register that it is so made and —

(a) if he is notified as mentioned in that paragraph that the regulated tenancy has been granted he shall indicate that fact in the register;

(b) if he is not so notified he shall delete the registration.

s* 2

556

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Section 45(3).

SCHEDULE 7

Certificates of Fair Rent

1. An application for a certificate of fair rent —

(a) must be in the prescribed form;

(b) must state the rent to be specified in the certificate; and

(c) in the case mentioned in paragraph (a) of section 45(1) of this Act, must be accompanied by plans and specifications of the works to be carried out and, if the works to be carried out are works of improvement, must state whether the dwelling-house is for the time being subject to a regulated tenancy.

2. —(1) If it appears to the rent officer that the information supplied to him is insufficient to enable him to issue a certificate of fair rent he shall serve on the applicant a notice stating that he will not entertain the application and that, if a request in writing to that effect is made by the applicant within fourteen days from the service of the notice or such longer period as a rent officer or a rent assessment committee may allow, the rent officer will refer the application to a rent assessment committee.

(2) If such a request is made, then —

(a) if it is made within the fourteen days referred to in sub-

paragraph (1) above or a rent assessment committee so direct, the rent officer shall refer the application to a rent assessment committee;

(b) if it is made after the expiry of those fourteen days, the rent officer may either refer the application to a rent assessment committee or seek the directions of a rent assessment committee whether so to refer it.

3. If it appears to the rent officer that the information supplied to him is sufficient and that the rent stated in the application would be a fair rent he may, unless the dwelling-house is subject to a regulated tenancy, issue a certificate specifying that rent and the other terms referred to in section 45(2) of this Act

4. —(1) If it appears to the rent officer that the information is sufficient but either —

(a) he is not satisfied that the rent stated in the application would be a fair rent, or

(b) the dwelling-house is subject to a regulated tenancy,

he shall serve on the applicant a notice stating that he proposes, at a time (which shall not be earlier than seven days after the service of the notice) and place specified in the notice, to consider in consultation with the applicant, if present at that time and place, what rent ought to be specified in the certificate.

(2) At any such consultation the applicant may be represented by a person authorised by him in that behalf, whether or not that person is of counsel or a solicitor.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

557

5. After considering in accordance with paragraph 4 above what Sch. 7 rent ought to be specified in the certificate, the rent officer shall determine a fair rent and shall serve on the applicant a notice stating

that he proposes to issue a certificate specifying that rent, unless within fourteen days from the service of the notice, or such longer period as the rent officer or a rent assessment committee may allow, the applicant requests in writing that the application should be referred to a rent assessment committee.

6. —(1) If such a request as is referred to in paragraph 5 above is made, then —

(a) if it is made within the period of fourteen days referred to in that paragraph or a rent assessment committee so direct, the rent officer shall refer the application to a rent assessment committee;

(b) if it is made after the expiry of those fourteen days, the rent officer may either refer the application to a rent assessment committee or seek the directions of a rent assessment committee whether so to refer it

(2) If no such request is made or if such a request is made but the application is not referred to a rent assessment committee, the rent officer shall issue the certificate.

7. —(1) Where an application is referred to a rent assessment committee, then if the reference is under paragraph 2 above and it appears to the committee that the information supplied by the applicant to the rent officer is insufficient to enable a certificate of fair rent to be issued they shall notify the applicant accordingly.

(2) In any other case where an application is referred to a rent assessment committee, they shall serve on the applicant a notice specifying a period of not less than fourteen days from the service of the notice during which either representations in writing or a request to make oral representations may be made by him to the committee.

(3) Where, within the period specified under sub-paragraph (2) above or such further period as the committee may allow, the applicant requests to make oral representations, the committee shall give him an opportunity to be heard either in person or by a person authorised by him in that behalf, whether or not that person is of counsel or a solicitor.

8. —(1) After considering any representation made to them in pursuance of paragraph 7 above, the committee shall determine a fair rent for the dwelling-house and shall notify the applicant and the rent officer accordingly.

(2) On receiving the notification the rent officer shall issue to the applicant a certificate of fair rent specifying the rent determined by the committee.

9. Where an application under this Schedule is made with respect to a dwelling-house which it is intended to improve and the dwelling-house is subject to a regulated tenancy—

(a) a notice under paragraph 4, paragraph 5, paragraph 7(2) or paragraph 8 above shall be served on the tenant as well

* 3

558

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 7

Section S2.

1953 c. 42.

as on the applicant and any notice served under paragraph 4, paragraph 5 or paragraph 7(2) above shall refer to consultation with, or, as the case may be, a request or representations by, the tenant as well as the applicant;

(b) the tenant may make representations, request reference to a rent assessment committee and be present or represented in like manner as the applicant, and references in this Schedule to the applicant shall be construed accordingly; and

(c) a copy of any certificate of fair rent issued in pursuance of the application shall be sent to the tenant

SCHEDULE 8

1956 Gross Valub

1. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, the 1956 gross value of any dwelling, for the purposes of Part V of this Act is the gross value thereof as shown in the valuation list on 7th November 1956 or, where the dwelling forms part only of a hereditament shown in that list such proportion of the gross value shown in that list for that hereditament as may be or have been agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or be determined by the county court

(2) Any apportionment of gross value determined by the county court for the purposes of Part V of this Act shall be final and conclusive.

2. Where a dwelling is or forms part of a hereditament for which no gross value was shown in the valuation list on 7th November 1956, paragraph 1 above shall have effect in relation to the dwelling as if, for the references to that date, there were substituted references to the first subsequent date on which a gross value for that hereditament was shown in the valuation list -

3. If, in pursuance of a proposal made before 1st April 1957, or made on the ground of a change in the occupier or in the circumstances of occupation, the gross value shown for a hereditament in the valuation list was varied after 7th November 1956, then, as regards any rental periods (whether beginning before or after the variation) the 1956 gross value of a dwelling which is or forms part of that hereditament shall be ascertained by reference to the gross value as so varied.

4. —(1) Where a dwelling is or forms part of a hereditament the gross value of which, as shown in the valuation list, was arrived at after such a reduction as was provided for in section 4(3) of the Valuation for Rating Act 1953 (which related to certain hereditaments consisting partly of premises used wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling and partly of other premises) that gross value shall be deemed, for the purposes of Part V of this Act, to be further

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

559

reduced by four-sevenths of so much thereof as is attributable to Sea. 8 that part of the hereditament which was not used wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings; and a certificate of the valuation officer shall be conclusive evidence of the amount so attributable.

(2) In sub-paragraph (1) above, " the valuation officer ", in relation to a valuation list, means any officer of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue who was for the time being appointed by the Commissioners to be the valuation officer or one of the valuation officers, or to be the deputy valuation officer or one of the deputy valuation officers, in relation to that list

5. —(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) below, where a dwelling consists of or forms part of more than one hereditament, the 1956 gross value of the dwelling shall be ascertained by determining the 1956 gross value of each hereditament or part as if it were a separate dwelling and aggregating the gross values so determined.

(2) In determining, for the purposes of this paragraph, the 1956 gross value of any hereditament, that gross value shall be taken to be reduced by four-sevenths if it was ascertained in accordance with the definition of gross value in section 68 of the Rating and Valuation 1925 c. 90. Act 1925.

6. Where a tenant or any previous tenant under a controlled tenancy which began before 6th July 1957 made or contributed to the cost of an improvement on the premises comprised in the tenancy and the improvement was made before 7th November 1956 by the execution of works amounting to structural alteration, extension or addition, the 1956 gross value of the premises shall be reduced by such amount, if any, as may have been agreed or determined in accordance with Part HI of Schedule 5 to the Rent Act 1957 (which, in 1957 c. 25. certain cases, provided for a reduction in the 1956 gross value on account of certain improvements if the tenant served the necessary

notice on the landlord not later than six weeks after the commencement of that Act).

7. If, at the time of the making of such an agreement as is referred to in paragraph 1 above, the landlord was himself a tenant, then, unless he was tenant under a tenancy having a term with more than seven years to run at that time, the agreement shall not have effect for the purposes of Part V of this Act, except with the concurrence in writing of his immediate landlord.

8. In this Schedule the expression Mvaluation list" does not include any new valuation list which came into force at any time after July 1957.

SCHEDULE 9 Section* 52, 53.

Adjustment of Rent in Rbspect of Repairs Part I

Adjustment of Rent Limit

1.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect in ascertaining the rent limit by reference to the 1956 grow value.

* 4

560

Ch. 23

Rent Act

Sen. 9 (2) If under the terms of the tenancy die tenant is responsible

for all repairs, the appropriate factor is four-thirds.

(3) If under the terms of the tenancy die tenant is responsible for some but not all repairs, the appropriate factor is such number less than two but greater than four-thirds as may be or have been agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court

2.—(1) In paragraph 1 above the expression "repairs’* does not include internal decorative repairs, but if the landlord is responsible for internal decorative repairs under the terms of the tenancy, or neither the landlord nor the tenant is responsible therefor under the terms of the tenancy but the landlord elects to be treated for the purposes of Part V of this Act as responsible therefor,—

(a) M seven-thirds " and " five-thirds " shall be substituted respectively for " two " and * four-thirds " in section 52 of this Act and in paragraph 1 above, and

(b) in the case of an election under this paragraph the question whether the rent limit applicable to any rental period beginning after the election is to be ascertained under subsection (1) or under subsection (4) of section 52 of this Act shall be determined as if the election had always had effect

(2) An election under this paragraph shall be made by notice in the prescribed form served on the tenant and shall continue in force notwithstanding any change in the person of the landlord.

(3) An election under this paragraph shall not have effect if the tenant dissents from it in writing within one month of the service on the tenant of the notice under sub-paragraph (2) above.

(4) If the tenant duly dissents. Part II of this Act shall have effect as if, in relation to the dwelling in question, the circumstances specified in Case 1 in Schedule 3 td this Act included the case where the tenant has failed to keep the dwelling in a reasonable state of internal decorative repair, having due regard to its age. character and locality.

Part n Abatement for Disrepair

Notification of disrepair to landlord

3. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect where the tenant under a controlled tenancy serves on the landlord a notice in the prescribed form stating that the dwelling or any part of it is in disrepair by reason of defects specified in the notice, and that those defects ought reasonably to be remedied, having due regard to the age, character and locality of the dwelling, and requesting the landlord to remedy them.

Landlord’s undertaking to repair and certificates of disrepair

4. —(1) If, on the expiry of six weeks from the service of a notice under paragraph 3 above, any of the defects specified in the notice

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

561

remain unremedied, then, unless the landlord has given an undertaking in the prescribed form to remedy those defects or such of them as the tenant may agree in writing to accept as sufficient, the tenant may in the prescribed form apply to the local authority for a certificate of disrepair.

(2) Any application under this paragraph shall be accompanied by a copy of the notice served on the landlord.

(3) Where an application under this paragraph is made to a local authority and the local authority are satisfied that the dwelling or any part of it is in disrepair by reason of defects specified in the notice served on the landlord and that all or any of those defects ought reasonably to be remedied, having due regard to the age, character and locality of the dwelling, they shall issue to the tenant a certificate of disrepair accordingly.

(4) Any such certificate of disrepair shall be in the prescribed form and shall specify the defects as to which the local authority are satisfied as mentioned in sub-paragraph (3) above, stating that the local authority are so satisfied.

(5) If, on an application by the tenant, the county court is satisfied, with respect to any defects, that the local authority have failed to issue a certificate of disrepair which ought to have been issued, the court shall direct the authority to proceed on the footing that, in relation to those defects, they are satisfied as to the matters specified in sub-paragraph (3) above; and if. on an application by the tenant, the county court is satisfied that any defect not specified in a certificate of disrepair ought to have been specified therein, the court shall order that the defect shall be deemed to have been specified in the certificate.

(6) The local authority shall not be concerned to inquire into any obligation as between a landlord and a tenant or into the origin of any defect; but if, on an application by the landlord, the county court is satisfied, with respect to any defect specified in a certificate of disrepair, that it is one for which die tenant is responsible, the court shall cancel the certificate with respect to that defect.

(7) If, on an application by the landlord, the county court is satisfied with respect to any defect specified in a certificate of disrepair that it ought not to have been so specified, the court shall cancel the certificate with respect to that defect

(8) Where a certificate of disrepair is cancelled under this paragraph with respect to all the defects specified therein, it shall be deemed never to have had effect; and where it is so cancelled with respect to some only of the defects specified therein, it shall be deemed never to have had those defects specified therein.

5.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 4 above, a local authority shall not issue a certificate of disrepair until the expiry of three weeks from the service by them on the landlord of a notice in the prescribed form stating that the authority propose to issue the certificate of disrepair and specifying the defects to which it is to relate; and if, within those three weeks, the landlord gives an undertaking in the prescribed form to remedy those defects and serves a copy of the undertaking on the local authority, then

Sch. 9

562

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1698

Sch. 9

1957 c. 56.

1936 c. 49.

subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the authority shall not issue the certificate.

(2) In any of the circumstances specified in sub-paragraph (3) below, the local authority may refuse to accept such an undertaking as is referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above and may issue a certificate of disrepair, and if they do so the undertaking shall be deemed never to have been given.

(3) The circumstances referred to in sub-paragraph (2) above arc—

(i a)that a previous certificate of disrepair under this Schedule

has been issued against the landlord in respect of the dwelling or any part of it; or

(b) that the landlord has previously become liable under

subsection (3) of section 10 of the Housing Act 1957, as the person having control of the dwelling or of any premises comprising the dwelling, to repay to the local authority (within the meaning of that section) any expenses incurred by them under that section; or

(c) that the landlord has previously given an undertaking

under this Schedule in respect of the dwelling, or any other dwelling in the area of the local authority, and any of the defects to which that undertaking related remained unremedied on the expiry of six months from the giving of the undertaking; or

(d) that the landlord has previously been convicted of an

offence under section 95 of the Public Health Act 1936 of failing to comply with, or contravening, a nuisance order.

6.—(1) Where, after the issue of a certificate of disrepair, the landlord applies to the local authority for the cancellation of the certificate on the ground that the defects specified in the certificate have been remedied, the local authority shall serve on the tenant a notice to the effect that, unless an objection from the tenant is received by them within three weeks from the service of the notice on the ground that those defects or any of them have not been remedied, they propose to cancel the certificate.

(2) If no objection is received as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) above, or if, in the opinion of the local authority, the objection is not justified, they shall cancel the certificate as from the date of the application or such later date as appears to them to be the date on which the defects specified in the certificate were remedied.

(3) Where the landlord has applied to the local authority for the cancellation of a certificate of disrepair and the authority have not cancelled the certificate, the landlord may apply to the county court, and if on the application the court is satisfied that the certificate ought to have been cancelled by the local authority, the court shall order that the certificate shall cease to have effect as from the date of the order or such earlier date as may be specified in die order.

(4) Where the local authority have cancelled a certificate of disrepair the tenant may apply to the county court, and if on the application the court is satisfied that the certificate ought not to

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

563

have been cancelled, the court may older that it shall be deemed not to have been cancelled.

Abatement of rent where certificate issued or undertaking not

carried out

7.—(1) Where an application lor a certificate of disrepair is granted, any notice of increase served during the period beginning six months before the date of the application and ending when the certificate ceases to be in force shall have no effect with respect to any rental period beginning while die certificate is in force, except in so far as it specifies an increase authorised by section 54 or section 56 of this Act

(2) Where a certificate of disrepair is issued, the appropriate factor applicable to any rental period beginning while the certificate is in force shall be four-thirds, and the rent limit shall be ascertained under subsection (1) of section 52 of this Act, notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of that section or section 110(4) of this Act

(3) A notice of increase served while a certificate of disrepair is in force shall be void unless it contains a statement that it will not take effect while the certificate is in force, except in so far as the increase specified in it is authorised by section 54 or section 56 of this Act

(4) Without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (1) to (3) above, but subject to sub-paragraph (5) below, the tenant shall be entitled to withhold rent otherwise recoverable for rental periods beginning while the certificate of disrepair continues in force up to an aggregate amount equal to the aggregate amount of rent for rental periods which began—

(a) on or after the date of the application for the certificate

of disrepair, and

(b) before the granting thereof,

being rent which would have been made irrecoverable by the preceding provisions of this paragraph if the certificate had been in force throughout those rental periods.

(5) The amount of rent withheld for any rental period by virtue of sub-paragraph (4) above shall not exceed the amount of rent made irrecoverable by sub-paragraphs (1) to (3) above for the first rental period beginning while the certificate is in force.

(6) Where under paragraph 4 above an application is made to the court for the cancellation of a certificate of disrepair with respect to all the defects specified therein, and the application is made within three weeks after the issue of the certificate, the rent recoverable for any rental period beginning while proceedings on the application are pending shall, until those proceedings are concluded, be deemed to be the same as if the certificate had not been issued.

8.—(1) If on the expiiy of six months from the giving of such an undertaking as is mentioned in paragraph 4 or paragraph 5 above, any defects to which the undertaking relates remain unremedied, the

Sen. 9

564

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 9 same consequences shall follow as if a certificate of disrepair had then been issued and had continued in force until the remedying of the defects, and (where the undertaking was given before any application for such a certificate had been made) as if such an application had been made when the undertaking was given.

(2) Where such an undertaking has been given, the landlord or the tenant may apply to the local authority for a certificate under this sub-paragraph, and the local authority shall certify whether any, and if so which, of the defects to which the undertaking relates remain unremedied.

(3) A certificate under sub-paragraph (2) above shall in any proceedings be evidence until the contrary is proved of the matters certified.

9. —(1) If a certificate of disrepair is issued to the tenant of a dwelling, and the dwelling, or any part of it which is in disrepair by reason of the defects specified in the certificate, is subject to a sub-tenancy which is a controlled tenancy, then unless a certificate of disrepair in respect of those defects has been issued to the sub' tenant, the same consequences shall follow as between the tenant and the sub-tenant as if a certificate of disrepair—

(a) had been issued to the sub-tenant when the certificate was

issued to the tenant, and

(b) had specified the same defects as the certificate issued to the tenant, and

(c) had been issued on an application made by die sub-tenant

when the tenant applied for the certificate issued to him, and

(d) had continued in force for the same period as that certificate.

(2) Where paragraph 8(1) above has effect as between the landlord and the tenant, sub-paragraph (1) above shall have effect accordingly as between the tenant and the sub-tenant

(3) Nothing in this paragraph shall prejudice the power of the sub-tenant to obtain a certificate of disrepair or the effect of any undertaking given to the sub-tenant

General and supplemental

10. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall apply, while a controlled tenancy continues, notwithstanding any change in the person of the landlord or the tenant

11. —<1) The defects which may be specified in a certificate of disrepair shall not include any defects in the state of internal decorative repair unless the landlord is responsible for internal decorative repairs under the terms of the tenancy or is to be treated as responsible therefor by virtue of an election under paragraph 2 of this Schedule.

(2) In considering whether or not to issue a certificate of disrepair or what defects to specify in such a certificate, the local authority shall treat the landlord as responsible for internal decorative repairs if the application for a certificate alleges that he is responsible therefor or that he is to be treated as responsible therefor by virtue

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

565

of an election under paragraph 2 of this Schedule, but in any other case the local authority shall treat the landlord as not responsible for such repairs.

(3) Paragraph 4(6) of this Schedule shall apply in relation to a defect in the state of internal decorative repair as if, for the words 41 for which the tenant is responsible", there were substituted the words 44 for which the landlord is not responsible and is not to be treated as responsible by virtue of an election under paragraph 2 of this Schedule

12. —(1) On an application to the local authority for a certificate of disrepair or a certificate under paragraph 8(2) of this Schedule, there shall be paid to the local authority a fee of two shillings and sixpence, but where a certificate of disrepair, or a certificate under that paragraph certifying that any defects remain unremedied, is granted to the tenant he shall be entitled to deduct the fee from any subsequent payment of rent to the landlord.

(2) If a certificate of disrepair is cancelled by the court under paragraph 4 of this Schedule with respect to all the defects specified in the certificate, any sum deducted under this paragraph may be recovered by the landlord.

(3) On an application to the local authority for the cancellation of a certificate of disrepair, there shall be paid to the local authority a fee of two shillings and sixpence.

13. In the case of a controlled tenancy of a dwelling which forms part of any other premises owned by or under the control of the landlord or a superior landlord,—

(a) any disrepair of the roof or of any other part of those premises which results, or may result, in disrepair of the dwelling, and

(b) any disrepair of any staircase or other approach to the dwelling contained in those premises,

shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Schedule as if it were disrepair of the dwelling.

14. The local authority shall serve a copy of every certificate of disrepair issued by them on the landlord.

15. —(1) In this Part of this Schedule, references to defects for which the tenant is responsible are references—

(a) to defects for the remedying of which, as between the landlord and the tenant, the tenant is responsible; or

(b) to defects which are due to any act, neglect or default of the tenant or any person claiming under him or to any breach by the tenant or such a person of any express agreement

(2) In this Part of this Schedule, except where the context otherwise requires, 44 local authority ", in relation to any premises, means the council of the county borough, London borough or county district in which the premises are situated or, if they are situated in the City of London, the Common Council of the City of London.

Sch. 9

566

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 9

Part III

Cbrtificath of Repair wherb Landlord is Overseas

Company

16. In a case falling within subsection (5) of section 53 of this Act, except where the tenant is responsible for all repairs, a notice of increase served in respect of the dwelling by the landlord referred to in that subsection shall not have effect unless either a certificate of repair has been issued to the landlord with respect to the dwelling not earlier than twelve months before the service of the notice of increase or a previous notice of increase served by that landlord in respect of the dwelling has had effect.

17. —(1) If. on an application for a certificate of repair made by the landlord in the prescribed form and stating the name of the tenant, the local authority are satisfied that the state of repair of the dwelling is such that (without regard to paragraph 11 of this Schedule) no certificate of disrepair could be issued in respect of the dwelling, the local authority shall issue the certificate of repair and shall serve a copy of the certificate on the tenant.

(2) On an application for a certificate of repair there shall be paid to the local authority a fee of two shillings and sixpence.

18. If. on an application for a certificate of repair, the local authority are not satisfied as mentioned in paragraph 17 above, the authority shall send to the landlord a statement of the defects in consequence of which they are unable to issue the certificate of repair and if, on an application to the county court, the landlord proves that all the defects specified in the statement are either defects for which the tenant is responsible or defects amounting only to internal decorative disrepair and for which the landlord is not responsible, the court shall order the local authority to issue a certificate of repair.

19. If, after the issue of a certificate of repair, a certificate of disrepair is issued in respect of the same dwelling, the certificate of repair shall be deemed never to have been issued.

20. —(1) In this Part of this Schedule, references to defects for which the tenant is responsible are references—

(a) to defects for the remedying of which, as between the landlord and the tenant, the tenant is responsible; or

(b) to defects which are due to any act. neglect or default of the tenant or any person claiming under him or to any breach by the tenant or such a person of any express agreement.

(2) In this Part of this Schedule " local authority ", in relation to any premises, means the council of the county borough. London borough or county district in which the premises are situated or, if they are situated in the City of London, the Common Council of the City of London.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

SCHEDULE 10 Section O.

Rent Tribunals

1. A rent tribunal shall consist of a chairman and two other members.

2. —(1) Subject to paragraph 3 below, the chairman and other members of a rent tribunal shall be appointed by the Minister.

(2) Subject to paragraph 3 below, during the absence or incapacity of any member of a rent tribunal a person appointed by the Minister shall act in his place.

3. —(1) Where a rent tribunal acts for an area (whether consisting of one or more districts in which Part VI of this Act is in operation) wholly comprised in the area for which a panel is formed under Schedule 5 to this Act, the Minister may direct the president of that panel to exercise, on behalf of the Minister, the Minister's powers of appointment under paragraph 2 above.

(2) A person appointed by the president of a panel by virtue of a direction under this paragraph shall be selected by the president from that panel.

(3) While a direction is in force under this paragraph section 3

of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 (appointment of chairmen) 1958 c. 66. shall not apply to the rent tribunal in question, but the president shall appoint as chairman or person to act as chairman of the rent tribunal either himself or one of the other members of the panel appointed by the Lord Chancellor.

4. The members and acting members of a rent tribunal shall receive such remuneration and such travelling and other allowances as the Minister of Housing and Local Government may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

5. —(1) A rent tribunal may appoint a clerk and, with the approval of the Minister of Housing and Local Government as to numbers, such other officers and servants as they think fit

(2) There shall be paid to the clerk and other officers and servants such salary and allowances as the Minister of Housing and Local Government, with the consent of the Treasury, may determine.

6. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) the remuneration and allowances of members and acting

members of a rent tribunal;

(b) the salaries and allowances of the clerk and other officers appointed under this Schedule; and

(c) such other expenses of a rent tribunal as the Treasury may

determine.

568

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Section 86.

SCHEDULE II

Premium allowed on assignment of Tenancy wherb Premium lawfully paid on Grant

1. —(1) The provisions of this Schedule apply where—

(a) a premium was lawfully required and paid, or lawfully received, in respect of the grant, continuance or renewal erf a protected tenancy of a dwelling-house which is a regulated tenancy; and

(b) since that grant, continuance or renewal, the landlord has not granted a tenancy of the dwelling-house under which, as against the landlord, a person became entitled to possession, other than the person who was so entitled to possession of the dwelling-house immediately before that tenancy began; and

(c) a rent for the dwelling-house is registered under Part IV

of this Act and the rent so registered is higher than the rent payable under the tenancy.

(2) Any reference in this Schedule to a premium does not include a premium which consisted only of any such outgoings, sum or amount as fell within section 86(3) of this Act and, in the case of a premium which included any such outgoings, sum or amount, so much only of the premium as does not consist of those outgoings, sum or amount shall be treated as the premium for the purposes of this Schedule.

2. In a case where this Schedule applies, nothing in section 86 of this Act shall prevent any person from requiring or receiving, on an assignment of the protected tenancy referred to in paragraph 1(a) above or any subsequent protected tenancy of the same dwelling-house, a premium which does not exceed an amount calculated (subject to paragraph 4 below) in accordance with the formula in paragraph 3 below.

3. The formula mentioned in paragraph 2 above is—

P X A G

where

P is the premium referred to in paragraph 1(a) above;

A is the length of the period beginning on the date on which the assignment in question takes effect and ending on the relevant date; and

G is the length of the period beginning on the date of the grant, continuance or renewal in respect of which the premium was paid and ending on the relevant date.

4. —(1) If, although the registered rent is higher than the rent payable under the tenancy, the lump sum equivalent of the difference is less than the premium, paragraph 3 above shall have effect as if P were the lump sum equivalent

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

569

(2) For the purposes ot this Schedule, the lump sum equivalent of Sch. 11 the difference between the two rents referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above shall be taken to be that difference multiplied by the number of complete rental periods falling within the period beginning with the grant, continuance or renewal in respect of which the premium was paid and ending on the relevant date.

5. Where any rates in respect of the dwelling-house are borne by the landlord or a superior landlord, the amount of the registered rent shall be taken, for the purposes of this Schedule, to be increased by the amount of the rates so borne in respect of the rental period comprising the date from which the registration took effect

6. —(1) Any reference in this Schedule to the relevant date shall be construed in accordance with this paragraph.

(2) Where the tenancy referred to in paragraph 1(a) above was granted, continued or renewed for a term of years certain exceeding seven years and that term has not expired when the assignment takes effect, the relevant date is the date of the expiry of that term.

(3) In any other case, the relevant date is the date of the expiry of seven years from the commencement of the term, or. as the case may be, the continuance or renewal of the term in respect of which the premium was paid.

(4) For the purposes of this paragraph—

(a) a term of years shall be treated as certain notwithstanding

that it is liable to determination by re-entry or on the happening of any event other than the giving of notice by the landlord to determine the term; and

(b) a term of years determinable by the landlord giving notice to determine it shall be treated as a term of years certain expiring on the earliest date on which such a notice given after the date of the assignment would be capable of taking effect

SCHEDULE 12 Section 96.

Restrictions applicable to Controlled Mortgages

Part I

Restrictions relating to intbrest rates

1.—(1) This paragraph applies to a controlled mortgage which was created before 2nd July 1920 and to which, on that date and immediately before the commencement of this Act the Increase of Rent 1920 c. 17. and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920 applied.

(2) If the rate of interest on a mortgage to which this paragraph applies has been, at any time since 25th March 1920, or is, after the commencement of this Act, increased beyond the limit permitted under this paragraph, the amount of the excess over that limit is irrecoverable from the mortgagor, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary.

570

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 12

1939 c. 71.

1952 c. 40.

1954 c. 53.

(3) The limit to which the rate of interest payable in respect of a mortgage to which this paragraph applies may be increased is per cent per annum or 1 per cent per annum above the standard rate of interest whichever is the less.

(4) In this paragraph " the standard rate of interest " means—

(a) in the case of a mortgage which was in force on 3rd August * 1914. the rate of interest payable at that date; and

(b) in the case of any other mortgage to which this paragraph applies, the original rate of interest.

2. —(1) This paragraph applies to a controlled mortgage to which the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts 1920 to 1933, as modified by Schedule 1 to the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1939, applied immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(2) In so far as the rate of interest on a mortgage to which this paragraph applies has been, at any time since 1st September 1939, or is, after the commencement of this Act, increased beyond the standard rate of interest, the amount of the excess is irrecoverable from the mortgagor, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary.

(3) In this paragraph " the standard rate of interest * means-

fa) in the case of a mortgage which was in force on 1st September 1939, the rate of interest payable at that date; and

(b) in the case of any other mortgage to which this paragraph applies, the original rate of interest.

(4) Sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) above shall have effect subject to paragraphs 3 and 4 below.

3. In relation to a mortgage to which paragraph 2 above applies but which became a mortgage to which the Acts referred to in that paragraph applied by virtue of the Crown Lessees (Protection of Sub-Tenants) Act 1952, for any reference in paragraph 2 above to 1st September 1939 there shall be substituted a reference to 8th February 1952.

4. In relation to a mortgage to which paragraph 2 above applies but which became a mortgage to which the Acts referred to in that paragraph applied by virtue of section 33 of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954, for any reference in paragraph 2 above to 1st September 1939 there shall be substituted a reference to the following date, that is to say,—

(a) 11th November 1953, if on that date the dwelling-house which is the subject of the mortgage was let under a tenancy to which the Acts referred to in paragraph 2(1) above applied as from the commencement of the said Act of 1954; and

(b) in any other case, the date between 11th November 1953 and the commencement of that Act (30th August 1954) on which it was first so let

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

571

Part n

Restrictions on enforcement of security

5.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, a mortgagee under a controlled mortgage shall not be entitled to call in his mortgage or to take any steps for exercising any right of foreclosure or sale, or for otherwise enforcing his security or for recovering the principal money thereby secured if and so long as—

(a) interest at the rate permitted under this Schedule is paid

and is not more than twenty-one days in arrears; and

(b) the mortgagor’s covenants are performed and observed (but for this purpose the covenant for the repayment of the principal money secured shall be disregarded); and

(c) the mortgagor keeps the property in a proper state of repair;

and

(d) the mortgagor pays all interest and instalments of principal recoverable under any prior incumbrance.

(2) Nothing in this paragraph affects any power of sale exercisable by a mortgagee who,—

(a) in the case of a mortgage falling within paragraph 1 above,

was in possession on 25th March 1920; or

(b) in the case of a mortgage falling within paragraph 2 above,

was in possession on 1st September 1939 or whichever other date is relevant for the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) of that paragraph, having regard to the provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 above.

6. —(1) Paragraph 5 above does not apply to a mortgage where the principal money secured thereby is repayable by means of periodical instalments extending over a term of not less than ten years from the creation of the mortgage.

(2) Paragraph 5 above does not apply in any case where the mortgagor consents to the exercise by the mortgagee of the powers conferred by the mortgage.

7. —(1) If a controlled mortgage is a mortgage of a leasehold interest and the mortgagee satisfies the county court that his security is seriously diminishing in value or is otherwise in jeopardy, and for that reason it is reasonable that the mortgage should be called in and enforced, the court may by order authorise him to call in and enforce the same, and thereupon paragraph 5 above shall not apply to the mortgage.

(2) Any order under sub-paragraph (1) above may be made subject to a condition that it shall not take effect if the mortgagor, within such time as the court directs, pays to the mortgagee such portion of the principal sum secured as appears to the court to correspond to the diminution of the security.

Sen. 12

572

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Section 110.

SCHEDULE 13

Rents of Subsidised Private Housbs not subject to Controlled Tenancies

1.—(1) The provisions of this paragraph apply, subject to sub-paragraph (6) of this paragraph and to paragraph 2 below, where a condition to which section 110 of this Act applies—

(a) was imposed before 8th December 1965. and

(b) limits the rent under a tenancy which is not a controlled tenancy.

(2) Any such condition as is referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above shall limit, or as the case may be shall have effect as if it limited, the rent to the amount which would be the rent limit if the tenancy were a controlled tenancy and, —

(a) in ascertaining that amount in a case where a dwelling-house was produced by the conversion of any premises and the conversion resulted in a change in the valuation list after 7th November 1956, any entry in that list before the change shall be disregarded; and

(b) the provisions of Part V of this Act enabling rents to be increased and the provisions of that Part and of section 105(1) of this Act conferring jurisdiction on the county court shall apply in relation to the tenancy as they apply in relation to a controlled tenancy.

(3) In sub-paragraph (2) above "the rent limit* has the same meaning as in Part V of this Act except that if any such condition as is referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above was imposed before 6th July 1957 and then limited the rent to an amount exceeding what would be the rent limit if ascertained under subsections (1) and (2) of section 52 of this Act, the rent limit shall be that amount, subject however to the provisions of subsection (3) of that section.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of section 56 of this Act, for the purposes of that section as applied by sub-paragraph (2X6) above, a reference to any tenant of the dwelling shall be substituted in that subsection for the reference to a tenant under a controlled tenancy and the appropriate percentage shall be 12£ per cent, in relation to the rent under any tenancy created by a lease or agreement coming into operation after the time when die improvement is begun; but for this purpose, where a person to whom a tenancy was granted was, immediately before the granting, the tenant under another tenancy and the premises comprised in one of the tenancies are the same as, or consist of or include part of, the premises comprised in the other, the two tenancies shall be treated as together constituting one tenancy created by the lease or agreement which created the first of the two tenancies.

(5) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as applying the provisions of Part Q of Schedule 9 to this Act to a tenancy which is not a controlled tenancy.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

573

(6) In any case where, by virtue of section 33 of the Housing Sol 13 (Financial Provisions) Act 1958, the condition falling within sub-1958 e. 42 paragraph (1) above is that in paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to that Act and either—

(a) the application for the grant, as a result of which the con-

dition was imposed, was made on or after 16th August 1964, or

(b) the application for the grant was made before that date

but, by virtue of section 12 of the House Purchase and 1959 c. 33. Housing Act 1959, the condition limits the rent to a rent fixed under subsection (1) of that section which is higher than the limit which would apply under sub-paragraph (2) above,

then sub-paragraph (2) above shall not apply and the condition shall continue to limit the rent as it did before the commencement of this Act.

2. —(1) The provisions of this paragraph apply where such a condition as is referred to in paragraph 1(1) above limits the rent under a tenancy which is neither a regulated nor a controlled tenancy and either—

(a) the interest of the landlord belongs to a housing trust, as

mentioned in subsection (2Xg) of section 5 of this Act; or

(b) that interest belongs to a housing association, as mentioned in subsection (5) of that section, and one of the conditions specified in subsection (6) of that section is fulfilled.

(2) Where this paragraph applies, sub-paragraphs (2) to (6) of paragraph 1 above shall not have effect in relation to the condition in question.

(3) In a case where this paragraph applies, the condition shall limit, or as the case may be shall have effect as if it limited, the rent to such amount as may from time to time be or have been agreed between the housing trust or association and the local authority or as may, in default of agreement, be or have been determined by the Minister; but if the condition was imposed before 6th July 1957 it shall, until the said amount has been so agreed

or determined, have effect as if this Act and the Rent Act 1957 had 1957 c. 25. not been passed.

3. -H(l) The provisions of this paragraph apply in relation to a condition imposed by virtue of section 33 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 if—

(a) the condition is imposed after the commencement of this

Act or was imposed after 7th December 1965; and

(b) the condition limits the rent under a tenancy which is neither a regulated nor a controlled tenancy; and

(c) either the interest of the landlord belongs to a housing

trust, as mentioned in subsection (2Xg) of section 5 of this Act, or that interest belongs to a housing association, as mentioned in subsection (5) of that section, and one of the conditions specified in subsection (6) of that section is fulfilled.

574

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sea. 13

1938 c. 42.

1959 c. 33. Section 117(1).

1957 c. 25.

1920. c. 17.

(2) In a cate where this paragraph applies, the condition shall limit, or as the case may be shall have effect as if it limited, the rent to such amount as may from time to time be or have been agreed between the housing trust or association and the local authority or as may, in default of agreement, be or have been determined by the Minister.

4. —(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) below, in paragraphs 2 and 3 above 14 local authority ", in relation to any premises, means the council of the county borough, London borough or county district in which the premises are situated or, if they are situated in the City of London, the Common Council of the City of London.

(2) In the case of houses the construction of which was promoted either by the London County Council or by the Greater London Council or in respect of which improvement grants were made by either of those councils under the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958, the reference in sub-paragraph (1) above to the local authority shall be construed as a reference to the Greater London Council.

5. Any reference in this Schedule to a condition imposed by virtue of section 33 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 includes a reference to a condition imposed by virtue of that section as applied by section 7 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959.

SCHEDULE 14

Modifications Applicable to Certain Existing Protbcied and Statutory Tenancies

Dwelling-houses controlled before 1939

1.—(1) If, in relation to a dwelling-house which immediately before the commencement of this Act was let on or subject to a controlled tenancy within the meaning of the Rent Act 1957. the relevant enactment in force at that time for the purpose of determining whether any land or premises let together with such a dwelling-house was to be treated as part of the dwelling-house was proviso (iii) to section 12(2) of the Act of 1920 (and not section 3(3) of the Act of 1939), then, in relation to that controlled tenancy, for subsection (2) of section 1 of this Act there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

(2) For the purposes of this Act, any land or premises let together with a dwelling-house shall, if the original rateable value of the land or premises let separately would be less than one-quarter of the original rateable value of the dwelling-house, be treated as part of the dwelling-house; and for the purposes of this subsection 44the original rateable value" means the value which, before the commencement of this Act, was the rateable value for the purposes of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920.

(2) If, immediately before the commencement of this Act, a dwelling-house was let on or subject to a controlled tenancy within

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

575

the meaning of the Rent Act 1957 and. for the purpose of deter- Sgh. 14 mining that the controlled tenancy was not excluded from the Act 1957 0.25. of 1920 by virtue of section 12(7) of that Act (tenancies at less than two-thirds of rateable value), the expression " rateable value " fell to be construed in accordance with paragraph (e) of section 12(1) of the Act of 1920 as originally enacted (and not in accordance with the substituted paragraph set out in Schedule 1 to the Act of 1939) then, in relation to that controlled tenancy, for paragraph (a) of section 7(3) of this Act there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

(a) the rent payable under the tenancy is not less than two-thirds of the value which, before the commencement of this Act. was the rateable value of the dwelling-house for the purposes of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest 1920 c. 17. (Restrictions) Act 1920.

(3) In this paragraph " the Act of 1920 " means the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920 and " the Act of 1939 " means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1939 c. 71. 1939.

Controlled tenancies of dwelling-houses over 1965 limits of rateable value

2. If the rateable value of a dwelling-house on 23rd March 1965 exceeded the relevant limit in paragraph (a) of section 1(1) of this Act but the rateable value (determined in accordance with paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this Act) of that dwelling-house on 7th November 1956 did not exceed the relevant limit in paragraph 1(a) of that Schedule, then no account shall be taken of paragraph (a) of section 1(1) of this Act in determining whether the dwelling-house is let on or subject to a controlled tenancy.

Certain controlled tenancies excluded from orders under s. 8

3. An order under section 8 of this Act shall not apply to a controlled tenancy which is a statutory tenancy subsisting under section 4 of the Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) 1955 c. 24. Act 1955.

SCHEDULE 15 Section 117(2).

Amendments of other Enactments

Enactment

Amendment

The Housing (Rural Workers) Act 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 56).

In section 3. in subsection (1). for paragraph (Jb) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

(b) the rent payable by the occupier in respect of the dwelling shall not exceed the limit imposed by section 110 of or Schedule 13 to the Rent Act 1968. and no fine, premium or other like sum shall be taken in addition to the rent.

576 Sch. 15

Ch. 23 Rent Act

Enactment Amendment

The Landlord and In section 16, for the words from " anything Tenant Act 1927 to the contrary " (in the section as originally (17 & 18 Geo. 5. enacted) to the end of the section there shall c. 36). be substituted the words " and shall be so

recoverable notwithstanding anything in Part V of the Rent Act 1968 ".

The Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951 (14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 65).

In section 14(2), for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

(a) is a dwelling-house which consists of or comprises premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquor on the premises; or.

In section 15, in subsection (1), for the words in paragraph (a) from "subsection" to " 1946 " there shall be substituted the words "section 70(1) of the Rent Act 1968"; for the words from "(c) the conditions" to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the following:—

(c) the condition specified in subsection OX*) of section 78 of the Rent Act 1968 is not fulfilled,

the said section 78 shall apply in relation to the notice to quit as if that condition had been fulfilled as to the contract under which that tenancy subsists;

in subsection (3) of that section, as originally enacted, for the words from the beginning to the second "quit" there shall be substituted the words " The subsistence of a Crown interest in premises shall not affect the operation of this section " and at the end of that subsection there shall be added the words " but nothing in this subsection shall be construed as excluding the operation of this Part of this Act in cases where there subsists a Crown interest not being the reversion immediately expectant on the tenancy in question"; in subsections (4) and (5) of that section for the words " section eleven ", in each place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words "section 78"; and in subsection (5) of that section, for the words from "the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act 1946" to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " Part VI of the Rent Act 1968 by section 70(4) of that Act".

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

577

Enactment

Amendment

The Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951 (14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 65)— cont.

In section 16, in subsection (1), for the words " the Rent Restrictions Acts " there shall be substituted the words 44 Part II of the Rent Act 1968 and for subsection (2) of that section there shall be substituted the following subsections:—

(2) The circumstances referred to in the last preceding subsection are any one or more of the following, that is to say,—

(a) that the rateable value on the appropriate day (as defined for the purposes of the Rent Act 1968) of the premises which are the rented family residence, or of a property of which at the ending of the tenancy qualifying for protection those premises form part, exceeded the relevant limit specified in subsection (l)(a) of section 1 of that Act;

(b) that the reversion immediately expectant on the tenancy qualifying for protection belongs to any of the bodies specified in subsection (2) of section 5 of the Rent Act 1968 other than the Housing Corporation;

(c) that the reversion immediately expectant on the tenancy qualifying for protection belongs to such a housing association as is referred to in subsection (5) of section 5 of the Rent Act 1968 and that one of the conditions specified in subsection (6) of that section is fulfilled;

(d) that immediately before the ending of the tenancy qualifying for protection the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (a) of section 2(1) of the Rent Act 1968 applied with respect to that tenancy or with respect to a tenancy having effect subject to that tenancy;

(e) that immediately before the ending of the tenancy qualifying for protection those premises were let together with agricultural land exceeding two acres in extent but were not such a

T

Sew. 15

Rent Act 1968

578 Ch. 23

See. 15 Enactment Amendment

The Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951 (14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 65)—cont. dwelling-house as is mentioned in paragraph (ef) of section 2(1) of the Rent Act 1968. (3) The following provisions of this section shall have effect with respect to a statutory tenancy arising under this section. (4) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the rent for any rental period for which it is neither increased nor reduced under the provisions of Part V of the Rent Act 1968 shall be of an amount equal to the rent limit ascertained under section 52(1) of that Act. (5) Where the rent payable for the last rental period of the tenancy qualifying for protection (hereinafter referred to as "the contractual rent*') was greater than the amount mentioned in subsection (4) of this section, the rent payable for any such rental period as is mentioned in that subsection shall be of an amount equal to the contractual rent; and where this subsection has effect the rent limit shall be an amount equal to the contractual rent, but subject to adjustment from time to time under sections 54 and 55 of the Rent Act 1968 and under section 56 thereof except with respect to improvements completed before the beginning of the statutory tenancy, and to reduction as provided by Part II of Schedule 9 to that Act in case of disrepair. (6) Subsections (4) and (5) of this section shall have effect subject to any agreement between the parties for the payment of a lower rent; and where a lower rent is agreed it shall not be increased under Part V of the Rent Act 1968, but may, notwithstanding anything in that Part of that Act, be increased up to the rent limit by agreement in writing between the parties. (7) In subsections (4) to (6) of this section, " improvement ", " rental period " and " the rent limit " have the same meanings as in Part V of the Rent Act 1968.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

579

Enactment

The Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951 (14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 65)—cont.

Amendment

In section 17, in subsection (1), for the words from " (6) by reason only " to the words "the said section eight" there shall be substituted the words—

" (b)by reason only of such circumstances as are mentioned in subsection (2) of the last preceding section, subsection (1) of section 102 of the Rent Act 1968 (provisions where tenant shares accommodation with persons other than landlord) did not have effect with respect to the separate accommodation,

the said section 102";

and in place of subsection (2) of that section (which was repealed by the Rent Act 1957) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

(2) The provisions of subsections (4) to

(7) of section 16 of this Act shall have effect with respect to a statutory tenancy arising under this section as they have effect with respect to a statutory tenancy arising under that section.

In section 18, in subsection (1), for the words "the Rent Restrictions Acts" there shall be substituted the words "Part II of the Rent Act 1968" and for the words " a dwelling-house to which those Acts apply" there shall be substituted the words " a dwelling-house subject to a statutory tenancy within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968 "; and in place of subsection (2) of that section (which was repealed by the Rent Act 1957) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

(2) The provisions of subsections (4) to

(7) of section 16 of this Act shall have effect with respect to a statutory tenancy arising under this section as they have effect with respect to a statutory tenancy arising under that section.

In section 19, in subsection (1), for the words " the Rent Restrictions Acts " there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 "; subsection (4) of that section shall be omitted; in subsection (5) of that section, for the words " mortgage to which the Rent Restrictions Acts apply" there shall be substituted the words " controlled

Sch. 15

580

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sen. 15

Enactment

The Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951 (14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 65)—cont.

Amendment

mortgage " and for the words from " the expression* to the end of the subsection, there shall be substituted the words "the expression * mortgage * includes any charge registered under the Land Registration Act 1925 and the expression * controlled mortgage * has the same meaning as in Part VUI of the Rent Act 1968 *; and subsection (6) of that section shall be omitted.

In section 20, in subsection (1), for the words " paragraph (a) of the First Schedule to the Rent Act of 1933 * there shall be substituted the words " Case 1 in Schedule 3 to the Rent Act 1968’*; in subsection (2) of that section, for the words " Paragraph (g) of the said First Schedule* there shall be substituted the words " Case 7 in the said Schedule 3 *, and for the words " the Rent Restrictions Acts apply ", in paragraph (b) of that subsection, there shall be substituted the words " Part II of the Rent Act 1968 applies in relation *’; in subsection (3) of that section, for the words " the said First Schedule" there shall be substituted the words "the Cases in Part I of the said Schedule 3 * and for the words " subsection (1) of section 3 of the Rent Act of 1933 " there shall be substituted the words " section 10(1) of the Rent Act 1968 *\

In section 21, in subsection (1), for the words from " paragraph 1 * to " 1948 * there shall be substituted the words * paragraph

(d) of section 2(1) of the Rent Act 1968 *\

In section 22, in subsection (1), for the words from " brought before " to " 1946 * there shall be substituted the words " brought under Part in of the Rent Act 1965 or under Part II, Part HI or Part IV of the Rent Act 1968, or of any proceedings consequential upon the making of a reference or application to a rent tribunal under Part VI of that Act ", and after subsection (3) of that section there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

(3A) In relation to any proceedings before a rent officer or rent assessment committee, within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968, subsections (1) to (3) of this section shall have effect as if the references to the court or tribunal included references to a rent officer or rent assessment committee.

Enactment

The Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951 (14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 65)—cont.

The Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954 (2&3 Eliz. 2. c. 53).

The Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 (2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 56).

Rent Act 1968 Ch. 23 581

Amendment Sch. I

In section 23, in subsection (1), in the definition of "agricultural land " for the words " in the Rent Act of 1939 " there shall be substituted the words "it has for the purposes of section 1(2) of the Rent Act 1968 ", in the definitions of " landlord " and " tenant " and of " statutory tenancy " for the words " the Rent Restrictions Acts " and " those Acts " there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 and in subsection (3) of that section, for the words " the Rent Restrictions Acts " there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 64, in subsection (1), the definition beginning "Rent Restrictions Acts" shall be omitted.

In section 50(1), for the words "Part II of this Act", there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 1, for the words " Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act ".

In section 2, in subsection (1), for the words " Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act "; and in subsection (5), in the passage substituted for paragraphs (a) and (b) by section 39(l)(fi)(ii) of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967, for the words " Rent Act 1965", there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 3(3), for the words " Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act".

In section 6, in subsection (1), for the words " the Rent Acts shall apply " there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act shall apply"; and in subsection (2) of that section for the words "said Acts" there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act".

In section 7(6), for the words " Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act".

In section 10(2), for the words from " on any of the grounds " to " Act of 1933 " there shall be substituted the words " in any of the circumstances specified in Cases 1 to 3 in Schedule 3 to the Rent Act ".

582

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 15

Enactment Amendment

The Landlord and In section 12, in subsection (1X6), for the Tenant Act 1954 words from "grounds on which’' to the

(2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 56) end of the subsection there shall be

—cont. substituted the words " Cases 1 to 8 in

Schedule 3 to the Rent Act which specify circumstances in which a court may make an order for possession under that Act) and in subsection (2)(a) of that section for the words "Rent Acts" there shall be substituted the words * Rent Act

In section 18(2), for the words " Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act".

In section 21(4), for the words " Rent Acts apply " there shall be substituted the words "Rent Act applies" and for the words "Rent Acts", in the second place where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act".

In section 22, in subsection (1) for the definition of " the Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the following definition:—

"the Rent Act" means the Rent Act 1968 as it applies to regulated tenancies but exclusive of Parts III to VI thereof;

and in subsection (2) of that section for the words "Rent Acts" there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act".

In section 43(1), for paragraph (c) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

(c) to a tenancy which is excluded from this Part of this Act by section 9(3) of the Rent Act 1968; or.

In Schedule 1, in paragraph 17, for the words " paragraph (a) of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 " there shall be substituted the words "Case 1 in Schedule 3 to the Rent Act"; and in paragraph 19 of that Schedule, for the words " Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act".

In Schedule 2, in paragraph 4, for the words " paragraph (a) of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 " there shall be substituted the words " Case 1 in Schedule 3 to the Rent Act

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

583

Enactment

The Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 (2&3 Eliz.2. c. 56)

— cont.

The Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act 1955 (3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 24).

The Housing Act 1957 (5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 56).

Amendment

In Schedule 3, for paragraph 2, there shall be Sca* 15 substituted the following paragraph:—

2. Part IV of Schedule 3 to the Rent Act (which relates to the circumstances in which suitable accommodation is to be deemed to be available for the tenant) shall apply for the purposes of this Schedule as it applies for the purposes of section 10(lXa) of that Act

In section 4, in paragraph (b) of subsection (2), for the words "the Rent Acts'* and the words "those Acts" there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 *'; after the words " terms and conditions ", in the paragraph as originally enacted, there shall be inserted the words "(other than terms as to rent) in subsection (3) of that section, for the words from the beginning to " of a dwelling *' there shall be substituted the words "Subject to the provisions of the Rent Act 1968, the rent of a dwelling"; and subsection (4) of that section shall be omitted.

In sections 16(5), 22(5), 27(5), 45(6) and 57(9), for the words " the Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words "the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 68, in subsection (2), for the words "to which the Rent Acts apply" there shall be substituted the words "let on or subject to a protected or statutory tenancy, within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968 for the words "the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act 1933 " there shall be substituted the words

" the Rent Act 1968 and for the words " subsection (2) of section three of" there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 1 of Part IV of Schedule 3 to

In section 73(4), for the words "the Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 104, in subsection (3) as it applies to conditions imposed under that subsection after 7th December 1965, in paragraph (b) (as originally enacted) the words " to the limit imposed by section twenty of the Rent Act 1957 " shall be omitted; and in that paragraph as it applies to conditions imposed before 8th December 1965, for

584

Ch. 23

Rent Act

Sch. 15

Enactment

Amendment

The Housing Act 1957 (5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 56) —cont.

The Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 (6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 42).

The Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 (6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 66).

The County Courts Act 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 22).

the words " section twenty of the Rent Act 1957 " there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 13 to the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 158(1), for the words "the Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 189(1) the definition of "the Rent Acts " shall be omitted.

In Schedule 2, in paragraph 7(2), for the words "the Rent Acts" there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 46, in subsection (1), as it applies to conditions imposed under that section after 7th December 1965, for paragraph (A) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

(A) if let, is let at a rent which does not exceed such rent as the council may from time to time determine as being in its opinion the rent which it would have been appropriate for the council to charge if the house bad been provided by the council; and in that paragraph, as it applies to conditions imposed before 8th December 1965, for the words " section twenty of the Rent Act 1957 " there shall be substituted the words " section 110 of or Schedule 13 to the Rent Act 1968 ".

In Schedule 4, in paragraph 4, for the words "section twenty of the Rent Act 1957" there shall be substituted the words "section 110 of or Schedule 13 to the Rent Act 1968 ".

In Schedule 1, in the entry beginning " Rents", for the words "under section one of the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act 1946 " there shall be substituted the words " in accordance with section 69 of the Rent Act 1968".

In section 94, in subsection (1), for paragraph (A) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

(A) proceedings arising under Part III of the Rent Act 1965 or under any provision of the Rent Act 1968 other than a provision contained in Part VI or Part VII thereof.

In section 109(4), for the words from " section three " to " subsequent enactments " there shall be substituted the words " section 10 of the Rent Act 1968, as it applies to

.dby

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

585

Enactment

The County Courts Act 1959 (7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 22)—cont.

The House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 (7 A 8 Eliz. 2. c. 33).

The Town and Country Planning Act 1962 (10 A 11 Eliz. 2. c. 38).

The Landlord and Tenant Act 1962 (10 A 11 Eliz. 2. c. 50).

Amendment

Cases 1 to 8 in Schedule 3 to that Act or, of that section as extended or applied by any other enactment".

In section 147(2), for the words " subsection

(4) of section five of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920 " there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 14 of Schedule 16 to the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 12, in subsection (1), for the words "the commencement of this Act" there shall be substituted the words " 15th August 1964", for the words "section twenty of the Rent Act 1957 " there shall be substituted the words "section 56(2) of the Housing Act 1964" and for the words " the Rent Act 1957 " in the next place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words " Part V of the Rent Act 1968 in subsection (2), for the words from " section twenty " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " section 56(2) "; and in subsection (5), for the words " section twenty " there shall be substituted the words " section 56(2) ".

In section 29(1), in the definition of "controlled tenancy ", for the words " the Rent Act 1957" there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 84(3), for the words "the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts 1920 to 1939" there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 2(1), in paragraph (6), for the words " the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act 1946 " there shall be substituted the words " Part VI of the Rent Act 1968 in paragraph (c), for the words from " to which " to " apply " there shall be substituted the words "let on or subject to a protected or statutory tenancy, within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968 "; and for the words "such a dwelling-house" there shall be substituted the words "let on or subject to such a protected or statutory tenancy ".

For section 5, there shall be substituted the following section:—

5.—(1) Section 107 of the Rent Act 1968 (which relates to the powers of local authorities with respect to the publishing

T*

Sea. IS

586

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 15

Enactment

Amendment

The Landlord and Tenant Act 1962 (10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 50)—cont.

of information) shall have effect as if this Act were included among the provisions of that Act specified in subsection (3) of that section.

(2) Proceedings for an offence under this Act may be instituted by any local authority to which the said section 107 applies.

The Housing Act 1964 In section 44(2X«), for the words from (1964 c. 56). 44 tenant (as defined " to " entitled to a

tenancy" there shall be substituted the words " statutory tenant within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 56, in subsection (2), for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

(b) which is not prevented from being a protected tenancy by reason only of subsection (2)0r) or subsection (5) of section 5 of the Rent Act 1968 (tenancies where landlord is housing trust or housing association), and for the words " section 20 of the Rent Act 1957" there shall be substituted the words 44 section 110 of or Schedule 13 to the Rent Act 1968"; in subsection (3) of that section, for the words 44 Schedule 2 to the Rent Act 1957" there shall be substituted the words 44 Schedule 4 to the Rent Act 1968"; in subsection (4) of that section, for the words from the beginning to 44 1957 " there shall be substituted the words 44 Sections 53, 54, 55, 56 (except subsection (5)), 57(1), 59, 67(4) and 105 of the Rent Act 1968 ", for the words44 under that Act" in each place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words44 under Part V of that Act ", in paragraph (a) of that subsection for the words 44 sections 3 and 4 " there shall be substituted the words 44 sections 54 and 55 " and in paragraph (b) of that subsection, for the words 44 section 5 " there shall be substituted the words "section 56(1)" and for the words "the commencement of that Act" there shall be substituted the words "5th July 1957"; for subsection (7) of that section there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

(7) Expressions used in this section have the same meanings as in Part V of the Rent Act 1968;

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

587

Enactment

The Housing Act 1964 (1964 c. 56)—

The New Towns Act 1965 (1965 c. 59).

The Rent Act 1965 (1965 c. 75).

Amendment

in subsection (8) of that section, the words M and accordingly " and paragraphs (a) and (6) shall be omitted; and in subsection (9) of that section, for the words " section 20 of the Rent Act 1957" there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 13 to the Rent Act 1968

In section 74(2), for the words " the Rent Acts '* there shall be substituted the words * the Rent Act 1968

In section 75(3), for the words from the beginning to " Rent Acts) * there shall be substituted the words " Section 5 of the Rent Act 1968 (which excludes lettings by local authorities from being protected tenancies within the meaning of that Act) ", for the words from "a tenancy" to "continuing to apply" there shall be substituted the words "a protected or statutory tenancy, within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968, nothing in this Part of this Act shall prevent the continuance of that protected or statutory tenancy nor affect the continued operation of that Act in relation to that protected or statutory tenancy ".

In section 81(3), for the words " section 1 of the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act 1946 " there shall be substituted the words "section 69 of the Rent Act 1968 ".

In Schedule 2, in paragraph 4, for the words " section 5 of the Rent Act 1957 " there shall be substituted the words "section 56(1) of the Rent Act 1968 ".

In Schedule 4, for the words " s. 11(2) of the Rent Act 1957" in the cross-heading preceding paragraph 2, and for the words in that paragraph from " section 11(2) " to "Rent Acts)", there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 1(d) of Schedule 2 to the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 22(3), for the words " the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts 1920 to 1939 " there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 32, in subsection (1), after the words " which is not a " there shall be inserted the word "statutorily"; and at the end of subsection (4) there shall be added the words "within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968

T* 2

Sch. 13

588

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 15

Enactment The Rent Act 1965 (1965 c. 75)—cont.

The Matrimonial Homes Act 1967 (1967 c. 75).

The Leasehold Reform Act 1967 (1967 c. 88).

Amendment

In section 34, for the words " protected tenancy’* there shall be substituted the words " statutorily protected tenancy " and in paragraph (a) of that section for the words from the beginning to " or " there shall be substituted the words " a protected tenancy within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968 or a tenancy to which '*.

In section 1(5) for the words from " the Rent Acts " to * 1949 " there shall be substituted the words " the Rent Act 1968 (other than Part VI thereof)".

In section 7, in subsections (1) and (2), for the words " tenancy to which the Rent Acts apply ", in each place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words " protected tenancy "; in subsection (3) of that section, for the words from "the Rent Acts " to " 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " paragraphs 1 to 3 or, as the case may be, paragraphs 5 to 7 of Schedule 1 to the Rent Act 1968 ", and for subsection (8) of that section there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

(8) In this section the expressions " landlord ", " protected tenancy ",

"statutory tenancy" and "tenancy" have the same meaning as in the Rent Act 1968.

In section 8 of that Act, in subsection (3), for the words from the beginning to " the Acts or" there shall be substituted the words " References in this Act to any enactment are references to that ".

In section 1(4), for the words " section 43(3) of the Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " section 6(3) of the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 4(l)(a), for the words " section 43(3) of the Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " section 6(3) of the Rent Act 1968 ".

In section 16(1X<0, for the words " the Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words "Part II of the Rent Act 1968 or any enactment applying or extending that Part of that Act ".

In section 37(6), for the words "Sections 43(1), (2) and (4) of the Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " Sections 6(1), (2) and (4) of the Rent Act 1968 ".

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

589

Enactment

The Leasehold Reform Act 1967 (1967 c. 88)—com.

Amendment

In section 39, in subsections (1X^X") and (2), for the words " Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act 1968

In Schedule 2, in paragraph 3, in sub-paragraph (2), for the words from " section 15(3)" to "enactment" there shall be substituted the words " subsection (2) of section 18 of the Rent Act 1968, or any enactment (including subsection (3) of that section) " and in sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph, for the words " the Rent Acts " there shall be substituted the words " Part II of the Rent Act 1968 or any enactment applying or extending that Part of that Act".

In Schedule 5, in paragraph 3, for the words " Rent Act 1965 " in each place where they occur there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act 1968 " and in sub-paragraph (2) of that paragraph for the words " section 3(3)(a) " there shall be substituted the words " section 20(3)(a) ", for the words " section 5" there shall be substituted the words " section 22(1) " and for the words " section 6 (which provides" there shall be substituted the words " sections 23 to 25 (which provide "; in paragraph 4 of that Schedule, in sub-paragraphs (1) and (2), for the words " Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act 1968 " and for the words, in sub-paragraph (2), " paragraph 13 of Schedule 3 " there shall be substituted the words " section 48 ", in sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph, for the words " section 1(b) of the Rent Act 1965 " there

shall be substituted the words "section 22(2)(b) of the Rent Act 1968", in sub-paragraph (4) of that paragraph, for the words " section 27(1) of the Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " section 46(1) of the Rent Act 1968 " and in sub-paragraph (5) of that paragraph for the words " Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act 1968 ";

in paragraph 6(5) of that Schedule, for the words " Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act 1968 "; in paragraph 7(1), in sub-paragraph (6), for the words " Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words "Rent Act 1968"; in paragraph 8 of that Schedule, in sub-paragraphs (2) and (3), for the words

T* 3

See. IS

590

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 15

Section 117(3).

Enactment

Amendment

The Leasehold Re- " section 11 of the Rent Act 1965 ", in each

form Act 1967 (1967 place where they occur, there shall be

c.88)—cont. substituted the words "section 8 of the

Rent Act 1968" and for the words, in sub-paragraph (3), " section 11(5) and (6) " there shall be substituted the words " subsections (2) and (4) of section 27 of that Act" and in sub-paragraph (4) of that paragraph for the words " section 11(7) of the Rent Act 1965" there shall be substituted the words "section 9(4) of the Rent Act 1968 "; and in paragraph 10 of that Schedule, for sub-paragraph (1) there shall be substituted die following sub-paragraph:—

(1) Section 50(2) of the Rent Act 1968 (which confers power by regulations to modify certain provisions of Part IV of that Act) shall apply also to this Schedule in so far as it affects section 44, section 48 or section 49 of, or Schedule 6 to, that Act;

and in sub-paragraph (2) of that paragraph for the words " Rent Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " Rent Act 1968 ", for the words " section 49 " there shall be substituted the words " subsections (1) to

(4) of section 115" and for the words "contained in that Act" there shall be substituted the words "specified in subsection (2) of the said section 115

SCHEDULE 16 Sayings and Transitory Provisions General transitional provisions

1. In so far as any regulation, order, scheme, agreement, dissent, election, reference, representation, appointment or apportionment made, notice served, certificate issued, statement supplied, undertaking or direction given, rent registered or other thing done, under or by virtue of an enactment replied by this Act could have been made, served, issued, supplied, given, registered or done under or by virtue of the corresponding provision of this Act, it shall have effect as if made, served, issued, supplied, given, registered or done under or by virtue of that corresponding provision.

2. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, any document made, served or issued before the passing of this Act or at any time thereafter (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) and containing a reference to an enactment repealed by this Act shall, except in so far as a contrary intention appears, be

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

591

construed as referring, or as the context requires, as including a Sch. 16 reference, to the corresponding provision of this Act

3. Where a period of time specified in an enactment repealed by this Act is current at the commencement of this Act, this Act shall have effect as if the corresponding provision thereof had been in force when that period began to run.

4. A conviction of an offence under an enactment repealed by this Act shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a conviction of an offence under the corresponding provision of this Act

5. Subject to the provisions of Schedule 15 to this Act any reference in any document or enactment to a dwelling-house to which the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts 1920 to 1939, or any of those Acts, apply shall be construed, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, as a reference to a dwelling-house let on or subject to a protected or statutory tenancy within the meaning of this Act.

Existing statutory tenants

6. If, immediately before the commencement of this Act, a person (in this and the next following paragraph referred to as the " existing statutory tenant") was a statutory tenant of a dwelling-house by

virtue of the old Rent Acts or by virtue of section 13 of the Rent 1965 c. 75. Act 1965, that person shall, immediately after the commencement of this Act, be a statutory tenant of the dwelling-house for the purposes of this Act

7. —(1) If, immediately before the existing statutory tenant became a statutory tenant he was a tenant of the dwelling-house under a tenancy then, for the purposes of this Act he shall be the statutory tenant by virtue of his previous protected tenancy.

(2) If the existing statutory tenant became a statutory tenant on the death of a person who was himself a tenant or statutory tenant of the dwelling-house then, for the purposes of this Act, the existing statutory tenant shall be a statutory tenant by succession; and, unless he became a statutory tenant by virtue of section 13 of the Rent Act 1965, he shall be deemed to be the first successor within the meaning of Schedule 1 to this Act

(3) If the existing statutory tenant became a statutory tenant by

virtue of an exchange under section 17 of the Rent Act 1957 then, 1957 c. 25. for the purposes of this Act he shall be deemed to be the statutory tenant by virtue of his previous protected tenancy or a statutory tenant by succession according as, at the date of exchange, the provisions of the old Rent Acts referred to in subsection (1) of that section had or had not had effect or, as the case may be, were capable of having effect again by virtue of an agreement making the provision referred to in subsection (3) of that section.

(4) If, by virtue of sub-paragraph (3) above, the existing statutory tenant is for the purposes of this Act a statutory tenant by succession, he shall be deemed to be the first successor, within the meaning of

T* 4

592

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 16

1965 c. 75.

1957 c. 25.

1955 c. 24.

1951 c. 65.

Schedule 1 to this Act, if, and only if, the person who was the statutory tenant immediately before the date of exchange was a statutory tenant by virtue of the old Rent Acts and not by virtue of section 13 of the Rent Act 1965.

(5) Without prejudice to the case where, by virtue of sub-paragraph (3) or sub-paragraph (4) above, the existing statutory tenant is deemed to be a statutory tenant by succession but is not deemed to be the first successor, within the meaning of Schedule 1 to this Act, paragraphs 5 to 7 of that Schedule shall not apply where the existing statutory tenant, or the person on whose death he became a statutory tenant, became a statutory tenant by virtue of an exchange under section 17 of the Rent Act 1957.

8.—(1) A person who, at any time before the commencement of this Act, became a statutory tenant of a dwelling-house by virtue of either of the enactments specified in sub-paragraph (2) below (and not by way of succession to a previous statutory tenant) shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as having become the statutory tenant of that dwelling-house on the expiry of a protected tenancy thereof.

(2) The enactments referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above are—

(u) section 12(10) of the Act of 1920 (under which workmen housed in certain dwelling-houses taken over by the Government during the 1914-18 war were to be treated as tenants of the landlords of those houses); and

(b) section 4 of the Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act 1955 (under which certain requisitioned dwelling-houses were returned to their owners on condition that the owners accepted the existing licensees as statutory tenants).

(3) A person who, on or after the commencement of the Rent Act 1965, retained possession of a dwelling-house by virtue of section 20 of that Act (which made transitional provisions in relation to tenancies which expired before the commencement of that Act) shall be deemed to have done so under a statutory tenancy arising on the termination of a tenancy which was a regulated tenancy, and the terms as to rent and otherwise of that tenancy shall be deemed to have been the same, subject to any variation specified by the court, as those of the tenancy mentioned in subsection (1) of that section (that is to say, the tenancy which ended before the commencement of the Rent Act 1965 but which would have been a regulated tenancy if that Act had then been in force).

9.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in Schedule 2 to this Act a statutory tenancy which is subsisting at the commencement of this Act by virtue of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951 and which, immediately before the commencement of this Act. is a controlled tenancy shall continue as a controlled tenancy after that commencement.

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

593

(2) A statutory tenancy subsisting at the commencement of this Act Sch. 16 under section 4 of the Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amend- 1955 c. 24. ment) Act 1955 shall be treated, for the purposes of this Act,

(a) as a regulated tenancy if, by virtue of section 10 of the Rent 1565 c. 75. Act 1965, it fell to be treated as a regulated tenancy after 31st March 1966; and (b) in any other case, as a controlled tenancy.

Miscellaneous transitory provisions

10. Notwithstanding anything in Part I of this Act, a tenancy which came to an end before 8th December 1965 and which, immediately before it came to an end. was not a controlled tenancy shall not be treated for the purposes of this Act as a protected tenancy (nor, accordingly, as a regulated tenancy); but where, after such a tenancy ended, a statutory tenancy was deemed to arise by virtue of section 20 of the Rent Act 1965 then, without prejudice to section 30(3) of this Act, that statutory tenancy is a regulated tenancy for the purposes of this Act.

11. Where, before the commencement of this Act, a landlord has obtained an order for possession of a dwelling-house on either of the grounds specified in paragraph (g) or paragraph (h) of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1933 (which correspond to Cases 7 and 8 in Schedule 3 to this Act) and, after the commencement of this Act, it is made to appear to the court that the order was obtained by misrepresentation or concealment of material facts, the repeal by this Act of subsections (6) and (7) of section 5 of the Act of 1920 shall not prevent the court from exercising any power to order the payment of compensation by the landlord to the former tenant which it could have exercised if this Act had not been passed.

12. Any notice given to a tenant before the commencement of this Act under section 14, section 15 or section 16 of the Rent Act 1965 stating that possession may be recovered under that section shall be deemed to be a notice stating that possession may be recovered under the corresponding Case in Part II of Schedule 3 to this Act; and any notice given to a tenant before the commencement ment of this Act stating that possession may be recovered under section 38 of the Agriculture Act 1967 shall be deemed to be a notice 1967 c. 22. stating that possession may be recovered under Case 13 in Schedule 3

to this Act.

13. —(1) In relation to any time before 1st January 1960, paragraph (a) of section 58(1) of this Act shall have effect as if it included a reference to section 150 of the Public Health Act 1875 1875 c. 55. and to the Private Street Works Act 1892. 1892 c. 57.

(2) In relation to any time before 1st September 1957, any reference in paragraph 5(3X6) of Schedule 9 to this Act to section 10

of the Housing Act 1957 or to subsection (3) of that section includes 1957 c. 56 a reference to section 10 of the Housing Act 1936 or, as the case 1936 c. 51. may be, subsection (3) of that section.

(3) In relation to any time before 1st April 1965, the circumstances specified in paragraph 5(3X<0 of Schedule 9 to this Act

594

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 16

1936 c. 50.

1965 c. 75. 1838 c. 74.

1889 c. 63. 1957 c. 25.

1954 c. 53.

include the case where the landlord has previously been convicted of an offence under paragraph 12 of Schedule 5 to the Public Health (London) Act 1936 of failing to comply with an abatement order or contravening a prohibition order or closing order.

14. —(1) Until the day appointed under section 35(5) of the Rent Act 1965, the provision in sub-paragraph (2) below shall have effect (in place of section 5(4) of the Act of 1920).

(2) Notwithstanding anything in section 1 of the Small Tenements Recovery Act 1838, every warrant to enter and give possession of any dwelling-house let on a protected tenancy or subject to a statutory tenancy shall remain in force for three months from the date of the issue of the warrant and for such further period or periods, if any, as the court shall from time to time, whether before or after the expiry of those three months, direct

(3) From the day appointed under section 35(5) of the Rent Act 1965, this paragraph shall cease to have effect and section 38(2) of the Interpretation Act 1889 shall apply as though this paragraph were repealed by an Act other than this Act

Transitional provisions from Rent Act 1957

15. If the rent recoverable under a controlled tenancy for any rental period beginning immediately before the commencement of this Act was, by virtue of section 1(4) of the Rent Act 1957, the same as the rent recoverable for the rental period comprising the commencement of that Act then, after the commencement of this Act, that rent shall remain the rent recoverable under that tenancy for any rental period for which it is neither increased nor reduced under Part V of this Act (but without prejudice to paragraph 1 of this Schedule).

16. If, immediately before the commencement of this Act. an agreement or determination of a tribunal made or given for the purposes of paragraph (b) of section 24(3) of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954 was deemed, by virtue of paragraph 1 of Schedule 7 to the Rent Act 1957, to be an agreement or determination made under paragraph (b) of section 1(1) of the Rent Act 1957 then, after the commencement of this Act, that agreement or determination shall, until an agreement or determination is made as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of section 52(1) of this Act, be deemed to be an agreement or determination made as mentioned in the said paragraph (c).

17. —(1) If, immediately before the commencement of this Act, the rent limit under a controlled tenancy of a dwelling was increased, by virtue of paragraph 2 of Schedule 7 to the Rent Act 1957, on account of an improvement, or a notice of increase relating to an improvement, completed before the commencement of that Act, the like increase shall apply after the commencement of this Act to the rent limit under that controlled tenancy.

(2) In sub-paragraph (1) above, "the rent limit", in relation to any time before the commencement of this Act, has the same meaning as in the Rent Act 1957, and in relation to any time after that commencement, has the same meaning as in Part V of this Act

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

595

18. —(1) If, immediately before the commencement of this Act a certificate of a local authority under section 26(1) of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954 or a certificate of a sanitary authority having effect as if it were a certificate under Part II of that Act had effect, by virtue of paragraph 3 of Schedule 7 to the Rent Act 1957, as a certificate of disrepair under that Act, then, after the commencement of this Act, the certificate shall have effect, to the like extent as before that commencement, as if it were a certificate of disrepair under Schedule 9 to this Act

(2) Where any such certificate ceases to have effect (whether by virtue of an order of the court or in consequence of being cancelled by the local authority), sections 52 and 53 of this Act shall have effect in relation to any rental period beginning after the date as from which the certificate ceases to have effect as if it had ceased to have effect immediately before the basic rental period (within the meaning of Part V of this Act).

19. Where any increase in the rent recoverable under a controlled tenancy current on 6th July 1957 took effect before that date but after the beginning of the basic rental period (within the meaning of Part V of this Act), section 52 of this Act shall have effect as if for references to the rent recoverable for the basic rental period there were substituted references to the rent which would have been recoverable for that period if the increase had taken effect before the beginning thereof.

Savings

20. —(1) The repeal by this Act of the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act 1949 shall not affect the continued operation—

(a) of section 2(5) of that Act in so far as it entitles any person

to recover the whole or any part of any premium lawfully required or received before the commencement of this Act, and of the proviso to that section (which renders voidable certain agreements providing for the payment of premiums) in relation to any agreement made after 25th March 1949 and before 2nd June 1949 which, immediately before the commencement of this Act, was voidable by any person by virtue of that proviso; and

(b) of Schedule 1 to that Act (as amended by the Rent Act

1957 and the Rent Act 1965) in relation to any premium lawfully required and paid before 2nd June 1949 on the grant, continuance or renewal of a controlled tenancy.

(2) If, immediately before the commencement of this Act, sections 2 and 12 of the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act 1949 did not, by virtue of the Crown Lessees (Protection of Sub-Tenants) Act 1952, affect the payment of any premium or other sum required under an agreement made before 8th February 1952, then—

(a) sections 85 to 87 of this Act shall not affect the payment

under that agreement of that premium or other sum after the commencement of this Act; and

(b) nothing in this Act shall affect the operation (or continued operation) of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1949 (as amended by the said Act of 1952) in relation to a premium lawfully required and paid under that agreement.

Sob. 16

1954 c. 53.

1957 c. 25.

1949 c. 40.

1965 c. 75. 1952 c. 40.

596

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Sch. 16 1954 c. S3. 1957 c. 25.

1965 c. 75.

21. Nothing in this Act shall affect any power of the Minister under section 33(8) of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954. as extended by paragraph 26(2) of Schedule 6 to the Rent Act 1957. to determine, on the application of either party, that any arrangements between housing authorities and local authorities entered into before the commencement of the Rent Act 1957 shall have effect subject to such variation as he may specify.

22. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph nothing in this Act shall affect the continued operation of Schedule 4 to the Rent Act 1957 (which contains transitional provisions in relation to dwelling-houses which ceased to be controlled at the commencement of that Act) in relation to—

(a) a dwelling-house of which any person was entided. immediately before the commencement of this Act, to retain possession by virtue of paragraph 2 of that Schedule and not by virtue of a tenancy; and

(b) a dwelling-house which, immediately before the commencement of this Act, was let on a tenancy which is not a regulated tenancy by reason only that the rateable value of the dwelling-house is in excess of the relevant limit in section 1(1) of the Rent Act 1965 but which could be brought to an end by a notice served under paragraph 2(2) of that Schedule.

(2) If a notice under paragraph 2(2) of Schedule 4 to the Rent Act 1957 is served on a person who retains possession, as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1X«) above, of a dwelling-house which is within the limits of rateable value in section l(lXu) of this Act, then—

(a) from the date specified in that notice that person shall be

entitled to retain possession of the dwelling-house as statutory tenant under a statutory tenancy arising on the termination of a tenancy which was a regulated tenancy; and

(b) the terms as to rent and otherwise of the tenancy referred to in paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to have been the same, subject to any variations the court may specify, as those of the tenancy under which he or any other person was last entitled to possession of the dwelling-house.

(3) Sub-paragraph (2) above applies to notices—

(a) served at or after the commencement of this Act; or

(b) served before the commencement of this Act but specifying a date at or after the commencement of this Act

(4) The statutory tenancy referred to in sub-paragraph (2Xu) above shall be disregarded for the purposes of section 20(3Xa) of this Act in determining the contractual rent limit under any subsequent regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house in question.

23. Nothing in this Act shall affect the continued operation of paragraph 7 of Schedule 4 to the Rent Act 1957 (which, in certain cases, affects the amount of rent recoverable for periods after decontrol under tenancies to which paragraph 2(1) of that Schedule

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

597

does not extend) or of paragraph 11 of that Schedule (which provides Sea. 16 that certain statutory tenancies in existence before 6th July 1957 are to be treated as tenancies to which Part II of the Landlord and 1954 c. 56. Tenant Act 1954 applies).

24. Nothing in Schedule 15 to this Act shall affect the operation of section 12 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 in relation 1959 c. 33. to any condition imposed on an application made before 16th August

25. Nothing in this Act shall affect the continued operation of section 20(1X6) of the Rent Act 1965 (under which the court may 1965 c. 75. rescind or vary orders for possession made, but not executed, before

the commencement of that Act where the orders relate to dwelling-houses formerly let on tenancies which would have been regulated tenancies if the Rent Act 1965 had then been in force).

26. —(1) Except as provided by Schedule 15 to this Act. nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of paragraphs 5 to 8 of Schedule

5 to the Leasehold Reform Act 1967 (which contain transitional 1957 c. 88. provisions in relation to certain tenancies and statutory tenancies to which Part I erf the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 applied before the coming into operation of section 39 of the said Act of 1967).

(2) If and so long as section 39 of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967 does not have effect (by virtue of any provision of Schedule 5 to that Act) in relation to a tenancy or a statutory tenancy arising (whether before or after die commencement of this Act) by virtue of Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954, nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of the said Act of 1954 in relation to that tenancy or statutory tenancy.

General

27. —(1) In relation to any time before the commencement of this Act, any reference in this Schedule to a controlled tenancy is a reference to a controlled tenancy within the meaning of the Rent Act 1937 c. 25. 1957 and any reference therein to a regulated tenancy is a reference

to a regulated tenancy within the meaning of the Rent Act 1965.

(2) In this Schedule,—

" the Act of 1920 " means the Increase of Rent and Mortgage 1920 c. 17. Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920;

44 the Act of 1933 " means the Rent and Mortgage Interest 1933 c. 32. Restrictions (Amendment) Act 1933;

44the old Rent Acts*4 means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts 1920 to 1939 or any of them.

598

Ch. 23

Rent Act 1968

Section 117(5).

SCHEDULE 17

Enactments Repealed

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 17. The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920. The whole Act

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1923. The whole Act.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 18. The Prevention of Eviction Act 1924. The whole Act.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions Continuation) Act 1925. The whole Act.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act 1933. The whole Act

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 13. The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1935. The whole Act.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 26. The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1938. The whole Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 71. The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1939. The whole Act

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 34. The Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act 1946. The whole Act

11 &12 Geo. 6. c. 63. The Agricultural Holdings Act 1948. In Schedule 7, paragraph 1.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 40. The Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act 1949. The whole Act

14 & 15 Geo. 6. The Reserve and Auxiliary In section 19, subsections (4)

c. 65. Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951. and (6). In section 64(1), the definition beginning " Rent Restrictions Acts ".

15 & 16 Geo. 6 and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 40. The Crown Lessees (Protection of Sub-Tenants) Act 1952. The whole Act.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 47. The Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953. In Schedule 1, paragraph 4.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Housing Repairs and Part n.

c. 53. Rents Act 1954. Schedule 4.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 56. The Landlord and Tenant Act 1954. Section 15.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. The Requisitioned Houses In section 4, subsection (4).

c. 24. and Housing (Amendment) Act 1955. Section 5. In section 18(1), the definition beginning " the Rent Acts " and the definition of "statutory successor ". i

Rent Act 1968

Ch. 23

599

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 25. The Rent Act 1957. Sections 1 to 15. Sections 17 to 26. In section 27, subsections (2) to (4). Schedules 1 to 8.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 56. The Housing Act 1957. Section 84. In section 189(1) the definition of "the Rent Acts *. In Schedule 10, the entries relating to the Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954 and the Rent Act 1957.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 42. The Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958. Section 40.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The County Courts Act In section 109, in subsection

c. 22. 1959. (4), the words from " or if possession " to the end of the subsection.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 33. The House Purchase and Housing Act 1959. Section 27.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 62. The New Towns Act 1959. In section 4, in subsection (5), the words from the beginning to " and accordingly ", and subsection (6).

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 64. The Landlord and Tenant (Furniture and Fittings) Act 1959. The whole Act.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 58. The Charities Act 1960. In Schedule 6, the entry relating to the Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 65. The Housing Act 1961. Section 29.

1963 c. 33. The London Government Act 1963. In Schedule 17, paragraphs 16 and 19.

1964 c. 56. The Housing Act 1964. Section 3(9). Section 35.

1964 c. 97. The Protection from Eviction Act 1964. Section 5.

1965 c. 75. The Rent Act 1965. Parts I, n and IV. Sections 43 and 46. In section 47, subsection (1), except the definitions of " agricultural holding " and "the Minister", and subsection (2). Section 50. In section 52, subsection (2). In section 53, subsections (2) and (3). Schedules 1 to 5. Schedule 6, except paragraphs 1, 2 and 10. In Schedule 7, Part I and the entry in Part II relating to the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920.

600 Ch. 23 Rent Act 1968

Sch. 17 Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1967 c. 22. The Agriculture Act 1967. Section 38.

1967 c. 88. The Leasehold Reform Act In section 37(1), paragraph

1967. (e).

In section 39(1), paragraphs (a), (6X0 and (c). In Schedule 5, paragraph 9.

Ch. 24

601

Commonwealth T elecommunications Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 24

An Act to make provision as to the legal capacity of the Commonwealth Telecommunications Bureau and for the repeal of the provisions relating to the Commonwealth Telecommunications Board.

[8th May 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Commonwealth Telecommunications Bureau to be Legal capacity established in pursuance of the recommendations of the of Common-Commonwealth Telecommunications Conference held in London 2^,th in March 1966 shall have the legal capacity of a body corporate, c^iom1111111111

Bureau.

2. As from such date as Her Majesty may by Order in Council Repeal of appoint, not being earlier than the date of the termination of the provisions Commonwealth Telegraphs Agreements made respectively onJ?atmgto 11th May 1948 and on 25th July 1963, the following provisions are hereby repealed, namely— Telecom-

fa) in the Commonwealth Telegraphs Act 1949, sections 1 and munications 2 and Schedule 1 (which relate to the Commonwealth ' Telecommunications Board established in pursuance of1949 c' 39, those Agreements);

fa) in Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons 1957 c. 20. Disqualification Act 1957, and in the Part substituted therefor by Schedule 3 to that Act, the entry "The Commonwealth Telecommunications Board ".

3. This Act may be cited as the Commonwealth Telecom-Short title, munications Act 1968.

602

Ch. 25

Extension of Company's power to invest.

1947 c. 14.

Local Authorities’ Mutual Investment Trust Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 25

An Act to extend the scope of the powers of investment made collectively by local authorities through the Local Authorities’ Mutual Investment Trust.

[30th May 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The powers of investment exercisable by the Company in relation to the wider-range trust fund shall include power to invest—

(a) in any securities issued by or guaranteed by any government or public authority in or issued by any body corporate incorporated in any of the territories which on the 30th day of November 1967 were scheduled territories within the meaning of the Exchange Control Act 1947 (other than the United Kingdom) and any other territory which after the said date is added to Schedule 1 of the said Act by virtue of an Order made by the Treasury under that Act or in Canada or the United States of America or in any of the following countries, namely, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Holland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Western Germany;

(b) in the acquisition, development or management of land situate in the United Kingdom or any interest in such land.

(2) The restrictions contained in paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of Part IV of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1961 shall not apply to the securities in which the Company is authorised to invest in relation to the wider-range trust fund by virtue of paragraph 1 of Part III of the said Schedule 1 or by virtue of subsection (1) of this section:

Local Authorities* Mutual Investment Trust Act 1968 Ch. 25

603

Save that the securities in which the Company is authorised to invest by virtue of paragraph 1 of Part m of the said Schedule 1 shall not include securities the price of which is not quoted on a recognised stock exchange within the meaning of the Prevention 1958 c. 45. of Fraud (Investments) Act 1958 or the Belfast Stock Exchange.

(3) For the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this section an investment in the units of a unit trust scheme or in participation certificates or in any form of participation under any trust or scheme established in the United Kingdom or in any of the territories or countries referred to in subsection (1) of this section having the effect of enabling persons to participate in the profits and income arising from the acquisition, holding, management or disposal of such securities or of such land or interest in land as are specified in that subsection shall be regarded as an investment in the securities in question or in such land or interest in land.

2, In this Act— Interpretation.

" the Act of 1961 " means the Trustee Investments Act 1961;1961 c-62*

"the Company" means the Local Authorities’ Mutual Investment Trust;

" participation certificate " means any document conferring upon the holder the right to participate in (or constituting evidence of the right of the holder to participate in) the profits or income arising from the acquisition, holding, management or disposal of a particular investment specified or described in the document;

"the scheme" means the scheme relating to the powers of investment of the Company submitted to the Treasury pursuant to section 11 of the Act of 1961 by the associations of local authorities mentioned in the Schedule to this Act and approved by the Treasury as from time to time modified or supplemented;

" securities " has the meaning assigned thereto by paragraph 4 of Part IV of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1961;

" unit trust scheme " has the meaning assigned thereto by section 26(1) of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments)

Act 1958;

" the wider-range trust fund " means the property for the time being held upon the trusts of the deed made 9th August 1961 by the Company referred to in the scheme as the wider-range trust deed as set out in Schedule 2 to the scheme.

3. This Act may be cited as the Local Authorities’ Mutual Short title. Investment Trust Act 1968.

Ch. 25 Local Authorities' Mutual Investment Trust Act 1968

604

Section!. SCHEDULE

Names of local authority associations which submitted the

SCHEME TO THE TREASURY

County Councils Association.

Association of Municipal Corporations.

Urban District Councils Association.

Rural District Councils Association.

Metropolitan Boroughs' Standing Joint Committee.

Association of County Councils in Scotland.

Convention of Royal Burghs.

Counties of Cities Association.

Association of Superannuation Committees.

Ch. 26

605

Export Guarantees Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 26

An Act to consolidate the Export Guarantees Acts 1949 to 1967 as amended by the National Loans Act 1968.

[30th May 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of encouraging trade with other Export countries, the Board of Trade, after consultation with the Export guarantees. Guarantees Advisory Council, may with the consent of the Treasury make arrangements for giving such guarantees to, or for the benefit of, persons carrying on business in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section.

(2) The guarantees for which arrangements may be made under this section are guarantees in connection with the export, manufacture, treatment or distribution of goods, the rendering of services, or any other matter which appeus to the Board of Trade conducive to the purpose of encouraging trade with other countries.

(3) In this section " trade with other countries " includes any transaction involving a consideration in money or money's worth accruing from a person carrying on business or other activities outside the United Kingdom, die Isle of Man and the Channel Islands to a person carrying on business in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands.

(4) The Export Guarantees Advisory Council, that is to say, the Council constituted for the purposes of the Export Guarantees 1939 c. 5. Act 1939 and continued for the purposes of the enactments repealed by this Act, shall be further continued by the Board of Trade for the purposes of this Act.

606

Ch. 26

Export Guarantees Act 1968

Further power 2.—(1) For either of the purposes mentioned in subsection (2)

to give of this section the Board of Trade may with the consent of the

guarantees. Treasury make arrangements for giving such guarantees to, national or for the benefit of, persons carrying on business in the United interest. Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands as appear to the Board to be expedient in the national interest.

(2) The purposes for which arrangements may be made under this section are—

(a) the purpose mentioned in section 1(1) of this Act; and

(b) the purpose of rendering economic assistance to countries

outside the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands;

and the arrangements which may be made under this section for the purpose mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection include arrangements for facilitating the payment of sums payable under contracts with persons carrying on business in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands.

Power of Board of Trade to acquire securities.

1939 c. 47. 1949 c. 14.

3.—(1) The Board of Trade may, with the consent of the Treasury, acquire any securities which the Board have guaranteed in the exercise of their powers under this Act or which have been created in pursuance of such arrangements as are mentioned in section 2(2) of this Act, and may, with that consent—

(a) hold any security acquired by them in pursuance of this

section for such period as they think fit and collect any sums falling due, whether by way of principal or interest, in respect thereof;

(b) dispose of any such security at such time and in such manner as they think fit.

(2) The Acquisition of Guaranteed Securities Fund (in this section referred to as " the Fund "), that is to say, the Fund established under section 4 of the Overseas Trade Guarantees Act 1939 and continued under the Export Guarantees Act 1949, shall be further continued under the control and management of the Board of Trade for the purposes of this section.

(3) The Board of Trade shall pay into the Fund—

(a) such sums as are required to enable the Board to acquire securities under subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) all sums received by them in respect of securities so acquired;

and payments under paragraph (a) of this subsection shall be made on such terms and conditions as to repayment, payment of interest, and otherwise as the Treasury may direct.

Export Guarantees Act 1968

Ch. 26

607

(4) The Board of Trade shall out of the Fund—

(a) pay any sums required for the acquisition of securities under subsection (1) of this section;

(b) repay into the Consolidated Fund any payments made

under subsection (3)(a) of this section, with interest thereon; and

(c) pay into the Consolidated Fund, at such times and in such

manner as the Treasury may direct, any amount by which the sums received by the Board in respect of securities acquired under subsection (1) of this section exceed the sums required to make repayments and payments under paragraph (b) of this subsection.

(5) The Board of Trade shall prepare, in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct, an account of the sums received into and paid out of the Fund in each financial year, and shall, on or before 30th November in each year, transmit that account to the Comptroller and Auditor General, who shall examine and certify the account and lay copies thereof together with his report thereon before both Houses of Parliament.

(6) In this section " securities " includes bonds, stock, shares, bills and promissory notes.

4.—(1) The aggregate of the liabilities at any time of the Limit on Board of Trade and of the sums paid by them for securities commitments acquired and for the time being held by diem in pursuance of this this Act shall not exceed the following sums, that is to say,—

(i a) so far as the liabilities were incurred and the securities guaranteed in pursuance of arrangements made under section 1 of this Act, the sum of £2,400 million;

(b) so far as the liabilities were incurred and the securities guaranteed or created in pursuance of arrangements made under section 2 of this Act, the sum of £1,500 million.

(2) References in this section to the liabilities of the Board of Trade do not include any liability in respect of interest on any principal moneys the payment of which is the subject of any guarantee given in pursuance of this Act.

5. Where a company is directly or indirectly controlled by any Controlled person (whether a company or not), then, for the purposes of companies* this Act—

(a) any contract entered into by the Board with that person shall, in so far as it provides for the Board of Trade to make payments to him in respect of any loss of that

608

Ch. 26

Export Guarantees Act 1968

company, or in respect of any deficit on an account relating both to activities of that company and to activities of his, be deemed a contract to indemnify him against loss, and a guarantee within the meaning of this Act;

(b) any guarantee given by the Board to or for the benefit

of that company shall be deemed to be given for the benefit also of that person; and

(c) any arrangements made by the Board for facilitating the

payment of sums payable under a contract with that company shall be deemed to be arrangements for facilitating the payment of sums payable under a contract with that person.

Supplementary 6. A guarantee given under this Act may be given on such provisions as terms and conditions as to the consideration for the giving of to guarantees. guarantee and otherwise as may be determined in accordance with the arrangements made for giving that guarantee.

Exercise of 7. All powers and duties of the Board of Trade under this SSajS^hr oh Act exercised and performed through the Export Credits

Export Crcdfts Guarantee Department, which shall be a separate Department of Guarantee die Board of Trade under the President of the Board.

Department.

Returns. 8. The Board of Trade shall publish quarterly—

(a) a return showing the aggregate amount of the guarantees

given under section 1 of this Act since the date of the last previous return under this paragraph;

(b) a return showing the aggregate amount of the guarantees

given under section 2 of this Act since the date of the last previous return under this paragraph, and of the amounts paid by the Board of Trade since that date for securities created in pursuance of such arrangements as are mentioned in subsection (2) of that section.

General 9.—(1) Except as otherwise provided by section 3 of this Act

expenses or subsection (2) of this section— rod receipts.

(a) all expenses incurred by the Board of Trade under this

Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament;

(b) all sums received by the Board of Trade in connection

with any guarantee given under this Act shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.

(2) If any amount required for fulfilling any guarantee given under this Act is not paid out of moneys provided by Parliament it shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund.

Export Guarantees Act 1968

Ch. 26

609

10. —(1) In this Act— Interpretation. " business " includes a profession;

" guarantee " includes any contract to indemnify, whether wholly or in part, against loss of any description and shall be construed in accordance with section 5(a) of this Act.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any provision of this Act shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as including a reference to any corresponding provision of the enactments repealed by this Act or of any enactment previously in force.

11. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Export Guarantees Short title

Act 1968. and repeals.

(2) The following are hereby repealed— the Export Guarantees Act 1949 1949 c. 14.

the Export Guarantees Act 1951 1951 c. 17.

the Export Guarantees Act 1957 1957 c. 23.

the Export Guarantees Act 1964 1964 c. 6.

the Export Guarantees Act 1967 1967 c. ii.

in section 10 of the National Loans Act 1968, subsections 1968 c. 13.

(4)(a) and (5).

u

Ch. 27

611

Firearms Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 27

An Act to consolidate the Firearms Acts 1937 and 1965, the Air Guns and Shot Guns, etc., Act 1962, Part V of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 and certain enactments amending the Firearms Act 1937.

[30th May 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Provisions as to Possession, Handling and Distribution of Weapons and Ammunition; Prevention of Crime and Measures to Protect Public Safety

General restrictions on possession and handling of firearms and

ammunition

1.—(1) Subject to any exemption under this Act, it is an offence for a person—

(a) to have in his possession, or to purchase or acquire,

a firearm to which this section applies without holding a firearm certificate in force at the time, or otherwise than as authorised by such a certificate;

(b) to have in his possession, or to purchase or acquire, any ammunition to which this section applies without holding a firearm certificate in force at the time, or otherwise than as authorised by such a certificate, or in quantities in excess of those so authorised.

Requirement of firearm certificate.

612

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part I

Requirement of certificate for possession of shot guns.

Business and other transactions with firearms and ammunition.

(2) It is an offence for a person to fail to comply with a condition subject to which a firearm certificate is held by him.

(3) This section applies to every firearm except—

(a) a shot gun (that is to say a smooth-bore gun with a

barrel not less than 24 inches in length, not being an air gun); and

(b) an air weapon (that is to say, an air rifle, air gun or air

pistol not of a type declared by rules made by the Secretary of State under section 53 of this Act to be specially dangerous).

(4) This section applies to any ammunition for a firearm, .except the following articles, namely:—

(a) cartridges containing five or more shot, none of which

exceeds *36 inch in diameter;

(b) ammunition for an air gun, air rifle or air pistol; and

(c) blank cartridges not more than one inch in diameter measured immediately in front of the rim or cannelure of the base of the cartridge.

2. —(1) Subject to any exemption under this Act, it is an offence for a person to have in his possession, or to purchase or acquire, a shot gun without holding a certificate under this Act authorising him to possess shot guns.

(2) It is an offence for a person to fail to comply with a condition subject to which a shot gun certificate is held by him.

3. —(1) A person commits an offence if, by way of trade or business, he—

(a) manufactures, sells, transfers, repairs, tests or proves

any firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, or a shot gun; or

(b) exposes for sale or transfer, or has in his possession

for sale, transfer, repair, test or proof any such firearm or ammunition, or a shot gun,

without being registered under this Act as a firearms dealer.

(2) It is an offence for a person to sell or transfer to any other person in the United Kingdom, other than a registered firearms dealer, any firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, or a shot gun, unless that other produces a firearm certificate authorising him to purchase or acquire it or, as the case may be, his shot gun certificate, or shows that he is by virtue of this Act entitled to purchase or acquire it without holding a certificate.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

613

(3) It is an offence for a person to undertake the repair, test or part l proof of a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, or of a shot gun, for any other person in the United kingdom other than a registered firearms dealer as such, unless

that other produces or causes to be produced a firearm certificate authorising him to have possession of the firearm or ammunition or, as the case may be, his shot gun certificate, or shows that he is by virtue of this Act entitled to have possession of it without holding a certificate.

(4) Subsections (1) to (3) above have effect subject to any exemption under subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act.

(5) A person commits an offence if, with a view to pur-^ chasing or acquiring, or procuring the repair, test or proof of, any firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, or a shot gun, he produces a false certificate or a certificate in which any false entry has been made, or personates a person to whom a certificate has been granted, or makes any false statement.

(6) It is an offence for a pawnbroker to take in pawn any firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, or a shot gun.

4.—(1) Subject to this section, it is an offence to shorten the Conversion barrel of a shot gun to a length less than 24 inches. of weapons.

(2) It is not an offence under subsection (1) above for a registered firearms dealer to shorten the barrel of a shot gun for the sole purpose of replacing a defective part of the barrel so as to produce a barrel not less than 24 inches in length.

(3) It is an offence for a person other than a registered firearms dealer to convert into a firearm anything which, though having the appearance of being a firearm, is so constructed as to be incapable of discharging any missile through its barrel.

(4) A person who commits an offence under section 1 of this Act by having in his possession, or purchasing or acquiring, a shotgun which has been shortened contrary to subsection (1) above or a firearm which has been converted contrary to subsection (3) above (whether by a registered firearms dealer or not), without holding a firearm certificate authorising him to have it in his possession, or to purchase or acquire it, shall be treated for the purposes of provisions of this Act relating to the punishment of offences as committing that offence in an aggravated form.

u 3

614

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part I Weapons subject to general prohibition.

Power to prohibit movement of arms and ammunition.

Prohibition of certain weapons and control of arms traffic

5. —(1) A person commits an offence if, without the authority of the Defence Council, he has in his possession, or purchases or acquires, or manufactures, sells or transfers—

(a) any firearm which is so designed or adapted that, if

pressure is applied to die trigger, missiles continue to be discharged until pressure is removed from the trigger or die magazine containing the missiles is empty;

(b) any weapon of whatever description designed or

adapted for the discharge of any noxious liquid, gas or other thing; and

(c) any ammunition containing, or designed or adapted to

contain, any such noxious thing.

(2) The weapons and ammunition specified in subsection (1) of this section are referred to in this Act as "prohibited weapons'* and "prohibited ammunition" respectively.

(3) An authority given to a person by the Defence Council under this section shall be in writing and be subject to conditions specified therein.

(4) The conditions of the authority shall include such as the Defence Council, having regard to the circumstances of each particular case, think fit to impose for the purpose of securing that the prohibited weapon or ammunition to which the authority relates will not endanger the public safety or the peace.

(5) It is an offence for a person to whom an authority is given under this section to fail to comply with any condition of the authority.

(6) The Defence Council may at any time, if they think fit, revoke an authority given to a person under this section by notice in writing requiring him to deliver up the authority to such person as may be specified in the notice within twenty-one days from the date of the notice; and it is an offence for him to fail to comply with that requirement

6. —(1) The Secretary of State may by order prohibit the removal of firearms or ammunition—

(a) from one place to another in Great Britain; or

(b) from Great Britain to Northern Ireland; or

(c) for export from Great Britain,

unless the removal is authorised by the chief officer of police for the area from which they are to be removed, and unless such other conditions as may be specified in the order are complied with.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

615

(2) An order under this section may apply— Part I

(a) either generally to all such removals, or to removals

from and to particular localities specified in the order; and

(b) either to all firearms and ammunition or to firearms and

ammunition of such classes and descriptions as may be so specified; and

(c) either to all modes of conveyance or to such modes of

conveyance as may be so specified;

but no such order shall prohibit the holder of a firearm certificate from carrying with him any firearm or ammunition authorised by the certificate to be so carried.

(3) It is an offence to contravene any provision of—

(a) an order made under this section; or

(b) an order made under section 9 of the Firearms 1920 c. 43.

Act 1920 (the former enactment corresponding to

section 18 of the Firearms Act 1937 and this section); 1937 c. 12.

or

(c) any corresponding Northern Irish order, that is to say

an order made under the said section 9 as extending to Northern Ireland or under any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland repealing and reenacting that section, prohibiting the removal of firearms or ammunition from Northern Ireland to Great Britain.

(4) An order under this section shall be made by statutory instrument and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder by the Secretary of State.

Special exemptions from sections 1 to 5

7. —(1) A person who has obtained from the chief officer of Police permit, police for the area in which he resides a permit for the purpose

in the prescribed form may, without holding a certificate under this Act, have in his possession a firearm and ammunition in accordance with the terms of the permit.

(2) It is an offence for a person to make any statement which he knows to be false for the purpose of procuring, whether for himself or for another person, the grant of a permit under this section.

8. —(1) A person carrying on the business of a firearms Authorised dealer and registered as such under this Act, or a servant of dealing with such a person may, without holding a certificate, have in his firearras* possession, or purchase or acquire, a firearm or ammunition

in the ordinary course of that business.

u 4

616

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part

Carriers,

auctioneers,

etc.

Slaughter of animals. 1958 c. 8. 1928 c. 29.

(2) It is not an offence under section 3(2) of this Act for a person—

(a) to part with the possession of any firearm or ammuni-

tion, otherwise than in pursuance of a contract of sale or hire or by way of gift or loan, to a person who shows that he is by virtue of this Act entitled to have possession of the firearm or ammunition without holding a certificate; or

(b) to return to another person a shot gun which he has

lawfully undertaken to repair, test or prove for the other.

9.—(1) A person carrying on the business of an auctioneer, carrier or warehouseman, or a servant of such a person, may, without holding a certificate, have in his possession a firearm or ammunition in the ordinary course of that business.

(2) It is not an offence under section 3(1) of this Act for an auctioneer to sell by auction, expose for sale by auction or have in his possession for sale by auction a firearm or ammunition without being registered as a firearms dealer, if he has obtained from the chief officer of police for the area in which the auction is held a permit for that purpose in the prescribed form and complies with the terms of the permit.

(3) It is an offence for a person to make any statement which he knows to be false for the purpose of procuring, either for himself or for another person, the grant of a permit under subsection (2) of this section.

(4) It is not an offence under section 3(2) of this Act for a carrier or warehouseman, or a servant of a carrier or warehouseman, to deliver any firearm or ammunition in the ordinary course of his business or employment as such.

10.—(1) A person licensed under section 3 of the Slaughter of Animals Act 1958 or section 2 of the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Act 1928 may, without holding a certificate, have in his possession a slaughtering instrument and ammunition therefor in any slaughterhouse or knacker’s yard in which he is employed.

(2) The proprietor of a slaughterhouse or knacker’s yard or a person appointed by him to take charge of slaughtering instruments and ammunition therefor for the purpose of storing them in safe custody at that slaughterhouse or knacker’s yard may, without holding a certificate, have in his possession a slaughtering instrument or ammunition therefor for that purpose.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

617

11.—(1) A person carrying a firearm or ammunition belonging to another person holding a certificate under this Act may, without himself holding such a certificate, have in his possession that firearm or ammunition under instructions from, and for the use of, that other person for sporting purposes only.

(2) A person may, without holding a certificate, have a firearm in his possession at an athletic meeting for the purpose of starting races at that meeting.

(3) A member of a rifle club or miniature rifle club or cadet corps approved by the Secretary of State may, without holding a certificate, have in his possession a firearm and ammunition when engaged as a member of the club or corps in, or in connection with, drill or target practice.

(4) A person conducting or carrying on a miniature rifle range (whether for a rifle club or otherwise) or shooting gallery at which no firearms are used other than air weapons or miniature rifles not exceeding *23 inch calibre may, without holding a certificate, have in his possession, or purchase or acquire, such miniature rifles and ammunition suitable therefor; and any person may, without holding a certificate, use any such rifle and ammunition at such a range or gallery.

(5) A person may, without holding a shot gun certificate, borrow a shot gim from the occupier of private premises and use it on those premises in the occupier’s presence.

(6) A person may, without holding a shot gun certificate, use a shot gun at a time and place approved for shooting at artificial targets by the chief officer of police for the area in which that place is situated.

12.—(1) A person taking part in a theatrical performance or a rehearsal thereof, or in the production of a cinematograph film, may, without holding a certificate, have a firearm in his possession during and for the purpose of the performance, rehearsal or production.

(2) Where the Defence Council are satisfied, on the application of a person in charge of a theatrical performance, a rehearsal of such a performance or the production of a cinematograph film, that such a firearm as is described in section 5(1 )te) of this Act is required for the purpose of the performance, rehearsal or production, they may under section 5 of this Act, if they think fit, not only authorise that person to have possession of the firearm but also authorise such other persons as he may select to have possession of it while taking part in the performance, rehearsal or production.

u*

Part I

Sports, athletics and other approved activities.

Theatre and cinema.

618

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part I

Equipment for ships and aircraft.

Persons temporarily in Great Britain.

Holder of Northern Irish certificate.

Possession of firearm with intent to injure.

Use of firearm to resist arrest.

"i

9

13. —(1) A person may, without holding a certificate,—

(a) have in his possession a firearm or ammunition on board

a ship, or a signalling apparatus or ammunition therefor on board an aircraft or at an aerodrome, as part of the equipment of the ship, aircraft or aerodrome;

(b) remove a signalling apparatus or ammunition therefor,

being part of the equipment of an aircraft, from one aircraft to another at an aerodrome, or from or to an aircraft at an aerodrome to or from a place appointed for the storage thereof in safe custody at that aerodrome, and keep any such apparatus or ammunition at such a place; and

(c) if he has obtained from an officer of police a permit

for the purpose in the prescribed form, remove a firearm from or to a ship, or a signalling apparatus from or to an aircraft or aerodrome, to or from such place and for such purpose as may be specified in the permit

(2) It is an offence for a person to make any statement which he knows to be false for the purpose of procuring, either for himself or for another person, the grant of a permit under subsection (l)(c) of this section.

14. A person who has been in Great Britain for not more than thirty days in all in the preceding twelve months may have in his possession, or purchase or acquire, a shot gun without holding a shot gun certificate.

15. Section 2(1) of this Act does not apply to a person holding a firearm certificate issued in Northern Ireland authorising him to possess a shot gun.

Prevention of crime and preservation of public safety

16. It is an offence for a person to have in his possession any firearm or ammunition with intent by means thereof to endanger life or cause serious injury to property, or to enable another person by means thereof to endanger life or cause serious injury to property, whether any injury to person or property has been caused or not

17. —(1) It is an offence for a person to make or attempt to make any use whatsoever of a firearm or imitation firearm with intent to resist or prevent the lawful arrest or detention of himself or another person.

(2) If a person, at the time of his committing or being arrested for an offence specified in Schedule 1 to this Act, has in his possession a firearm or imitation firearm, he shall be

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

619

guilty of an offence under this subsection unless he shows that Part I he had it in his possession for a lawful object

(3) A firearm or imitation firearm shall, notwithstanding that it is not loaded or is otherwise incapable of discharging any shot bullet or other missile, be deemed to be an offensive weapon

or instrument for the purpose of section 23(l)(n) of the Larceny 1916 c. 50. Act 1916 (armed robbery) and section 28(1) of that Act (going armed by night).

(4) For purposes of this section, the definition of "firearm " in section 57(1) of this Act shall apply without paragraphs (b) and (c) of that subsection, and " imitation firearm " shall be construed accordingly.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, a reference to Schedule 2 to this Act shall be substituted for the reference in subsection (2) to Schedule 1; and subsection (3) shall be omitted.

18*—(1) It is an offence for a person to have with him a fire- Carrying arm or imitation firearm with intent to commit an indictable fireann offence, or to resist arrest or prevent the arrest of another, in either case while he has the firearm or imitation firearm with him.

(2) In proceedings for an offence under this section proof that the accused had a firearm or imitation firearm with him and intended to commit an offence, or to resist or prevent arrest, is evidence that he intended to have it with him while doing so.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the reference to an indictable offence there shall be substituted a reference to any offence specified in paragraphs 1 to 18 of Schedule 2 to this Act

19. A person commits an offence if, without lawful authority Carrying or reasonable excuse (the proof whereof lies on him) he has with firwjrm m a him in a public place a loaded shot gun or loaded air weapon, public place* or any other firearm (whether loaded or not) together with ammunition suitable for use in that firearm.

20. —(1) A person commits an offence if, while he has a Trespassing firearm with him, he enters or is in any building or part of a with firearm, building as a trespasser and without reasonable excuse (the

proof whereof lies on him).

(2) A person commits an offence if, while he has a firearm with him, he enters or is on any land as a trespasser and without reasonable excuse (the proof whereof lies on him).

(3) In subsection (2) of this section the expression "land* includes land covered with water.

u* 2

620

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part I

Possession of firearms by persons previously convicted of crime.

1933 c. 12. 1937 c. 37.

21.—(1) A person who has been sentenced to preventive detention, or to imprisonment or to corrective training for a term of three years or more, or who has been sentenced to be detained for such a term in a young offenders institution in Scotland, shall not at any time have a firearm or ammunition in his possession.

(2) A person who has been sentenced to borstal training, to corrective training for less than three years or to imprisonment for a term of three months or more but less than three years, or who has been sentenced to be detained for such a term in a detention centre or in a young offenders institution in Scotland, shall not at any time before the expiration of the period of five years from the date of his release have a firearm or ammunition in his possession.

(3) A person who—

(a) is the holder of a licence issued under section 53 of

the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 or section 57 of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 (which sections provide for the detention of children and young persons convicted of serious crime, but enable them to be discharged on licence by the Secretary of State); or

(b) is subject to a recognizance to keep the peace or to be

of good behaviour, a condition of which is that he shall not possess, use or carry a firearm, or is subject to a probation order containing a requirement that he shall not possess, use or carry a firearm; or

(c) has, in Scotland, been ordained to find caution a

condition of which is that he shall not possess, use or carry a firearm; shall not, at any time during which he holds the licence or is so subject or has been so ordained, have a firearm or ammunition in his possession.

(4) It is an offence for a person to contravene any of the foregoing provisions of this section.

(5) It is an offence for a person to sell or transfer a firearm or ammunition to, or to repair, test or prove a firearm or ammunition for, a person whom he knows or has reasonable ground for believing to be prohibited by this section from having a firearm or ammunition in his possession.

(6) A person prohibited under subsection (1), (2) or (3) of this section from having in his possession a firearm or ammunition may apply to quarter sessions or, in Scotland, in accordance with Act of Sederunt to the sheriff for a removal of the prohibition; and if the application is granted that prohibition shall not then apply to him.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

621

(7) Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Part 1 courts with jurisdiction to entertain an application under this section and to the procedure appertaining thereto.

22. —(1) It is an offence for a person under the age of seventeen Acquisition

to purchase or hire any firearm or ammunition. and possession

of firearms

(2) It is an offence for a person under the age of fourteen to by minors, have in his possession any firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, except in circumstances where

under section 11(1), (3) or (4) of this Act he is entitled to have possession of it without holding a firearm certificate.

(3) It is an offence for a person under the age of fifteen to have with him an assembled shot gun except while under the supervision of a person of or over the age of twenty-one, or while the shot gun is so covered with a securely fastened gun cover that it cannot be fired.

(4) Subject to section 23 below, it is an offence for a person under the age of fourteen to have with him an air weapon or ammunition for an air weapon.

(5) Subject to section 23 below, it is an offence for a person under the age of seventeen to have an air weapon with him in a public place, except an air gun or air rifle which is so covered with a securely fastened gun cover that it cannot be fired.

23. —(1) It is not an offence under section 22(4) of this Act Exceptions for a person to have with him an air weapon or ammunition from s. 22 while he is under the supervision of a person of or over the age and G)* of twenty-one; but where a person has with him an air weapon

on any premises in circumstances where he would be prohibited from having it with him but for this subsection, it is an offence—

(a) for him to use it for firing any missile beyond those

premises; or

(b) for the person under whose supervision he is to allow

him so to use it

(2) It is not an offence under section 22(4) or (5) of this Act for a person to have with him an air weapon or ammunition at a time when—

(a) being a member of a rifle club or miniature rifle club

for the time being approved by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section or section 11(3) of this Act, he is engaged as such a member in or in connection with target practice; or

(b) he is using the weapon or ammunition at a shooting

gallery where the only firearms used are either air weapons or miniature rifles not exceeding *23 inch calibre.

U* 3

622

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part I

Supplying firearms to minors.

Supplying firearm to person drunk or insane.

Application fory and grant of, certificates.

24. —(1) It is an offence to sell or let on hire any firearm or ammunition to a person under the age of seventeen.

(2) It is an offence—

(a) to make a gift of or lend any firearm or ammunition to

which section 1 of this Act applies to a person under the age of fourteen; or

(b) to part with the possession of any such firearm or ammunition to a person under that age, except in circumstances where that person is entitled under section 11(1), (3) or (4) of this Act to have possession thereof without holding a firearm certificate.

(3) It is an offence to make a gift of a shot gun or ammunition for a shot gun to a person under the age of fifteen.

(4) It is an offence—

(a) to make a gift of an air weapon or ammunition for an

air weapon to a person under the age of fourteen; or

(b) to part with the possession of an air weapon or ammunition for an air weapon to a person under that age except where by virtue of section 23 of this Act the person is not prohibited from having it with him.

(5) In proceedings for an offence under any provision of this section it is a defence to prove that the person charged with the offence believed the other person to be of or over the age mentioned in that provision and had reasonable ground for the belief.

25. It is an offence for a person to sell or transfer any firearm or ammunition to, or to repair, prove or test any firearm or ammunition for, another person whom he knows or has reasonable cause for believing to be drunk or of unsound mind.

Part II

Firearm and Shot Gun Certificates; Registration of Firearms Dealers

Grant, renewal, variation and revocation of firearm and shot gun certificates

26. —(1) An application for the grant of a firearm or shot gun certificate shall be made in the prescribed form to the chief officer of police for the area in which the applicant resides and shall state such particulars as may be required by the form.

(2) Rules made by the Secretary of State under section 53 of this Act may—

(a) require any application for a certificate to be accompanied by a photograph of the applicant;

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

623

(ft) require the verification in the prescribed manner of any prescribed particulars and of the likeness of any such photograph to the applicant

(3) Subject to the special provision made for shot gun certificates by section 28(3) below, a certificate shall, unless previously revoked or cancelled, continue in force for three years, or such shorter period as may be prescribed, from the date when it was granted or last renewed, but shall be renewable for a further period of three years, or a further prescribed period, by the chief officer of police for the area in which the holder resides, and so on from time to time; and the foregoing provisions of this section apply to the renewal of a certificate as they apply to a grant:

Provided that, subject to the power of renewal conferred by this subsection, a certificate granted or last renewed in Northern Ireland shall not continue in force for a period longer than that for which it was so granted or last renewed.

(4) A person aggrieved by the refusal of a chief officer of police to grant or to renew a certificate under this Act may in accordance with section 44 of this Act appeal against the refusal.

(5) It is an offence for a person to make any statement which he knows to be false for the purpose of procuring, whether for himself or any other person, the grant or renewal of a certificate under this Act

27.—(1) A firearm certificate shall be granted by the chief officer of police if he is satisfied that the applicant has a good reason for having in his possession, or for purchasing or acquiring, the firearm or ammunition in respect of which the application is made, and can be permitted to have it in his possession without danger to the public safety or to the peace:

Provided that a firearm certificate shall not be granted to a person whom the chief officer of police has reason to believe to be prohibited by this Act from possessing a firearm to which section 1 of this Act applies, or to be of intemperate habits or unsound mind, or to be for any reason unfitted to be entrusted with such a firearm.

(2) A firearm certificate shall be in the prescribed form and shall specify the conditions (if any) subject to which it is held, the nature and number of the firearms to which it relates and, as respects ammunition, the quantities authorised to be purchased and to be held at any one time thereunder.

(3) This section applies to the renewal of a firearm certificate as it applies to a grant.

u* 4

Part II

Special provisions about firearm certificates.

624

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part II

Special provisions about shot gun certificates.

Variation of firearm certificates.

Revocation of certificates.

28. —(1) A shot gun certificate shall be granted or, as the case may be, renewed by the chief officer of police unless he has reason to believe that the applicant—

(a) is prohibited by this Act from possessing a shot gun; or

(b) cannot be permitted to possess a shot gun without

danger to the public safety or to the peace.

(2) A shot gun certificate shall be in the prescribed form and shall—

(a) be granted or renewed subject to any prescribed con-

ditions and no others; and

(b) specify the conditions, if any, subject to which it is granted or renewed.

(3) Notwithstanding section 26(3) of this Act, a shot gun certificate issued before the expiration of six months from the date of the commencement of this Act shall continue in force for such period from that date or from the date when it is granted, whichever is the later, as may be specified in the certificate by the chief officer of police (being a period of not less than one year but not more than five years).

29. —(1) The chief officer of police for the area in which the holder of a firearm certificate resides may at any time by notice in writing vary the conditions subject to which the certificate is held, except such of them as may be prescribed, and may by the notice require the holder to deliver up the certificate to him within twenty-one days from the date of the notice for the purpose of amending the conditions specified therein.

(2) A firearm certificate may also, on the application of the holder, be varied from time to time by the chief officer of police for the area in which the holder for the time being resides; and a person aggrieved by the refusal of a chief officer of police to vary a firearm certificate may in accordance with section 44 of this Act appeal against the refusal.

(3) It is an offence for a person to make any statement which he knows to be false for the purpose of procuring, whether for himself or another person, the variation of a firearm certificate.

36.—(1) A firearm certificate may be revoked by the chief officer of police for the area in which the holder resides if—

(a) the chief officer is satisfied that the holder is prohibited by this Act from possessing a firearm to which section 1 of this Act applies or is of intemperate habits or unsound mind, or is otherwise unfitted to be entrusted with such a firearm; or

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

625

(b) the holder fails to comply with a notice under section

29(1) of this Act requiring him to deliver up the certificate.

(2) A shot gun certificate may be revoked by the chief officer of police if he is satisfied that the holder is prohibited by this Act from possessing a shot gun or cannot be permitted to possess a shot gun without danger to the public safety or to die peace.

(3) A person aggrieved by the revocation of a certificate under subsection (l)(a) or (2) of this section may in accordance with section 44 of this Act appeal against the refusal.

(4) Where a certificate is revoked by the chief officer of police under this section, he shall by notice in writing require the holder to surrender the certificate; and it is an offence for the holder to fail to do so within twenty-one days from the date of the notice:

Provided that, if an appeal is brought against the revocation, this subsection shall not apply to that revocation unless the appeal is abandoned or dismissed, and shall then apply with the substitution, for the reference to the date of the notice, of a reference to the date on which the appeal was abandoned or dismissed.

31. —(1) A chief officer of police shall not refuse to grant or renew, and shall not revoke, a firearm certificate in respect of a prohibited weapon or prohibited ammunition if the applicant for the certificate is for the time being authorised by the Defence Council under section 5 of this Act to have possession of that weapon or ammunition.

(2) Where an authority of the Defence Council under that section to have possession of, or to purchase or acquire, a prohibited weapon or prohibited ammunition is revoked, the firearm certificate relating to that weapon or ammunition shall be revoked or varied accordingly by the chief officer of police by whom it was granted.

32. —(1) Subject to this Act, there shall be payable—

(a) on the grant of a firearm or shot gun certificate a fee of 5s. Od.;

(b) on the renewal of a certificate or on the replacement of a certificate which has been lost or destroyed, a fee of 2s. 6d.; and

(c) on any variation of a firearm certificate (otherwise than

when it is renewed or replaced at the same time) so as to increase the number of firearms to which the certificate relates, a fee of 2s. 6d.

Part n

Certificate for

prohibited

weapon.

Fee for

certificate

and

exemption from paying it in certain cases.

626

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part II

Police

register.

(2) No fee shall be payable on the grant to a responsible officer of a rifle club, minature rifle club, or cadet corps approved for the purpose by the Secretary of State, of a firearm certificate in respect of firearms or ammunition to be used solely for target practice or drill by the members of the club or corps, or on the variation or renewal of a certificate so granted.

(3) No fee shall be payable on the grant, variation or renewal of a firearm certificate if the chief officer of police is satisfied that the certificate relates solely to and, in the case of a variation, will continue when varied to relate solely to—

(a) a firearm or ammunition which the applicant requires

as part of the equipment of a ship; or

(b) a signalling apparatus, or ammunition therefor, which

the applicant requires as part of the equipment of an aircraft or aerodrome; or

(c) a slaughtering instrument, or ammunition therefor,

which the applicant requires for the purpose of the slaughter of animals.

(4) No fee shall be payable—

(a) on the grant or renewal of a firearm certificate relating

solely to a firearm which is shown to the satisfaction of the chief officer of police to be kept by the applicant as a trophy of war; or

(b) on any variation of a certificate the sole effect of which

is to add such a firearm as aforesaid to the firearms to which the certificate relates,

if the certificate is granted, renewed or varied subject to the condition that the applicant shall not use the firearm.

Registration of firearms dealers

33.—(1) For purposes of this Act, the chief officer of police for every area shall keep in the prescribed form a register of firearms dealers.

(2) Except as provided by section 34 of this Act, the chief officer of police shall enter in the register the name of any person who, having or proposing to have a place of business in the area, applies to be registered as a firearms dealer.

(3) In order to be registered, the applicant must furnish the chief officer of police with the prescribed particulars, which shall include particulars of every place of business at which he proposes to carry on business in the area as a firearms dealer and, except as provided by this Act, the chief officer of police shall enter every such place of business in the register.

Firearms Act

Ch. 27

627

(4) When a person is registered, the chief officer of police PaktII shall grant or cause to be granted to him a certificate of registration.

(5) A person for the time being registered shall, on or before 1st June in each year—

(a) surrender his certificate to the chief officer of police;

and

(b) apply in the prescribed form for a new certificate;

and thereupon the chief officer of police shall, subject to sections 35(3) and 38(1) below, grant him a new certificate of registration.

34.—(1) The chief officer of police shall not register an Grounds for applicant as a firearms dealer if he is prohibited to be so JfSfeSLjf registered by order of a court in Great Britain made under section rcglstra on* 45 of this Act, or by order of a court in Northern Ireland under section 8(5) of the Firearms Act 1920 or any enactment of the 1920 c. 43, Parliament of Northern Ireland amending or substituted for that section.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, the chief officer of police may refuse to register an applicant, if he is satisfied that the applicant cannot be permitted to carry on business as a firearms dealer without danger to the public safety or to the peace.

(3) In the case of a person for the time being authorised by the Defence Council under section 5 of this Act to manufacture, sell or transfer prohibited weapons or ammunition, the chief officer of police shall not refuse to enter his name in the register on the ground that he cannot be permitted to carry on business as a firearms dealer without danger to the public safety or to the peace.

(4) The chief officer of police, if he is satisfied that a place of business notified to him under section 33(3) of this Act by an applicant for registration is a place at which the person cannot be permitted to carry on business as a firearms dealer without danger to the public safety or to the peace, may refuse to enter that place of business in the register.

(5) A person aggrieved by the refusal of a chief officer of police to register him as a firearms dealer, or to enter in the register a place of business of his, may in accordance with section 44 of this Act appeal against the refusal.

35.—(1) Subject to this Act, on the registration of a person Fee for as a firearms dealer there shall be payable by him a fee of £5. registration

and renewal

(2) No fee shall be payable if the chief officer of police for thereof, the area in which the applicant has applied to be registered is

628

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Past n satisfied that the only place of business in respect of which the application is made—

(a) has become situated in that area because of an alteration

in the boundary of the area and was previously entered in the register for another area; or

(b) is one to which the applicant proposes to transfer the

business previously carried on by him at a place entered in the register for another area.

(3) Before a person for the time being registered as a firearms dealer can be granted a new certificate of registration under section 33(5) of this Act, he shall pay a fee of £1.

Conditions of 36.—(1) The chief officer of police may at any time impose registration, conditions subject to which the registration of a person as a firearms dealer is to have effect and may at any time, of his own motion or on the application of the dealer, vary or revoke any such condition.

(2) The chief officer of police shall specify the conditions for the time being in force under this section in the certificate of registration granted to the firearms dealer and, where any such condition is imposed, varied or revoked during the'currency of the certificate of registration, the chief officer of police—

(a) shall give to the dealer notice in writing of the condition

or variation (giving particulars) or of the revocation, as the case may be; and

(b) may by that notice require the dealer to deliver up to

him his certificate of registration within twenty-one days from the date of the notice, for the purpose of amending the certificate.

(3) A person aggrieved by the imposition or variation of, or refusal to vary or revoke, any condition of a firearms dealer’s registration may in accordance with section 44 of this Act appeal against the imposition, variation or refusal.

Registration of new place of business.

37.—(1) A person registered in any area as a firearms dealer and proposing to carry on business as such at a place of business in that area which is not entered in the register, shall notify the chief officer of police for that area and furnish him with such particulars as may be prescribed; and the officer shall, subject to the provisions of this section, enter that place of business in the register.

(2) The chief officer of police, if he is satisfied that a place of business notified to him by a person under subsection (1) of this section is a place at which that person cannot be permitted to cany on business as a firearms dealer without danger to the public safety or to the peace, may refuse to enter it in the register.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

629

(3) A person aggrieved by the refusal by a chief officer of Part n police to enter in the register a place of business of his may in accordance with section 44 of this Act appeal against the refusal.

38.—(1) If the chief officer of police, after giving reasonable Removal from

notice to a person whose name is on the register, is satisfied that register of

dealer 8 name

the person or pjacc Qf

ia) is no longer carrying on business as a firearms dealer; or business.

(b) has ceased to have a place of business in the area; or

(c) cannot be permitted to continue to carry on business as a

firearms dealer without danger to the public safety or to the peace,

he shall (subject to this section) cause the name of that person to be removed from the register.

(2) In the case of a person for the time being authorised by the Defence Council under section 5 of this Act to manufacture, sell or transfer prohibited weapons or ammunition, the chief officer of police shall not remove his name from the register on the ground that he cannot be permitted to continue to carry on business as a firearms dealer without danger to the public safety or to the peace.

(3) If the chief officer of police is satisfied that a person registered as a firearms dealer has failed to comply with any of the conditions of registration in force under section 36 of this Act, he may remove from the register either that person’s name or any place of business of his to which the condition relates.

(4) If the chief officer of police is satisfied that a place entered in the register as a person’s place of business is one at which that person cannot be permitted to carry on business as a firearms dealer without danger to the public safety or to the peace, he may remove that place from the register.

(5) The chief officer of police shall cause the name of a person to be removed from the register if the person so desires.

(6) If a person for the time being registered fails to comply with any requirement of section 33(5) of this Act, the chief officer of police shall by notice in writing require him to comply with that requirement and, if the person fails to do so within twenty-one days from the date of the notice or within such further time as the chief officer may in special circumstances allow, shall cause his name to be removed from the register.

(7) A person aggrieved by the removal of his name from the register, or by the removal from the register of a place of business of his, may in accordance with section 44 of this Act appeal against the removal.

630

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part II

Offences in connection with

registration.

Compulsory register of transactions in firearms.

(8) Where the chief officer of police causes the name of a firearms dealer to be removed from the register, he shall by notice in writing require the dealer to surrender his certificate of registration; and it is an offence for the dealer to fail to do so within twenty-one days from the date of the notice:

Provided that, if an appeal is brought against the removal, this subsection shall not apply to that removal unless the appeal is abandoned or dismissed and shall then apply with the substitution, for the reference to the date of the notice, of a reference to the date on which the appeal was abandoned or dismissed.

39.—(1) A person commits an offence if, for the purpose—

(a) of procuring the registration of himself or another person as a firearms dealer; or

(b) of procuring, whether for himself or another person, the

entry of any place of business in a register of firearms dealers,

he makes any statement which he knows to be false.

(2) A person commits an offence if, being a registered firearms dealer, he has a place of business which is not entered in the register for the area in which the place of business is situated and carries on business as a firearms dealer at that place.

(3) Without prejudice to section 38(3) above, a person commits an offence if he fails to comply with any of the conditions of registration imposed on him by the chief officer of police under section 36 of this Act.

Supplementary

40.—(1) Subject to section 41 of this Act, every person who by way of trade or business manufactures, sells or transfers firearms or ammunition shall provide and keep a register of transactions and shall enter or cause to be entered therein the particulars specified in Schedule 4 to this Act.

(2) In subsection (1) above and in the said Schedule 4, any reference to firearms is to be construed as not including a reference to air weapons or component parts of, or accessories to, air weapons; and any reference therein to ammunition is to be construed as not including—

(a) cartridges containing five or more shot, none of which

exceeds *36 inch in diameter;

(b) ammunition for an air gun, air rifle or air pistol; or

(c) blank cartridges not more than one inch in diameter

measured immediately in front of the rim or cannelure of the base of the cartridge.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

631

(3) Every entry required by subsection (1) of this section to Part II be made in the register shall be made within twenty-four hours

after the transaction to which it relates took place and, in the case of a sale or transfer, every person to whom that subsection applies shall at the time of the transaction require the purchaser or transferee, if not known to him, to furnish particulars sufficient for identification and shall immediately enter the said particulars in the register.

(4) Every person keeping a register in accordance with this section shall on demand allow an officer of police, duly authorised in writing in that behalf by the chief officer of police, to enter and inspect all stock in hand and shall on request by an officer of police so authorised or by an officer of customs and excise produce the register for inspection:

Provided that, where a written authority is required by this subsection, the authority shall be produced on demand.

(5) It is an offence for a person to fail to comply with any provision of this section or knowingly to make any false entry in the register required to be kept thereunder.

(6) Nothing in this section applies to the sale of firearms or ammunition by auction in accordance with the terms of a permit issued under section 9(2) of this Act.

(7) Rules made by the Secretary of State under section 53 of this Act may vary or add to Schedule 4 to this Act, and references in this section to that Schedule shall be construed as references to the Schedule as for the time being so varied or added to.

41. If it appears to the chief officer of police that— Exemption

(a) a person required to be registered as a firearms dealer in°case of

carries on a trade or business in the course of which trade in shot he manufactures, tests or repairs component parts or sun accessories for shot guns, but does not manufacture, components, test or repair complete shot guns; and

(b) it is impossible to assemble a shot gun from the parts

likely to come into that person’s possession in the course of that trade or business,

the chief officer of police may, if he thinks fit, by notice in writing given to that person exempt his transactions in those parts and accessories, so long as the notice is in force, from all or any of the requirements of section 40 of this Act and Schedule 4 thereto.

632

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part II

Transactions with persons not registered dealers.

Power of Secretary of State to alter fees.

Appeals from police decisions under Part n.

Consequences

where

registered

dealer

convicted

of offence.

42. —(1) A person who sells, lets on hire, gives or lends a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies to another person in the United Kingdom, not being a registered firearms dealer shall, unless the other person shows that he is by virtue of this Act entitled to purchase or acquire the firearm or ammunition without holding a firearm certificate, comply with any instructions contained in the certificate produced; and in the case of a firearm he shall, within forty-eight hours from the transaction, send by registered post or the recorded delivery service notice of the transaction to the chief officer of police by whom the certificate was issued.

(2) It is an offence for a person to fail to comply with this section.

43. —(1) Sections 32 and 35 of this Act may be amended by an order made by the Secretary of State so as to vary any sum specified thereby, or so as to provide that any sum payable thereunder shall cease to be so payable.

(2) An order made under this section may—

(a) be limited to such cases as may be specified by the order

and may make different provision for different cases so specified; and

(b) be revoked or varied by a subsequent order so made.

(3) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and any statutory instrument containing such an order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

44. —(1) An appeal under section 26, 29, 30, 34, 36, 37 or 38 of this Act lies, in England and Wales, to quarter sessions and, in Scotland, in accordance with Act of Sederunt to the sheriff.

(2) In relation to an appeal specified in the first column of Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act—

(a) the second column shows, for England and Wales, the

court of quarter sessions; and

(b) the third column shows, for Scotland, the sheriff, having jurisdiction to entertain the appeal.

(3) The procedural and other provisions contained in Part II of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect (for England and Wales only) on an appeal to quarter sessions under any provision of this Part of this Act.

45. —(1) Where a registered firearms dealer is convicted of an offence relevant for the purposes of this section the court may order—

(a) that the name of the dealer be removed from the register; and

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

(b) that neither the dealer nor any person who acquires his Part II

business, nor any person who took part in the management of the business and was knowingly a party to the offence, shall be registered as a firearms dealer; and

(c) that any person who, after the date of the order, know-

ingly employs in the management of his business the dealer convicted of the offence or any person who was knowingly a party to the offence, shall not be registered as a firearms dealer or, if so registered, shall be liable to be removed from the register; and

(d) that any stock-in-hand of the business shall be disposed of by sale or otherwise in accordance with such directions as may be contained in the order.

(2) The offences relevant for the purposes of this section are:—

(a) all offences under this Act, except an offence under sec-

tion 2, 22(3) or 24(3) or an offence relating specifically to air weapons; and

(b) offences against the enactments relating to customs in

respect of the import or export of firearms or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, or of shot guns.

(3) A person aggrieved by an order made under this section may appeal against the order in the same manner as against the conviction, and the court may, if it thinks fit, suspend the operation of the order pending the appeal.

Part HI

Law Enforcement and Punishment of Offencbs

46.—(1) If a justice of the peace or, in Scotland, the sheriff Power of or any magistrate (by whatever name called) officiating under the search provisions of a general or local Police Act, is satisfied by infor- warran • mation on oath that there is reasonable ground for suspecting that an offence relevant for the purposes of this section has been, is being, or is about to be committed, he may grant a search warrant authorising a constable named therein—

(a) to enter at any time any premises or place named in

the warrant, if necessary by force, and to search the premises or place and every person found there;

(b) to seize and detain any firearm or ammunition which

he may find on the premises or place, or on any such person, in respect of which or in connection with which he has reasonable ground for suspecting that an offence relevant for the purposes of tins section has been, is being or is about to be committed; and

634

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part HI

Powers of constables to stop and search.

Production of certificates.

(c) if the premises are those of a registered firearms dealer, to examine any books relating to the business.

(2) The offences relevant for the purposes of this section are all offences under this Act except an offence under section 22(3) or an offence relating specifically to air weapons.

47. —(1) A constable may require any person whom he has reasonable cause to suspect—

(a) of having a firearm, with or without ammunition, with him in a public place; or (b) to be committing or about to commit, elsewhere than in a public place, an offence relevant for the purposes of this section,

to hand over the firearm or any ammunition for examination by the constable.

(2) It is an offence for a person having a firearm or ammunition with him to fail to hand it over when required to do so by a constable under subsection (1) of this section.

(3) If a constable has reasonable cause to suspect a person of having a firearm with him in a public place, or to be committing or about to commit, elsewhere than in a public place, an offence relevant for the purposes of this section, the constable may search that person and may detain him for the purpose of doing so.

(4) If a constable has reasonable cause to suspect that there is a firearm in a vehicle in a public place, or that a vehicle is being or is about to be used in connection with the commission of an offence relevant for the purposes of this section elsewhere than in a public place, he may search the vehicle and for that purpose require the person driving or in control of it to stop it

(5) For the purpose of exercising the powers conferred by this section a constable may enter any place.

(6) The offences relevant for the purpose of this section are those under sections 18(1) and (2) and 20 of this Act

48. —(1) A constable may demand, from any person whom he believes to be in possession of a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, or of a shot gun, the production of his firearm certificate or, as the case may be, his shot gun certificate.

(2) If a person upon whom a demand is made under this section fails to produce the certificate or to permit the constable to read it, or to show that he is entitled by virtue of this Act to have the firearm, ammunition or shot gun in his possession without holding a certificate, the constable may seize and detain

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

635

the firearm, ammunition or shot gun and may require the person Part m to declare to him immediately Ins name and address.

(3) If under this section a person is required to declare to a constable his name and address, it is an offence for him to refuse to declare it or to fail to give his true name and address.

49. —(1) An officer of police may search for and seize any Police powers firearms or ammunition which he has reason to believe are being in rriation to removed, or to have been removed, in contravention of an arms tramc* order made under section 6 of this Act or of a corresponding Northern Irish order within the meaning of subsection (3)(c) of

that section.

(2) A person having the control or custody of any firearms or ammunition in course of transit shall, on demand by a constable, allow him all reasonable facilities for the examination and inspection thereof and shall produce any documents in his possession relating thereto.

(3) It is an offence for a person to fail to comply with subsection (2) of this section.

50. —(1) A constable making a search of premises under the Special authority of a warrant under section 46 of this Act may arrest powers of without warrant any person found on the premises whom he arrosl* has reason to believe to be guilty of an offence relevant for the purposes of that section.

(2) A constable may arrest without warrant any person whom he has reasonable cause to suspect to be committing an offence under section 19, 20, 21 or 47(2) of this Act and, for the purpose of exercising the power conferred by this subsection, may enter any place.

In Scotland, this subsection shall have effect with the inclusion of a reference to an offence under section 4, 5 or 18 of this Act.

(3) A constable may arrest without warrant a person who refuses to declare his name and address when required to do so under section 48(2) of this Act, or whom he in such a case suspects of giving a false name and address or of intending to abscond.

51. —(1) Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect with Prosecution respect to the way in which offences under this Act are punishable and.

on conviction.

(2) In relation to an offence under a provision of this Act specified in the first column of the Schedule (the general nature of the offence being described in the second column),—

(a) the third column shows whether the offence is punishable on summary conviction or on indictment or either in one way or die other; and

636

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part HI

1952 c. 55. 1954 c. 48.

Forfeiture and disposal of firearms; cancellation of certificate by convicting court.

(£>) the fourth column shows the maximum punishment by way of fine or imprisonment under this Act which may be imposed on a person convicted of the offence in the way specified in relation thereto in the third column (that is to say, summarily or on indictment), any reference in the fourth column to a period of years or months being construed as a reference to a term of imprisonment of that duration.

(3) The provisions contained in Part II of Schedule 6 to this Act (being provisions as to the inclusion in an indictment in Scotland of certain summary offences, the punishments which may be imposed when a person is convicted of more than one offence arising out of the same set of circumstances, alternative verdicts and the orders which, in certain cases, a court may make when a person is convicted by or before it) shall have effect in relation to such of the offences specified in Part I of that Schedule as are indicated by entries against those offences in the fifth column of that Part

(4) Notwithstanding section 104 of the Magistrates* Courts Act 1952 or section 23 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1954 (limitation of time for taking proceedings) summary proceedings for an offence under this Act, other than an offence under section 22(3) or an offence relating specifically to air weapons, may be instituted at any time within four years after the commission of the offence:

Provided that no such proceedings shall be instituted in England after the expiration of six months after the commission of the offence unless they are instituted by, or by the direction of, the Director of Public Prosecutions.

52.—(1) Where a person—

(a) is convicted of an offence under this Act (other than

an offence under section 22(3) or an offence relating specifically to air weapons) or is convicted of a crime for which he is sentenced to imprisonment, preventive detention, corrective training, borstal training or detention in a detention centre or in a young offenders* institution in Scotland; or

(b) has been ordered to enter into a recognizance to keep

the peace or to be of good behaviour, a condition of which is that he shall not possess, use or carry a firearm; or

(c) is subject to a probation order containing a requirement

that he shall not possess, use or carry a firearm; or

(d) has, in Scotland, been ordained to find caution a con-

dition of which is that he shall not possess, use or carry a firearm,

the court by or before which he is convicted, or by which the order is made, may make such order as to the forfeiture or

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

637

disposal of any firearm or ammunition found in his possession as the court thinks fit and may cancel any firearm certificate or shot gun certificate held by him.

(2) Where the court cancels a certificate under this section—

(a) the court shall cause notice to be sent to the chief officer of police by whom the certificate was granted; and

(b) the chief officer of police shall by notice in writing require the holder of the certificate to surrender it; and

(c) it is an offence for the holder to fail to surrender the certificate within twenty-one days from the date of the notice given him by the chief officer of police.

(3) A constable may seize and detain any firearm or ammunition which may be the subject of an order for forfeiture under this section.

(4) A court of summary jurisdiction or, in Scotland, the sheriff may, on the application of the chief officer of police, order any firearm or ammunition seized and detained by a constable under this Act to be destroyed or otherwise disposed of.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

53. The Secretary of State may by statutory instrument make rules—

(a) prescribing the form of certificates under this Act, and the register required to be kept under section 40 of this Act and other documents;

(b) prescribing any other thing which under this Act is to

be prescribed; and

(c) generally for carrying this Act into effect;

and rules made under this section may make different provision for different cases.

54. —(1) Sections 1, 2, 7 to 13 and 26 to 32 of this Act apply, subject to the modifications specified in subsection (2) of this section, to persons in the service of Her Majesty in their capacity as such so far as those provisions relate to the purchase and acquisition, but not so far as they relate to the possession, of firearms.

(2) The modifications referred to above are the following:—

(a) a person in the service of Her Majesty duly authorised in writing in that behalf may purchase or acquire firearms and ammunition for the public service without holding a certificate under this Act;

Part ID

Rules for implementing this Act.

Application of Parts I and II to Crown servants.

638

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part IV

Exercise of police functions.

Service of notices.

Interpretation.

(6) a person in the naval, military or air service of Her Majesty shall, if he satisfies the chief officer of police on an application under section 26 of this Act that he is required to purchase a firearm or ammunition for his own use in his capacity as such, be entitled without payment of any fee to the grant of a firearm certificate authorising the purchase or acquisition or, as the case may be, to the grant of a shot gun certificate.

(3) For the purposes of this section and of any rule of law whereby any provision of this Act does not bind the Crown, a member of a police force shall be deemed to be a person in the service of Her Majesty.

55-—(1) Rules made under section 53 of this Act may—

(a) regulate the manner in which chief officers of police

are to carry out their duties under this Act;

(b) enable all or any of the functions of a chief officer of

police to be discharged by a deputy in the event of his illness or absence, or of a vacancy in the office of chief officer of police.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1 of this section, the functions of a chief officer of police under this Act shall be exercisable on any occasion by a person, or a person of a particular class, authorised by the chief officer of police to exercise that function on that occasion, or on occasions of that class or on all occasions.

56. Any notice required or authorised by this Act to be given to a person may be sent by registered post or by the recorded delivery service in a letter addressed to him at his last or usual place of abode or, in the case of a registered firearms dealer, at any place of business in respect of which he is registered.

57. —(1) In this Act, the expression " firearm " means a lethal barrelled weapon of any description from which any shot, bullet or other missile can be discharged and includes—

(a) any prohibited weapon, whether it is such a lethal

weapon as aforesaid or not; and

(b) any component part of such a lethal or prohibited

weapon; and

(c) any accessory to any such weapon designed or adapted

to diminish the noise or flash caused by firing the weapon;

and so much of section 1 of this Act as excludes any description of firearm from die category of firearms to which that section applies shall be construed as also excluding component parts of, and accessories to, firearms of that description.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

639

(2) In this Act, the expression " ammunition " means ammuni- Part IV tion for any .firearm and includes grenades, bombs and other

like missiles, whether capable of use with a firearm or not, and also includes prohibited ammunition.

(3) For purposes of sections 45, 46, 50, 51(4) and 52 of this Act, the offences under this Act relating specifically to air weapons are those under sections 22(4), 22(5), 23(1) and 24(4).

(4) In this Act—

" acquire " means hire, accept as a gift or borrow and " acquisition " shall be construed accordingly;

"air weapon" has the meaning assigned to it by section 1(3)(6) of this Act;

" area " means a police area;

" certificate " (except in a context relating to the registration of firearms dealers) and " certificate under this Act " mean a firearm certificate or a shot gun certificate and—

(a) "firearm certificate" means a certificate granted by a chief officer of police under this Act in respect of any firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies and includes a certificate granted in Northern Ireland under section 1 of the Firearms Act 1920 or under an enactment of the 1920 c. 43. Parliament of Northern Ireland amending or substituted for that section; and

(b) "shot gun certificate" means a certificate granted by a chief officer of police under this Act and authorising a person to possess shot guns;

" firearms dealer " means a person who, by way of trade or business, manufactures, sells, transfers, repairs, tests or proves firearms or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, or shot guns;

"imitation firearm" means any thing which has the appearance of being a firearm (other than such a weapon as is mentioned in section 5(1 of this Act) whether or not it is capable of discharging any shot, bullet or other missile;

"indictable offence" has the same meaning as in the

Magistrates* Courts Act 1952, except that it does not 1952 c. 55. include an offence which is triable on indictment only after one or more previous summary convictions thereof;

" premises " includes any land;

"prescribed* means prescribed by rules made by the Secretary of State under section 53 of this Act;

640

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part IV

1920 c. 43.

" prohibited weapon " and " prohibited ammunition " have the meanings assigned to them by section 5(2) of this Act;

"public place" includes any highway and any other premises or place to which at the material time the public have or are permitted to have access, whether on payment or otherwise;

" registered ", in relation to a firearms dealer, means registered either—

(a) in Great Britain, under section 33 of this Act,

or

(b) in Northern Ireland, under section 8 of the Firearms Act 1920 or any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland amending or substituted for that section,

and references to " the register ", " registration " and a " certificate of registration " shall be construed accordingly, except in section 40;

"shot gun" has the meaning assigned to it by section 1(3)(a) of this Act and, in sections 3(1) and 45(2) of this Act and in the definition of "firearms dealer", includes any component part of a shot gun and any accessory to a shot gun designed or adapted to diminish the noise or flash caused by firing the gun;

" slaughtering instrument " means a firearm which is specially designed or adapted for the instantaneous slaughter of animals or for the instantaneous stunning of animals with a view to slaughtering them; and "transfer" includes let on hire, give, lend and part with possession, and " transferee " and " transferor " shall be construed accordingly.

(5) The definitions in subsections (1) to (3) above apply to the provisions of this Act except where the context otherwise requires.

(6) For purposes of this Act—

(a) the length of the barrel of a firearm shall be measured from the muzzle to the point at which the charge is exploded on firing; and

(b) a shot gun or an air weapon shall be deemed to be loaded if there is ammunition in the chamber or barrel or in any magazine or other device which is in such a position that the ammunition can be fed into the chamber or barrel by the manual or automatic operation of some part of the gun or weapon.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

641

58. —(1) Nothing in this Act shall apply to the proof houses Part IV of the Master, Wardens and Society of the Mystery of Gun- Particular makers of the City of London and the guardians of the Binning- savings, ham proof house or die rifle range at Small Heath in Birmingham where firearms are sighted and tested, so as to interfere in any way with the operations of those two companies

in proving firearms under the provisions of the Gun Barrel 1868 c. cxiii. Proof Act 1868 or any other Acts for the time being in force, or to any person carrying firearms to or from any such proof house when being taken to such proof house for the purposes of proof or being removed therefrom after proof.

(2) Nothing in this Act relating to firearms shall apply to an antique firearm which is sold, transferred, purchased, acquired or possessed as a curiosity or ornament.

(3) The provisions of this Act relating to ammunition shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any enactment relating to the keeping and sale of explosives.

(4) The powers of arrest and entry conferred by Part III of this Act shall be without prejudice to any power of arrest or entry which may exist apart from this Act; and section 52(3) of this Act is not to be taken as prejudicing the power of a constable, when arresting a person for an offence, to seize property found in his possession or any other power of a constable to seize firearms, ammunition or other property, being a power exercisable apart from that subsection.

(5) Nothing in this Act relieves any person using or carrying a firearm from his obligation to take out a licence to kill game under the enactments requiring such a licence.

59. —(1) The enactments specified in the second column of Repeals and Schedule 7 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified general

in the third column of that Schedule. savings.

(2) In so far as any certificate, authority or permit granted, order or rule made, registration effected, or other thing done under an enactment repealed by this Act could have been granted, made, effected or done under a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal of that enactment but shall have effect as if granted, made, effected or done under that corresponding provision; and for the purposes of this provision anything which under section 33(1) or (2)

of the Firearms Act 1937 had effect as if done under any 1937 c. 12. enactment in that Act shall, so far as may be necessary for the continuity of the law, be treated as done under the corresponding enactment in this Act

(3) Any document referring to an enactment repealed by this Act or by the Firearms Act 1937 shall, so far as may be necessary for preserving its effect, be construed as referring, or as

x

642

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Part IV

1889 c. 63.

Short title, commencement and extent.

including a reference, to the corresponding enactment in this Act

(4) The mention of particular matters in this section shall not be taken to affect die general application of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 with regard to the effect of repeals.

60.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Firearms Act 1968.

(2) This Act shall come into force on 1st August 1968.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

643

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Section 17.

Offences to which section 17(2) applies

1. Offences under any of the following provisions of the Malicious 1861 c. 97. Damage Act 1861:—

sections 1 to 8 (setting fire to buildings and other property);

sections 9 to 12 (blowing up buildings or destroying them by riotous action); sections 14 and 15 (industrial sabotage); sections 26 to 29 (sabotage of mines and machinery);

sections 33 to 38 (sabotage of public transport and communications);

section 54 (making or having explosives for destructive purpose).

2. Offences under any of the following provisions of the Offences 1861 c. 100. Against the Person Act 1861:—

sections 20 to 22 (inflicting bodily injury; garrotting; criminal use of stupefying drugs);

section 30 (laying explosive to building etc.);

section 32 (endangering railway passengers by tampering with track);

section 38 (assault with intent to commit felony or resist arrest);

section 47 (criminal assaults);

section 56 (child-stealing and abduction).

3. Offences under such of the provisions of section 4 of the Vagrancy 1824 c. 83. Act 1824 as are referred to in and amended by section 15 of the Prevention of Crimes Act 1871 and section 7 of the Penal Servitude 1871 c. 112. Act 1891 (suspected persons and reputed thieves being abroad with 1891 c. 69. criminal intent).

4. Offences under any of the following provisions of the Larceny 1916 c. 50. Act 1916:—

sections 2 to 4 (theft and its variants);

sections 12 to 15 (aggravated forms of larceny);

sections 24 to 27 (sacrilege, burglary and housebreaking);

section 28(2), (3) and (4) (going about at night as for burglary);

sections 29 and 30 (demanding with menaces).

5. Offences under section 51(1) of the Police Act 1964 or section 1964 c. 48. 41 of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 (assaulting constable in execution 1967 c. 77. of his duty).

644

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Sch. 1 1956 c. 69.

1960 c. 16.

1861 c. 97.

Sections 17,

1824 c. 83. 1871 c. 112.

1883 c. 3.

6. Offences under any of the following provisions of the Sexual Offences Act 1956:—

section 1 (rape);

sections 17,18 and 20 (abduction of women).

7. Offences under section 217 of the Road Traffic Act 1960 (taking and driving away a motor vehicle).

8. Aiding or abetting the commission of any offence specified in paragraphs 1 to 7 of this Schedule.

9. Attempting to commit any offence so specified, other than an offence under section 8 (arson of buildings), section 27 (arson of mines) or section 38 (sabotage of telegraphs) of the Malicious Damage Act 1861.

18. SCHEDULE 2

Offences to which sections 17(2) and 18 apply in Scotland Common Law Offences

1. Abduction.

2. Administration of drugs with intent to enable or assist the commission of a crime.

3. Assault

4. Housebreaking with intent to steal.

5. Malicious mischief.

6. Mobbing and rioting.

7. Perverting the course of justice.

8. Prison breaking and breaking into prison to rescue prisoners.

9. Rape.

10. Robbery.

11. Theft

12. Use of threats with intent to extort money or property.

13. Wilful fireraising and culpable and reckless fireraising.

Statutory Offences

14. Offences against such of the provisions of section 4 of the Vagrancy Act 1824 as are extended to Scotland by section 15 of the Prevention of Crimes Act 1871.

15. Offences against the third and fourth paragraphs of section 7 of the Prevention of Crimes Act 1871.

16. Offences against sections 2, 3 or 4 of the Explosive Substances Act 1883.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

17. Offences against section 217 of the Road Traffic Act 1960. Sch. 2

18. Offences against section 41 of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967. jj®

Attempts

19. Attempt to commit any of the offences mentioned in this Schedule.

SCHEDULE 3 Section 21.

Jurisdiction and Procedure on application UNDER SECTION 21(6)

Part I

Application to quarter sessions (England and Wales)

1. The application shall be made to the court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the place where the applicant resides.

2. Notice of the application, signed by the applicant or by his agent on his behalf and stating the general grounds of the application, shall be given by him to the clerk of the peace and also to the chief officer of police for the area in which the applicant resides.

3. On receiving notice of the application the clerk of the peace shall enter the application and give notice to the applicant, and to the chief officer of police to whom the notice of the application is required by paragraph 2 of this Schedule to be given, of the date, time and place fixed for the hearing; but the date shall not be less than twenty-one clear days after the date when the clerk of the peace received the notice of the application.

4. The applicant may at any time, not less than two clear days before the date fixed for the hearing, abandon his application by giving notice in writing to the clerk of the peace and to the chief officer of police; and if he does so the court of quarter sessions (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the court ") may order the applicant to pay to the chief officer of police such costs as appear to it to be just and reasonable in respect of expenses properly incurred by him in connection with the application before notice of abandonment was given to him.

5. The chief officer of police may appear and be heard on the hearing of the application.

6. The court may from time to time adjourn the hearing of the application.

7. On the determination of the application, the court may make such order as to payment of costs as it thinks fit, and may fix a sum to be paid by way of costs in lieu of directing a taxation thereof, and any costs ordered to be paid by the court may be recovered summarily as a civil debt and shall not be recoverable in any other manner:

Provided that the chief officer of police shall not under this paragraph be ordered to pay the costs of the applicant

646

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Sch. 3

Section 40.

Part n

Application to Sheriff (Scotland)

8. The application shall be made to the sheriff within whose jurisdiction the applicant resides.

9. Not less than twenty-one days* notice of the application shall be given to the chief officer of police for the area in which the applicant resides.

SCHEDULE 4

Particulars to be entered by firearms dealer in rbgister of transactions

1. The quantities and description of firearms and ammunition manufactured and the dates thereof.

2. The quantities and description of firearms and ammunition purchased or acquired with the names and addresses of the sellers or transferors and the dates of the several transactions.

3. The quantities and description of firearms and ammunition accepted for sale, repair, test, proof, cleaning, storage, destruction or other purpose, with die names and addresses of the transferors and the dates of the several transactions.

4. The quantities and description of firearms and ammunition sold and transferred with the names and addresses of the purchasers and transferees (except in cases where the purchasers are transferees), the areas in which firearms were issued and the dates of the several transactions.

5. The quantities and description of firearms and ammunition in possession for sale or transfer at the date of the last stocktaking or such other date in each year as may be specified in the register.

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

647

SCHEDULE 5 Section 44.

Provisions as to Appeals under s. 44 of this Act Part I

Courts with Jurisdiction to entertain Appeal

Nature of appeal

Quarter sessions jurisdiction

Sheriff's

jurisdiction

1. Appeal under section 26(4), 29(2) or 30(3) (against refusal to grant or renew, or to vary, or against revocation of, a certificate).

The court having jurisdiction in the place where the appellant resides.

The sheriff within whose jurisdiction the appellant resides.

2. Appeal under section 34(5) by a person aggrieved by the refusal of a chief officer of police to register him as a firearms dealer.

The court having jurisdiction in the place in which there is situated any place of business in respect of which the appellant has applied to be registered.

The sheriff within whose jurisdiction there is situated any place of business in respect of which the appellant has applied to be registered.

3. Appeal under section 34(5) or 37(3) by a person aggrieved by the refusal of a chief officer of police to enter a place of business of his in the register.

The court having jurisdiction in the place in which there is situated the place of business to which the appeal relates.

The sheriff within whose jurisdiction there is situated the place of business to which the appeal relates.

4. Appeal under section 36(3) (against imposition or variation of condition of registration, or refusal to vary or revoke such a condition).

The court having jurisdiction in the place in which is situated the appellant’s place of business in respect of which the condition is in force.

The sheriff within whose jurisdiction is situated the appellant's place of business in respect of which the condition is in force.

5. Appeal under section 38(7) by a person aggrieved by the removal of his name from the register.

The court having jurisdiction in the place in which is situated any place of business in respect of which the appellant has been registered.

The sheriff within whose jurisdiction there is situated any place of business in respect of which the appellant has been registered.

6. Appeal under section 38(7) by a person aggrieved by the removal from the register of a place of business of his.

The court having jurisdiction in the place in which is situated the place of business to which the appeal relates.

The sheriff within whose jurisdiction is situated the place of business to which the appeal relates.

648

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Sch. 5

Part n

Procedural provisions for appeal to quarter sessions

1. Notice of an appeal, signed by the appellant or by his agent on his behalf and stating the general grounds of the appeal, shall be given by him to the clerk of the peace and also to the chief officer of police by whose decision the appellant is aggrieved.

2. A notice of appeal shall be given within twenty-one days after the date on which the appellant has received notice of the decision of the chief officer of police by which he is aggrieved.

3. On receiving notice of an appeal the clerk of the peace shall enter the appeal and give notice to the appellant and to the chief officer of police to whom the notice of the appeal is required by paragraph 1 of this Part of this Schedule to be given, of the date, time and place fixed for the hearing.

4. An appellant may at any time, not less than two clear days before the date fixed for the hearing, abandon his appeal by giving notice in writing to the clerk of the peace and to the chief officer of police; and if he does so the court of quarter sessions (hereafter referred to in this Schedule as " the court ") may order the appellant to pay to the chief officer of police such costs as appear to it to be just and reasonable in respect of expenses properly incurred by him in connection with the appeal before notice of abandonment was given to him.

5. The chief officer of police may appear and be heard on the hearing of an appeal.

6. The court may from time to time adjourn the hearing of an appeal.

7. On the hearing of an appeal the court may either dismiss the appeal or give the chief officer of police such directions as it thinks fit as respects the certificate or register which is the subject of the appeal.

8. On the determination of an appeal the court may make such order as to payment of costs as it thinks fit, and may fix a sum to be paid by way of costs in lieu of directing a taxation thereof, and any costs ordered by the court to be paid may be recovered summarily as a civil debt and shall not be recoverable in any other manner.

SCHEDULE 6 Section 51.

Prosecution and Punishment of Offences Part I Table of Punishments

a

Section of this Act creating offence General nature of offence Mode of prosecution Punishment

Section 1(1) Possessing etc. firearm or ammunition without firearm certificate. (a) Summary (b) On indictment... 6 months or a fine of £200; or both. (i) where the offence is committed in an aggravated form within the meaning of section 4(4) of this Act, 5 years, or a fine; or both, (ii) in any other case, 3 years or a fine; or both.

Section 1(2) Non-compliance with condition of firearm certificate. Summary 6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

Section 2(1) Possessing, etc., shot gun without shot gun certificate. Summary 6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

Section 2(2) Non-compliance with condition of shot gun certificate. Summary 6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

Section 3(1) Trading in firearms without being registered as firearms dealer. (a) Summary (b) On indictment... 6 months or a fine of £200; or both. 3 years or a fine; or both.

Section 3(2) Selling firearm to person without a certificate. (a) Summary (b) On indictment... 6 months or a fine of £200; or both. 3 years or a fine; or both.

Additional provisions

# Paragraph 1 of Part n of this Schedule applies.

Paragraph 1 of Part n of this Schedule applies.

Paragraph 1 of Part n of this Schedule applies.

Paragraph 1 of Part n of this Schedule applies.

Q

ii

t

VO

i

Firearms Act

Section of this Act creating offence General nature of offence Mode of prosecution

Section 3(3) Repairing, testing etc. firearm for person without a certificate. (0) Summary (b) On indictment...

Section 3(5) ... Falsifying certificate, etc., with view to acquisition of firearm. (a) Summary (b) On indictment...

Section 3(6) ... Pawnbroker taking firearm in pawn. Summary

Sectional) (3) } Shortening a shot gun; conversion of firearms. (a) Summary (b) On indictment...

Section 5(1) ... Possessing or distributing prohibited weapons or ammunition. (a) Summary (b) On indictment...

Section 5(5) ... Non-compliance with condition of Defence Council authority. Summary

Section 5(6) Non-compliance with requirement to surrender authority to possess, etc., prohibited weapon or ammunition. Summary

Section 6(3) • • Contravention of order under s. 6 (or corresponding Northern Irish order) restricting removal of arms. Summary

Section 7(2) ... Making false statement in order to obtain police permit. Summary

Punishment 6 months or a fine of £200; or both. 3 years or a fine; or both. ps ss Additional provisions 9

6 months or a fine of £200; or both. 3 years or a fine of £200; or both. 3 months or a fine of £20; or both. a

6 months or a fine of £200; or both. 5 years or a fine; or both. 6 months or a fine of £200; or both. 5 years or a fine; or both. 6 months or a fine of £200; or both. A fine of £20. Firearms Act 1968

3 months or, for each firearm or parcel of ammunition in respect of which the offence is committed, a fine of £20; or both. 6 months or a fine of £200; or both. Paragraph 2 of Part n of this Schedule applies.

Act 1968

Section 9(3)

Section 13(2)

Section 16... Section 17(1)

Making false statement in order to obtain permit for auction of firearms etc.

(a) Summary

(b) On indictment...

Making false statement in order to obtain permit for removal of signalling apparatus.

Possession of firearm with intent to endanger life or injure property.

Use of firearms to resist arrest

Summary

On indictment On indictment

Section 17(2)

Section 18(1)

Section 19

Section 20(1)

Section 20(2)

... Possessing firearm while committing an offence specified in Schedule 1 or, in Scotland, an offence specified in Schedule 2.

... Carrying firearms or imitation firearm with intent to commit indictable offence (or, in Scotland, an offence specified in Schedule 2) or to resist arrest.

... Carrying loaded firearm in public place.

. Trespassing with firearm in a building.

... Trespassing with firearm on land.

On indictment

On indictment

(a) Summary

(b) On indictment (but not if the firearm is an air weapon).

(a) Summary

(b) On indictment (but not if the firearm is an air weapon).

Summary

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

3 years or a fine; or both.

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

14 years or a fine; or, in England or Wales, both.

14 years or a fine; or, in Paragraphs 3 to 5 of England or Wales, both. Part II of this Schedule

apply.

7 years or a fine; or, in Paragraphs 3 and 6 of England or Wales, both. Part II of this Schedule

apply.

10 years or a fine; or, in England or Wales, both.

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

3 years or a fine; or both.

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

5 years or a fine; or both.

3 months or a fine of £100; or both.

Section of this Act creating offence General nature of offence Mode of prosecution

Section 21(4) Contravention of provisions denying firearms to exprisoners and the like. (a) Summary (b) On indictment.

Section 21(5) Supplying firearms to person denied them under section 21. (a) Summary ib) On indictment.

Section 22(1) Person under 17 acquiring firearm. Summary ...

Section 22(2) Person under 14 having firearm in his possession without lawful authority. Summary ...

Section 22(3) Person under 15 having with him a shot gun without adult supervision. Summary ...

Section 22(4) Person under 14 having with him an air weapon or ammunition therefor. Summary ...

Section 22(5) Person under 17 having with him an air weapon in a public place. Summary ...

Section 23(1) Person under 14 making improper use of air weapon when under supervision; person supervising him permitting such use. Summary ...

Section 24(1) Selling or letting on hire a firearm to person under 17. Summary ...

Punishment

Additional provisions

6 months or a fine of £200; or both-

3 years or a fine; or both.

.. 6 months or a fine of £200; or

both.

3 years or a fine; or both.

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

.. 6 months or a fine of £200; or

both.

.. A fine of £50...

... Paragraph 8 of Part II of this Schedule applies.

.. A fine of £50...

.. A fine of £50..

.. A fine of £50...

... Paragraphs 7 and 8 of

Part n of this Schedule apply.

... Paragraphs 7 and 8 of

Part n of this Schedule apply.

... Paragraphs 7 and 8 of

Part n of this Schedule apply.

.. 6 months or a fine of £200; or

both.

Section 24(2) Supplying firearm or ammunition (being of a kind to which section 1 of this Act applies) to person under 14. Summary

Section 24(3) Making gift of shot gun to person under 15. Summary

Section 24(4) Supplying air weapon to person under 14. Summary

Section 25 Supplying firearm to person drunk or insane. Summary

Section 26(5) Making false statement in order to procure grant or renewal of a firearm or shot gun certificate. Summary

Section 29(3) Making false statement in order to procure variation of a firearm certificate. Summary

Section 30(4) Failing to surrender certificate on revocation. Summary

Section 38(8) Failure to surrender certificate of registration on removal of firearms dealer's name from register. Summary

Section 39(1) Making false statement in order to secure registration or entry in register of a place of business. Summary

Section 39(2) Registered firearms dealer having place of business not entered in the register. Summary

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

A fine of £50

A fine of £50.

3 months or a fine of £20; or both.

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

Paragraph 9 of Part II of this Schedule applies.

Paragraphs 7 and 8 of Part II of this Schedule apply.

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

A fine of £20.

A fine of £20.

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

Firearms Act 1968 Ch. 27

g

CQ

n'

a

cr

I <r>

1 o

Section of this Act creating offence General nature of offence Mode of prosecution Punishment Additional provisions

Section 39(3) Non-compliance with condition of registration. Summary ... 6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

Section 40(5) Non-compliance by firearms dealer with provisions as to register of transactions; making false entry in register. Summary 6 months or a fine of £200; or both.

Section 42 Failure to comply with instructions in firearm certificate when transferring firearm to person other than registered dealer; failure to report transaction to police. (a)Summary (b) On indictment... 6 months or a fine of £200; or both. 3 years or a fine; or both.

Section 47(2) Failure to hand over firearm or ammunition on demand by constable. Summary 3 months, or a fine of £100; or both.

Section 48(3) Failure to comply with requirement of a constable that a person shall declare his name and address. Summary A fine of £20.

Section 49(3) Failure to give constable facilities for examination of firearms in transit, or to produce papers. Summary 3 months or, for each firearm or parcel of ammunition in respect of which the offence is committed, a fine of £20; or both. Paragraph 2 of Part II of this Schedule applies.

Section 52(2Xc) ... Failure to surrender firearm or shot gun certificate cancelled by court on conviction. Summary A fine of £20.

On

V*

P

H

Firearms Act 1968

Ch. 27

655

Part n Sch. 6

Supplementary Provisions as to Trial and Punishment of offences

1. In Scotland, a contravention of section 1(1) or (2) or section 2(1) or (2) of this Act which, if it had been triable on indictment, could competently have been libelled as an additional or alternative charge in an indictment charging a person with an offence involving any injury or attempted injury of, or any threat or intent to injure, any person or property by the use or attempted use of a firearm, may, notwithstanding anything in those sections or in Part I of this Schedule, be so libelled and tried.

2. In the case of an offence against section 6(3) or 49(3) of this Act, the court before which the offender is convicted may, if the offender is the owner of the firearms or ammunition, make such order as to the forfeiture of the firearms or ammunition as the court thinks fit

3. Where in England or Wales a person who has attained the age of seventeen is charged before a magistrates* court with an offence specified in Schedule 1 to the Magistrates* Courts Act 1952 and is 1952 c. 55. also charged before that court with an offence under section 17(1) or

(2) of this Act then, notwithstanding anything in section 19 of the said Act of 1952, the court shall not proceed to the summary trial of the first-mentioned offence if the accused is committed for trial in respect of the offence under section 17(1) or (2) of this Act.

4. Where a person commits an offence under section 17(1) of this Act in respect of the lawful arrest or detention of himself for any other offence committed by him, he shall be liable to the penalty provided by Part I of this Schedule in addition to any penalty to which he may be sentenced for the other offence.

5. If on the trial of a person for an offence under section 17(1) of this Act the jury are not satisfied that he is guilty of that offence but are satisfied that he is guilty of an offence under section 17(2), the jury may find him guilty of the offence under section 17(2) and he shall then be punishable accordingly.

6. The punishment to which a person is liable for an offence under section 17(2) of this Act shall be in addition to any punishment to which he may be liable for the offence first referred to in section 17(2).

7. The court by which a person is convicted of an offence under section 22(4) or (5), 23(1) or 24(4) of this Act may make such order as it thinks fit as to the forfeiture or disposal of the air weapon or ammunition in respect of which the offence was committed.

8. The court by which a person is convicted of an offence under section 22(3), (4) or (5), 23(1) or 24(4) may make such order as it thinks fit as to the forfeiture or disposal of any firearm or ammunition found in his possession.

9. The court by which a person is convicted of an offence under section 24(3) of this Act may make such order as it thinks fit as to the forfeiture or disposal of the shot gun or ammunition in respect of which the offence was committed.

X. 4

656

Ch. 27

Firearms Act 1968

Section 59.

SCHEDULE 7 Repeals

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

1 Edw. 8 & 1

The Firearms Act 1937.

The whole Act.

Geo.6. c. 12.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 58.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 94.

The Criminal Justice Act 1948.

The Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949.

In Schedule 9, the entry relating to the Firearms Act 1937.

In Schedule 11, the entry relating to the Firearms Act 1937.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 52.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. and 1 Eifc-2. c. 61.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 69.

The Magistrates' Courts Act 1952.

The Prison Act 1952.

The Prisons (Scotland) Act 1952.

The Sexual Offences Act 1956.

In Schedule 5, the entry relating to section 23(4) of the Firearms Act 1937.

In Schedule 3, the entry relating to section 21(2) of the Firearms Act 1937.

In Schedule 3, the entry relating to section 21(2) of the Firearms Act 1937.

In Schedule 3, the entry relating to the Firearms Act 1937.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2.

c. 49.

1964 c. 48.

The Air Guns and Shot Guns, etc. Act 1962. The Police Act 1964.

The whole Act.

In Schedule 9, the entry relating to the Firearms Act 1937.

1965 c. 44.

1966 c. 42.

1966 c. 51.

1967 c. 77. 1967 c. 80.

The Firearms Act 1965. The Local Government Act 1966.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966.

The Police (Scotland) Act 1967.

The Criminal Justice Act 1967.

The whole Act.

In Part II of Schedule 3, the entry (numbered 19) relating to the Firearms Act 1937.

In Part EL of Schedule 4, the entry (numbered 17) relating to the Firearms Act 1937.

In Schedule 4, the entry relating to the Firearms Act 1937.

Part V (that is to say, sections 85 to 88).

Ch. 28

657

Wills Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 28

An Act to restrict the operation of section 15 of the Wills Act 1837.

[30th May 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purposes of section 15 of the Wills Act 1837 Restriction (avoidance of gifts to attesting witnesses and their spouses) operation the attestation of a will by a person to whom or to whose spouse ^ct 1837 there is given or made any such disposition as is described in £ 15 that section shall be disregarded if the will is duly executed 1837c 2e without his attestation and without that of any other such person.

(2) This section applies to the will of any person dying after the passing of this Act, whether executed before or after the passing of this Act.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Wills Act 1968. Short title

and extent.

(2) This Act does not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

Ch. 29

659

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 29

An Act to replace the Merchandise Marks Acts 1887 to 1953 by fresh provisions prohibiting misdescriptions of poods, services, accommodation and facilities provided in the course of trade; to prohibit false or misleading indications as to the price of goods; to confer power to require information or instructions relating to goods to be marked on or to accompany the goods or to be included in advertisements; to prohibit the unauthorised use of devices or emblems signifying royal awards; to enable the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws relating to merchandise marks; and for purposes connected with those matters.

[30th May 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Prohibition of false trade descriptions

1.—(1) Any person who, in the course of a trade or business,— Prohibition of (a) applies a false trade description to any goods; or dewn^oL.

(b) supplies or offers to supply any goods to which a false trade description is applied;

shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence.

(2) Sections 2 to 6 of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section and for the interpretation of expressions used in this section, wherever they occur in this Act

660

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1%8

Trade

description.

1920 c. 54.

1928 c. 19. 1931 c. 40.

1964 c. 14.

1964 c. 28.

1965 c. 22 (NX).

1966 c. 15 (NX).

1926 c. 45.

1967 c. 22.

2.—(1) A trade description is an indication, direct or indirect, and by whatever means given, of any of the following matters with respect to any goods or parts of goods, that is to say—

(a) quantity, size or gauge;

(b) method of manufacture, production, processing or reconditioning;

(c) composition;

(d) fitness for purpose, strength, performance, behaviour or

accuracy;

(e) any physical characteristics not included in the preced-

ing paragraphs;

if) testing by any person and results thereof;

(g) approval by any person or conformity with a type

approved by any person;

(h) place or date of manufacture, production, processing or reconditioning;

(0 person by whom manufactured, produced, processed or reconditioned;

(j) other history, including previous ownership or use.

(2) The matters specified in subsection (1) of this section shall be taken—

(a) in relation to any animal, to include sex, breed or cross,

fertility and soundness;

(b) in relation to any semen, to include the identity and

characteristics of the animal from which it was taken and measure of dilution.

(3) In this section " quantity " includes length, width, height, area, volume, capacity, weight and number.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, the following shall be deemed not to be trade descriptions, that is to say, any description or mark applied in pursuance of—

(a) the Seeds Act 1920;

(b) section 2 of the Agricultural Produce (Grading and

Marking) Act 1928 (as amended by the Agricultural Produce (Grading and Marking) Amendment Act 1931) or any corresponding enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

(c) the Plant Varieties and Seeds Act 1964;

(d) the Agriculture and Horticulture Act 1964;

(e) the Seeds Act (Northern Ireland) 1965;

</) the Horticulture Act (Northern Ireland) 1966;

any description applied in pursuance of the Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act 1926 to an article included in the first column of Schedule 1 to that Act, and any mark prescribed by a system of classification compiled under section 5 of the Agriculture Act 1967.

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

661

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, where provision is made under the Food and Drugs Act 1955, the Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956 or the Food and Drugs Act (Northern Ireland) 1958 prohibiting the application of a description except to goods in the case of which the requirements specified in that provision are complied with, that description, when applied to such goods, shall be deemed not to be a trade description.

3.—(1) A false trade description is a trade description which is false to a material degree.

(2) A trade description which, though not false, is misleading, that is to say, likely to be taken for such an indication of any of the matters specified in section 2 of this Act as would be false to a material degree, shall be deemed to be a false trade description.

(3) Anything which, though not a trade description, is likely to be taken for an indication of any of those matters and, as such an indication, would be false to a material degree, shall be deemed to be a false trade description.

(4) A false indication, or anything likely to be taken as an indication which would be false, that any goods comply with a standard specified or recognised by any person or implied by the approval of any person shall be deemed to be a false trade description, if there is no such person or no standard so specified, recognised or implied.

4.—(1) A person applies a trade description to goods if he—

(a) affixes or annexes it to or in any manner marks it on or

incorporates it with—

(i) the goods themselves, or

(ii) anything in, on or with which the goods are supplied; or

(b) places the goods in, on or with anything which the trade

description has been affixed or annexed to, marked on or incorporated with, or places any such thing with the goods; or

(c) uses the trade description in any manner likely to

be taken as referring to the goods.

(2) An oral statement may amount to the use of a trade description.

(3) Where goods are supplied in pursuance of a request in which a trade description is used and the circumstances are such as to make it reasonable to infer that the goods are

1955 c. 16

(4 & 5 Eliz. 2).

1956 c. 30.

1958 c. 27 (N.I.).

False trade description.

Applying a trade

description to goods.

662

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

supplied as goods corresponding to that trade description, the person supplying the goods shall be deemed to have applied that trade description to the goods.

Trade 5.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have

descriptions effect where in an advertisement a trade description is used in ^dwrfeements. relation to any class of goods.

(2) The trade description shall be taken as referring to all goods of the class, whether or not in existence at the time the advertisement is published—

(a) for the purpose of determining whether an offence has

been committed under paragraph (a) of section 1(1) of this Act; and

(b) where goods of the class are supplied or offered to be

supplied by a person publishing or displaying the advertisement, also for the purpose of determining whether an offence has been committed under paragraph (b) of the said section 1(1).

(3) In determining for the purposes of this section whether any goods are of a class to which a trade description used in an advertisement relates regard shall be had not only to the form and content of the advertisement but also to the time, place, manner and frequency of its publication and all other matters making it likely or unlikely that a person to whom the goods are supplied would think of the goods as belonging to the class in relation to which the trade description is used in the advertisement

Offer to 6. A person exposing goods for supply or having goods in

supply. his possession for supply shall be deemed to offer to supply them..

Power to define terms and to require , . of

information

Definition 7. Where it appears to the Board of Trade— o^dc^s• (a) that it would be in the interest of persons to whom

any goods are supplied; or (b) that it would be in the interest of persons by whom any goods are exported and would not be contrary to the interest of persons to whom such goods are supplied in the United Kingdom;

that any expressions used in relation to the goods should be understood as having definite meanings, the Board may by order assign such meanings either—

(i) to those expressions when used in the course of a trade or business as, or as part of, a trade description applied to the goods; or

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

663

Gi) to those expressions when so used in such circum stances as may be specified in the order;

and where such a meaning is so assigned to an expression it shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have that meaning when used as mentioned in paragraph (i) or, as the case may be, paragraph (ii) of this section.

&—(1) Where it appears to the Board of Trade necessary Marking or expedient in the interest of persons to whom any goods are orders, supplied that the goods should be marked with or accompanied by any information (whether or not amounting to or including a trade description) or instruction relating to the goods, the Board may, subject to the provisions of this Act, by order impose requirements for securing that the goods are so marked or accompanied, and regulate or prohibit the supply of goods with respect to which the requirements are not complied with; and the requirements may extend to the form and manner in which the information or instruction is to be given.

(2) Where an order under this section is in force with respect to goods of any description, any person who, in the course of any trade or business, supplies or offers to supply goods of that description in contravention of the order shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence.

(3) An order under this section may make different provision for different circumstances and may, in the case of goods supplied in circumstances where the information or instruction required by the order would not be conveyed until after delivery, require the whole or part thereof to be also displayed near the goods.

9.—(1) Where it appears to the Board of Trade necessary or Information, expedient in the interest of persons to whom any goods are etc. to be to be supplied that any description of advertisements of the8™®*11 goods should contain or refer to any information (whether or aavertlsements not amounting to or including a trade description) relating to die goods the Board may, subject to the provisions of this Act, by order impose requirements as to the inclusion of that information, or of an indication of the means by which it may be obtained, in such description of advertisements of the goods as may be specified in the order.

(2) An order under this section may specify the form and manner in which any such information or indication is to be included in advertisements of any description and may make different provision for different circumstances.

(3) Where an advertisement of any goods to be supplied in the course of any trade or business fails to comply with any requirement imposed under this section, any person who publishes the advertisement shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence.

664

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Provisions 10.—(1) A requirement imposed by an order under section 8

supplementary or section 9 of this Act in relation to any goods shall not be confined to goods manufactured or produced in any one country or any one of a number of countries or to goods manufactured or produced outside any one or more countries, unless—

(a) it is imposed with respect to a description of goods in

the case of which the Board of Trade are satisfied that the interest of persons in the United Kingdom to whom goods of that description are supplied will be sufficiently protected if die requirement is so confined; and

(b) the Board of Trade are satisfied that the order is com-

patible with the international obligations of the United Kingdom.

(2) Where any requirements with respect to any goods are for the time being imposed by such an order and die Board of Trade are satisfied, on the representation of persons appearing to the Board to have a substantial interest in the matter, that greater hardship would be caused to such persons if the requirements continued to apply than is justified by the interest of persons to whom such goods are supplied, the power of the Board to relax or discontinue the requirements by a further order may be exercised without the consultation and notice required by section 38(3) of this Act.

Misstatements other than false trade descriptions False or 11.—(1) If any person offering to supply goods of any des-

misleading cription gives, by whatever means, any false indication to the toprioeof 48 Gff®0* that the price at which the goods are offered is equal to or goods. less than—

(a) a recommended price; or

(b) the price at which the goods or goods of the same

description were previously offered by him;

or is less than such a price by a specified amount, he shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence.

(2) If any person offering to supply any goods gives, by whatever means, any indication likely to be taken as an indication that the goods are being offered at a price less than that at which they are in fact being offered he shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence.

(3) For the purposes of this section—

(a) an indication that goods were previously offered at a higher price or at a particular price—

(i) shall be treated as an indication that they were so offered by the person giving the indication, unless it is expressly stated that they were so offered by

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

665

others and it is not expressed or implied that they were, or might have been, so offered also by that person; and

(ii) shall be treated, unless the contrary is expressed, as an indication that they were so offered within the preceding six months for a continuous period of not less than twenty-eight days;

(b) an indication as to a recommended price—

(i) shall be treated, unless the contrary is expressed, as an indication that it is a price recommended by the manufacturer or producer; and

(ii) shall be treated, unless the contrary is expressed, as an indication that it is a price recommended generally for supply by retail in the area where the goods are offered;

(c) anything likely to be taken as an indication as to a

recommended price or as to the price at which goods were previously offered shall be treated as such an indication; and

(d) a person advertising goods as available for supply shall

be taken as offering to supply them.

12. —(1) If any person, in the course of any trade or business. False

gives, by whatever means, any false indication, direct or indirect, representations that any goods or services supplied by him or any methods ^to adopted by him are or are of a kind supplied to or approved aSSrd etc* by Her Majesty or any member of the Royal Family, he shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence.

(2) If any person, in the course of any trade or business, uses, without the authority of Her Majesty, any device or emblem signifying the Queen’s Award to Industry or anything so nearly resembling such a device or emblem as to be likely to deceive, he shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence.

13. If any person, in the course of any trade or business. False

gives, by whatever means, any false indication, direct or indirect, representations that any goods or services supplied by him are of a kind supplied asto supply of to any person he shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence.

14. —(1) It shall be an offence for any person in the course False or

of any trade or business— misleading

(a) to make a statement which he knows to be false; or t^se^ices *

(b) recklessly to make a statement which is false; etc.

as to any of the following matters, that is to say,—

(i) the provision in the course of any trade or business of any services, accommodation or facilities;

666

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Orders

defining terms for purposes of section 14.

Prohibition of importation of goods bearing false indication of origin.

(ii) the nature of any services, accommodation or facilities

provided in the course of any trade or business;

(iii) the time at which, manner in which or persons by whom any services, accommodation or facilities are so provided;

(iv) the examination, approval or evaluation by any person of any services, accommodation or facilities so provided; or

(v) the location or amenities of any accommodation so

provided.

(2) For the purposes of this section—

(a) anything (whether or not a statement as to any of the

matters specified in the preceding subsection) likely to be taken for such a statement as to any of those matters as would be false shall be deemed to be a false statement as to that matter; and

(b) a statement made regardless of whether it is true or

false shall be deemed to be made recklessly, whether or not the person making it had reasons for believing that it might be false.

(3) In relation to any services consisting of or including the application of any treatment or process or the carrying out of any repair, the matters specified m subsection (1) of this section shall be taken to include the effect of the treatment, process or repair.

(4) In this section M false " means false to a material degree and " services " does not include anything done under a contract of service.

15, Where it appears to the Board of Trade that it would be in the interest of persons for whom any services, accommodation or facilities are provided in the course of any trade or business that any expressions used with respect thereto should be understood as having definite meanings, the Board may by order assign such meanings to those expressions when used as, or as part of, such statements as are mentioned in section 14 of this Act with respect to those services, accommodation or facilities; and where such a meaning is so assigned to an expression it shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have that meaning when so used.

Prohibition of importation of certain goods

16. Where a false trade description is applied to any goods outside the United Kingdom and the false indication, or one of the false indications, given, or likely to be taken as given, thereby is an indication of the place of manufacture, production, processing or reconditioning of the goods or any part thereof, the goods shall not be imported into the United Kingdom.

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

667

17. In the Trade Marks Act 1938 the following section shall Restriction on be inserted after section 64: — importation

" 64A.—(1) The person who is registered as the pro-j^*^* prietor or registered user of a trade mark in respect of any infringing goods may give notice in writing to the Commissioners of trade marks. Customs and Excise (in this section referred to as the 1938 c. 22. Commissioners)—

(a) that he is the proprietor or registered user of that trade mark, and

(b) that such goods bearing the trade mark are

expected to arrive in the United Kingdom at a time and place and by a consignment specified in the notice, and

(c) that the use within the United Kingdom of the

trade mark in relation to the goods would infringe the proprietor’s exclusive right to that use, and

(d) that he requests the Commissioners to treat the goods as prohibited goods.

(2) Where a notice has been given under this section in respect of any goods bearing a trade mark and has not been withdrawn and the requirements of any regulations made under this section are complied with, then, subject to the following provisions of this section, the importation into the United Kingdom of the goods shall, if the condition of paragraph (c) of the preceding subsection is satisfied, be deemed to be prohibited unless the importation is for the private and domestic use of the person importing the goods.

(3) The Commissioners may make regulations prescribing the form in which notices are to be given under this section, and requiring a person giving such a notice, either at the time of giving the notice or at the time when the goods in question are imported, or at both those times, to furnish die Commissioners with such evidence, and to comply with such other conditions (if any), as may be specified in the regulations, and any such regulations may include such incidental and supplementary provisions as the Commissioners consider expedient for the purposes of this section.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding subsection, regulations made under that subsection may include provision for requiring a person who has given a notice under subsection (1) of this section, or a notice purporting to be a notice under that subsection,—

(a) to pay such fees in respect of the notice as may be

prescribed by the regulations;

(b) to give to the Commissioners such security as may

be so prescribed, in respect of any liability or

668

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

1952 c. 44.

Penalty for offences.

Time limit for prosecutions.

1952 c. 55. 1954 c. 48.

expense which they may incur in consequence of the detention of any goods to which the notice relates, or in consequence of anything done in relation to goods so detained;

(c) whether any such security is given or not, to keep the Commissioners indemnified against any such liability or expense as is mentioned in the preceding paragraph.

(5) For the purposes of section 11 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (which relates to the disposal of duties) any fees paid in pursuance of regulations made under this section shall be treated as money collected on account of customs.

(6) Regulations under subsection (3) of this section shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament"

Provisions as to offences

18. A person guilty of an offence under this Act for which no other penalty is specified shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding four

hundred pounds; and

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine or imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years or both.

19. —(1) No prosecution for an offence under this Act shall be commenced after the expiration of three years from the commission of the offence or one year from its discovery by the prosecutor, whichever is the earlier.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in section 104 of the Magistrates’ Courts Act 1952, a magistrates’ court may try an information for an offence under this Act if the information was laid at any time within twelve months from the commission of the offence.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in section 23 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1954 (limitation of time for proceedings in statutory offences) summary proceedings in Scotland for an offence under this section may be commenced at any time within twelve months from the time when the offence was committed, and subsection (2) of the said section 23 shall apply for the purposes of this subsection as it applies for the purposes of that section.

(4) Subsections (2) and (3) of this section do not apply where—

(a) the offence was committed by die making of an oral

statement; or

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

659

(b) the offence was one of supplying goods to which a false

trade description is applied, and the trade description was applied by an oral statement; or

(c) the offence was one where a false trade description is

deemed to have been applied to goods by virtue of section 4(3) of this Act and the goods were supplied in pursuance of an oral request

20. —(1) Where an offence under this Act which has been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with die consent and connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

(2) In this section "director", in relation to any body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by the members thereof, means a member of that body corporate.

21. —(1) Any person who, in the United Kingdom, assists in or induces the commission in any other country of an act in respect of goods which, if the act were committed in the United Kingdom, would be an offence under section 1 of this Act shall be guilty of an offence, except as provided by subsection (2) of this section, but only if either—

(a) the false trade description concerned is an indication (or anything likely to be taken as an indication) that the goods or any part thereof were manufactured, produced, processed or reconditioned in the United Kingdom; or

(b) the false trade description concerned—

(i) consists of or comprises an expression (or anything likely to be taken as an expression) to which a meaning is assigned by an order made by virtue of section 7(b) of this Act, and

(ii) where that meaning is so assigned only in circumstances specified in the order, the trade description is used in those circumstances.

(2) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under subsection (1) of this section if, by virtue of section 32 of this Act, the act, though committed in the United Kingdom, would not be an offence under section 1 of this Act had the goods been intended for despatch to the other country.

Offences by corporations.

Accessories to offences committed abroad.

670

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act

(3) Any person who, in the United Kingdom, assists in or induces the commission outside the United Kingdom of an act which, if committed in the United Kingdom, would be an offence under section 12 of this Act shall be guilty of an offence.

Restrictions 22.—(1) Where any act or omission constitutes both an

on institution offence under this Act and an offence under any provision of proceedings contained in or having effect by virtue of Part IV of the Weights and Measures Act 1963 or Part IV of the Weights and Measures Act (Northern Ireland) 1967—

(a) proceedings for the offence shall not be instituted under this Act, except by virtue of section 23 thereof, without the service of such a notice as is required by subsection (2) of section 51 of the said Act of 1963 or, as the case may be, subsection (2) of section 33 of the said Act of 1967, nor after the expiration of the period mentioned in paragraph (c) of that subsection; and

(b) subsections (2), (3) and (5) to (7) of section 26 of the said Act of 1963 or, as the case may be, of section 20 of the said Act of 1967, shall, with the necessary modifications, apply as if the offence under this Act were an offence under Part IV of that Act or any instrument made thereunder.

(2) Where any act or omission constitutes both an offence under this Act and an offence under the food and drugs laws, evidence on behalf of the prosecution concerning any sample procured for analysis shall not be admissible in proceedings for the offence under this Act unless the relevant provisions of those laws have been complied with.

In this subsection " the food and drugs laws " means the Food and Drugs Act 1955, the Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act (4 & 5 Eliz. 2). 1956, the Food and Drugs Act (Northern Ireland) 1958 and any 1956c.30. instrument made thereunder and "the relevant provisions" 1958 c. 27 means—

(N*1-)- (a) in relation to the said Act of 1955, sections 93 and 97

and Part I of Schedule 7;

(b) in relation to the said Act of 1956, sections 30 and 33;

and

(c) in relation to the said Act of 1958, sections 35 and 38; or any provision replacing any of the said provisions by virtue of section 123 of the said Act of 1955, section 56 of the said Act of 1956, or section 68 of the said Act of 1958.

(3) The Board of Trade may by order provide that in proceedings for an offence under this Act in relation to such goods as may be specified in the order (other than proceedings for an

admission of evidence. 1963 c. 31. 1967 c. 6 (N.I.).

1955 c. 16

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

671

offence falling within the preceding provisions of this section) evidence on behalf of the prosecution concerning any sample procured for analysis shall not be admissible unless the sample has been dealt with in such manner as may be specified in the order.

23. Where the commission by any person of an offence under Offences due this Act is due to the act or default of some other person that to fault of other person shall be guilty of the offence, and a person may be other charged with and convicted of the offence by virtue of this

section whether or not proceedings are taken against the first-mentioned person.

Defences

24. —(1) In any proceedings for an offence under this Act Defence of

it shall, subject to subsection (2) of this section, be a defence mistake, for the person charged to prove— accident, etc.

(a) that the commission of the offence was due to a mistake or to reliance on information supplied to him or to the act or default of another person, an accident or some other cause beyond his control; and

(b) that he took all reasonable precautions and exercised all

due diligence to avoid the commission of such an offence by himself or any person under his control.

(2) If in any case the defence provided by the last foregoing subsection involves the allegation that the commission of the offence was due to the act or default of another person or to reliance on information supplied by another person, the person charged shall not, without leave of the court, be entitled to rely on that defence unless, within a period ending seven clear days before the hearing, he has served on the prosecutor a notice in writing giving such information identifying or assisting in the identification of that other person as was then in his possession.

(3) In any proceedings for an offence under this Act of supplying or offering to supply goods to which a false trade description is applied it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that he did not know, and could not with reasonable diligence have ascertained, that the goods did not conform to the description or that the description had been applied to the goods.

25. In proceedings for an offence under this Act committed Innocent

by the publication of an advertisement it shall be a defence for °/

the person charged to prove that he is a person whose business aavenisement* it is to publish or arrange for the publication of advertisements and that he received the advertisement for publication in the ordinary course of business and did not know and had no reason to suspect that its publication would amount to an offence under this Act.

672

Enforcing

authorities.

1963 c. 31.

1933 c. 51.

1947 c. 43.

Power to make test purchases.

Ch. 29 Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Enforcement

26. —(1) It shall be the duty of every local weights and measures authority to enforce within their area the provisions of this Act and of any order made under this Act; and section 37 of the Weights and Measures Act 1963 (power of local authorities to combine) shall apply with respect to the functions of such authorities under this Act as it applies with respect to their functions under that Act.

(2) Every local weights and measures authority shall, whenever the Board of Trade so direct, make to the Board a report on the exercise of their functions under this Act in such form and containing such particulars as the Board may direct

(3) Where a complaint is made to the Board of Trade that all or any of the functions conferred by this Act on a local weights and measures authority are not being properly discharged in any area, or the Board are of opinion that an investigation should be made as to whether those functions are being properly discharged in any area, the Board may cause a local inquiry to be held, and—

(a) in relation to such an inquiry in England or Wales,

subsections (2) to () of section 290 of the Local Government Act 1933 (evidence and costs at local inquiries), but subsection (4) (costs of department) only in a case where the Board so direct, shall apply as if the inquiry were held in pursuance of subsection (1) of that section;

(b) in relation to such an inquiry held in Scotland, sub-

sections (2) to (9) of section 355 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 (provisions as to local inquiries) shall apply as if the inquiry were held in pursuance of subsection (1) of that section.

(4) The person appointed to hold an inquiry under the preceding subsection shall report the results thereof in writing to the Board of Trade, who shall publish the report together with such observations, if any, as they think fit to make thereon.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be taken as authorising a local weights and measures authority in Scotland to institute proceedings for an offence.

27. A local weights and measures authority shall have power to make, or to authorise any of their officers to make on their behalf, such purchases of goods, and to authorise any of their officers to secure the provision of such services, accommodation or facilities, as may appear expedient for the purpose of determining whether or not the provisions of this Act and any order made thereunder are being complied with.

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

673

28.—(1) A duly authorised officer of a local weights and Power to enter measures authority or of a Government department may, at all premises and reasonable hours and on production, & required, of his ""P®* credentials, exercise the following powers, that is to say,— JJJ8 8<>oa*

(a) he may, for the purpose of ascertaining whether any documents.

offence under this Act has been committed, inspect any goods and enter any premises other than premises used only as a dwelling;

(b) if he has reasonable cause to suspect that an offence

under this Act has been committed, he may, for the purpose of ascertaining whether it has been committed, require any person cariying on a trade or business or employed in connection with a trade or business to produce any books or documents relating to the trade or business and may take copies of, or of any entry in, any such book or document;

(c) if he has reasonable cause to believe that an offence

under this Act has been committed, he may seize and detain any goods for the purpose of ascertaining, by testing or otherwise, whether the offence has been committed;

(d) he may seize and detain any goods or documents which he has reason to believe may be required as evidence in proceedings for an offence under this Act;

(e) he may, for the purpose of exercising his powers under this subsection to seize goods, but only if and to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in order to secure that the provisions of this Act and of any order made thereunder are duly observed, require any person having authority to do so to break open any container or open any vending machine and, if that person does not comply with the requirement, he may do so himself.

(2) An officer seizing any goods or documents in the exercise of his powers under this section shall inform the person from whom they are seized and, in the case of goods seized from a vending machine, the person whose name and address are stated on the machine as being the proprietor's or, if no name and address are so stated, the occupier of the premises on which the machine stands or to which it is affixed.

(3) If a justice of the peace, on sworn information in writing—

(a) is satisfied that there is reasonable ground to believe

either—

(i) that any goods, books or documents which a duly authorised officer has power under this section to inspect are on any premises and that their inspection is likely to disclose evidence of the commission of an offence under this Act; or

Y

674

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

(ii) that any offence under this Act has been, is being or is about to be committed on any premises; and

(b) is also satisfied either—

(i) that admission to the premises has been or is likely to be refused and that notice of intention to apply for a warrant under this subsection has been given to the occupier; or

(ii) that an application for admission, or the giving of such a notice, would defeat the object of the entry or that the premises are unoccupied or that the occupier is temporarily absent and it might defeat the object of the entry to await his return,

the justice may by warrant under his hand, which shall continue in force for a period of one month, authorise an officer of a local weights and measures authority or of a Government department to enter the premises; if need be by force.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland, " justice of the peace" shall be construed as including a sheriff and a magistrate.

(4) An officer entering any premises by virtue of this section may take with him such other persons and such equipment as may appear to him necessary; and on leaving any premises which he has entered by virtue of a warrant under the preceding subsection he shall, if the premises are unoccupied or the occupier is temporarily absent, leave them as effectively secured against trespassers as he found them.

(5) If any person discloses to any person—

(a) any information with respect to any manufacturing process or trade secret obtained by him in premises which he has entered by virtue of this section; or

(6) any information obtained by him in pursuance of this Act;

he shall be guilty of an offence unless the disclosure was made in or for the purpose of the performance by him or any other person of functions under this Act.

(6) If any person who is not a duly authorised officer of a local weights and measures authority or of a Government department purports to act as such under this section he shall be guilty of an offence.

(7) Nothing in this section shall be taken to compel the production by a solicitor of a document containing a privileged communication made by or to him in that capacity or to authorise the taking of possession of any such document which is in his possession.

Trade Desorptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

675

29. —(1) Any person who— Obstruction of (a) wilfully obstructs an officer of a local weights and authorised

measures authority or of a Government department ° cers* acting in pursuance of this Act; or (b)wilfully fails to comply with any requirement properly made to him by such an officer under section 28 of this Act; or

(c) without reasonable cause fails to give such an officer so acting any other assistance or information which he may reasonably require of him for the purpose of the performance of his functions under this Act, shall be guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2) If any person, in giving any such information as is mentioned in the preceding subsection, makes any statement which he knows to be false, he shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring a person to answer any question or give any information if to do so might incriminate him.

30. —(1) Where any goods seized or purchased by an officer Notice of test

in pursuance of this Act are submitted to a test, then— and intended

(a) if the goods were seized, the officer shall inform the prosecution*

person mentioned in section 28(2) of this Act of the result of the test;

(b) if the goods were purchased and the test leads to the

institution of proceedings for an offence under this Act the officer shall inform the person from whom the goods were purchased, or, in the case of goods sold through a vending machine, the person mentioned in section 28(2) of this Act, of the result of the test; and shall, where as a result of the test proceedings for an offence under this Act are instituted against any person, allow him to have the goods tested on his behalf if it is reasonably practicable to do so.

(2) No proceedings for an offence under this Act, other than an offence under section 28(5) or 29, shall be instituted by a local weights and measures authority unless they have given to the Board of Trade notice of the intended proceedings and either a period of twenty-eight days has elapsed since the giving of the notice or the Board of Trade have before the end of that period issued a certificate under this section.

(3) A notice under subsection (2) of this section must be accompanied by a summary of the facts on which the charges are to be founded.

(4) A certificate of the Board of Trade that a notice under subsection (2) of this section was given on a date specified in the certificate and was accompanied by the summary required

676

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Evidence by certificate.

Power to exempt goods sold for export, etc. 1963 c. 31.

1967 c. 6 (NX).

1952 c. 44.

1952 c. 67.

1967c. 6 (N.I.).

under subsection (3) of this section shall be conclusive evidence that the notice was given on that date and was accompanied by such a summary; and any document purporting to be such a certificate and to be signed on behalf of the Board shall be deemed such a certificate, unless the contrary is shown.

31. —(1) The Board of Trade may by regulations provide that certificates issued by such persons as may be specified by the regulations in relation to such matters as may be so specified shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be received in evidence of those matters in any proceedings under this Act

(2) Such a certificate shall not be received in evidence—

(a) unless the party against whom it is to be given in

evidence has been served with a copy thereof not less than seven days before the hearing; or (b) if that party has, not less than three days before the hearing, served on the other party a notice requiring the attendance of the person issuing the certificate.

(3) In any proceedings under this Act in Scotland, a certificate received in evidence by virtue of this section or, where the attendance of a person issuing a certificate is required under subsection (2 )(b) of this section, the evidence of that person, shall be sufficient evidence of the matters stated in the certificate.

(4) For the purposes of this section any document purporting to be such a certificate as is mentioned in this section shall be deemed to be such a certificate unless the contrary is shown.

(5) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

Miscellaneous and supplemental

32. In relation to goods which are intended—

(a) for despatch to a destination outside the United

Kingdom and any designated country within the meaning of section 21(5)(h) of the Weights and Measures Act 1963 or section 15(5)(h) of the Weights and Measures Act (Northern Ireland) 1967; or

(b) for use as stores within the meaning of the Customs

and Excise Act 1952 in a ship or aircraft on a voyage or flight to an eventual destination outside the United Kingdom; or

(c) for use by Her Majesty’s forces or by a visiting force

within the meaning of any of the provisions of Part I of the Visiting Forces Act 1952; or id) for industrial or constructional use within the meaning of the Weights and Measures Act 1963 or the Weights and Measures Act (Northern Ireland) 1967;

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

677

lection 1 of this Act shall apply as if there were omitted from the matters included in section 2(1) of this Act those specified in paragraph (a) thereof; and, if the Board of Trade by order specify any other of those matters for the purposes of this section with respect to any description of goods, the said section 1 shall apply, in relation to goods of that description which are intended for despatch to a destination outside the United Kingdom and such country (if any) as may be specified in the order, as if the matters so specified were also omitted from those included in the said section 2(1).

33. —(1) Where, in the exercise of his powers under section 28 Compensation of this Act, an officer of a local weights and measures authority for .etc-of or of a Government department seizes and detains any goods ^28. and their owner suffers loss by reason thereof or by reason that

the goods, during the detention, are lost or damaged or deteriorate, then, unless the owner is convicted of an offence under this Act committed in relation to the goods, the authority or department shall be liable to compensate him for the loss so suffered.

(2) Any disputed question as to the right to or the amount of any compensation payable under this section shall be determined by arbitration and, in Scotland, by a single arbiter appointed, failing agreement between the parties, by the sheriff.

34. The fact that a trade description is a trade mark, or part Trade marks

of a trade mark, within the meaning of the Trade Marks Act containing 1938 does not prevent it from being a false trade description ^ade. when applied to any goods, except where the following conditions °ns* are satisfied, that is to say— 1938 c'22,

(a) that it could have been lawfully applied to the goods if this Act had not been passed; and (b) that on the day this Act is passed the trade mark either is registered under the Trade Marks Act 1938 or is in use to indicate a connection in the course of trade between such goods and the proprietor of the trade mark; and

(c) that the trade mark as applied is used to indicate such

a connection between the goods and the proprietor of the trade mark or a person registered under section 28 of the Trade Marks Act 1938 as a registered user of the trade mark; and

(d) that the person who is the proprietor of the trade mark

is the same person as, or a successor in title of, the proprietor on the day this Act is passed.

35. A contract for the supply of any goods shall not be void Saving for or unenforceable by reason only of a contravention of any civil rights, provision of this Act.

﻿678 Ch. 29 Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Country of origin.

Market

research

experiments.

Orders.

36. —(1) For the purposes of this Act goods shall be deemed to have been manufactured or produced in the country in which they last underwent a treatment or process resulting in a substantial change.

(2) The Board of Trade may by order specify—

(a) in relation to any description of goods, what treatment or process is to be regarded for the purposes of this section as resulting or not resulting in a substantial change;

(b) in relation to any description of goods different parts of which were manufactured or produced in different countries, or of goods assembled in a country different from that in which their parts were manufactured or produced, in which of those countries the goods are to be regarded for the purposes of this Act as having been manufactured or produced.

37. —(1) In this section "market research experiment" means any activities conducted for the purpose of ascertaining the opinion of persons (in this section referred to as " participants ") of—

(a) any goods; or

(b) anything in, on or with which the goods are supplied; or

(c) the appearance or any other characteristic of the goods

or of any such thing; or

(d) the name or description under which the goods are

supplied.

(2) This section applies to any market research experiment with respect to which the following conditions are satisfied, that is to say,—

(a) that any participant to whom any goods are supplied in

the course of the experiment is informed, at or before the time at which they are supplied to him, that they are supplied for such a purpose as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and

(b) that no consideration in money or money's worth is

given by a participant for the goods or any goods supplied to him for comparison.

(3) Neither section 1 nor section 8 of this Act shall apply in relation to goods supplied or offered to be supplied, whether to a participant or any other person, in the course of a market research experiment to which this section applies.

38. —(1) Any power to make an order under the preceding provisions of this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

679

resolution of either House of Parliament, and includes power to vary or revoke such an order by a subsequent order.

e

(2) Any order under the preceding provisions of this Act which relates to any agricultural, horticultural or fishery produce, whether processed or not, food, feeding stuffs or ingredients of food or feeding stuffs, fertilisers or any goods used as pesticides or for similar purposes shall be made by the Board of Trade acting jointly with the following Ministers, that is to say, if the order extends to England and Wales, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, and if it extends to Scotland or Northern Ireland, the Secretary of State concerned.

(3) The following provisions shall apply to the making of an order under section 7, 8, 9, 15 or 36 of this Act, except in the case mentioned in section 10(2) thereof, that is to say—

(a) before making the order the Board of Trade shall

consult with such organisations as appear to them to be representative of interests substantially affected by it and shall publish, in such manner as the Board think appropriate, notice of their intention to make the order and of the place where copies of the proposed order may be obtained; and

(b) the order shall not be made until the expiration of a

period of twenty-eight days from the publication of the notice and may then be made with such modifications (if any) as the Board of Trade think appropriate having regard to any representations received by them.

39.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect, in addition Interpretation, to sections 2 to 6 of this Act, for the interpretation in this Act of expressions used therein, that is to say,—

"advertisement" includes a catalogue, a circular and a price list;

Mgoods" includes ships and aircraft, things attached to land and growing crops;

" premises " includes any place and any stall, vehicle, ship or aircraft; and

"ship" includes any boat and any other description of vessel used in navigation.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a trade description or statement published in any newspaper, book or periodical or in any film or sound or television broadcast shall not be deemed to be a trade description applied or statement made in the course of a trade or business unless it is or forms part of an advertisement.

680

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Provisions as to Northern Ireland.

1952 c. 55.

1964 c. 21 (N.I.).

1920 c. 67.

40.—(1) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) section 19(2) shall apply as if for the references to

section 104 of the Magistrates’ Courts Act 1952 and the trial and laying of an information there were substituted respectively references to section 34 of the Magistrates* Courts Act (Northern Ireland) 1964 and the hearing and determination and making of a complaint;

(b) section 26 and subsections (2) to (4) of section 30

shall not apply but it shall be the duty of the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland to enforce the provisions of this Act and of any order made under it (other than the provisions of section 42 of this Act);

(c) sections 27 to 29 and 33 shall apply as if for references

to a local weights and measures authority and any officer of such an authority there were substituted respectively references to the said Ministry and any of its officers.

(2) In paragraph (13) of section 4(1) of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 (which excludes, among other things, merchandise marks from the matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws) the words "merchandise marks*’ shall be omitted and shall be deemed never to have been included; but the following provisions of this section shall (in addition to any other limitation) apply with respect to the powers of that Parliament to make laws for purposes similar to those of this Act.

(3) The Parliament of Northern Ireland shall not have power to make provision requiring any information as to the country of manufacture or production of any goods to be marked on or to accompany the goods or to be included in advertisements except—

(a) in the case of any agricultural, horticultural or fishery produce, whether processed or not, which for the purposes of this Act is deemed to have been produced or manufactured in Northern Ireland; or

(b) if the provision is made for the purpose of preventing

or controlling the introduction into Northern Ireland, or the spreading within Northern Ireland, of diseases or pests affecting animals or plants.

(4) If the Parliament of Northern Ireland enacts any law for purposes similar to those of section 7 or section 15 of this Act, any provision of or made in pursuance of that law which would

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

681

be inconsistent with any provision made (whether before or after the first-mentioned provision) under either of those sections shall be void so far as it would be so inconsistent

(5) The Board of Trade shall for each financial year pay into the Exchequer of Northern Ireland such sum as the Board and the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland may agree to be appropriate as representing the expenses incurred by that Ministry in enforcing so much of this Act as relates to matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland does not have power to make laws.

(6) Nothing in this Act shall authorise any department of the Government of Northern Ireland to incur any expenses attributable to the provisions of this Act until provision has been made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland for those expenses to be defrayed out of moneys provided by that Parliament

(7) This Act so far as it relates to matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws, shall be deemed for the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 to have been passed before the day appointed for the purposes of that section.

41. —(1) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that Schedule.

(2) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 2 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

42. —(1) Until the end of the period of three years beginning with the commencement of this Act the repeals made by this Act shall not affect—

(a) any Order in Council made under section 2 of the

Merchandise Marks Act 1926, or the prohibition on the importation of any goods required by such an Order to bear an indication of origin at the time of importation, or

(b) the powers conferred by section 9 of that Act on local

authorities and their officers with respect to goods to which such an Order applies;

and a person who contravenes the provisions of such an Order shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall be taken to affect the meaning of the expression " indication of origin " in any such Ordfr in Council.

Y*

1920 c. 67.

Consequential amendments and repeals.

Continuation, for three years, of Orders in Council requiring indication of origin.

1926 c. 53.

682

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Short title and

commence

ment.

(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council vary or revoke any Order in Council made under the said section 2.

(4) Where any requirements with respect to any goods are for the time being imposed by an Order in Council made under the said section 2 and the Board of Trade are satisfied, on the representation of persons appearing to the Board to have a substantial interest in the matter, that the continued application of any of those requirements has caused or is likely to cause injury or hardship to such persons, or any of them, the Board may by statutory instrument direct that the Order, or any particular provisions of the Order, shall cease to apply to those goods or shall apply to such goods subject only to such modifications and conditions as the Board think fit; and where such a direction is in force the Order shall have effect subject to the direction.

(5) Any direction under this section which relates to goods of any description mentioned in subsection (2) of section 38 of this Act shall be given by the Board of Trade acting jointly as mentioned in that subsection.

(6) A direction under this section, if not given for a shorter period or withdrawn earlier, shall cease to be in force at whichever of the following dates is the earlier, that is to say, twelve months after the date on which it was given or the date on which an Order in Council under this section varying the Order with respect to which the direction was given comes into force.

(7) The Board of Trade shall publish any direction given under this section in such manner as they think appropriate.

(8) A draft of any Order in Council to be made under this section shall be laid before Parliament.

(9) The duty of local weights and measures authorities under section 26 of this Act to enforce the provisions of this Act shall not extend to the provisions of this section.

43.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Trade Descriptions Act 1968.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the expiration of the period of six months beginning with the day on which it is passed.

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Ch. 29

683

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Section 41(1).

Consequential Amendments

1. In section 1 of the Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty Act 1914 c. l (5 & 6 1914 for the words " the Merchandise Marks Act 1887 " there shall Geo. 5).

be substituted the words " the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 1887 c. 28.

2. In section 1(1) of the Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty Act 1916 c. 39.

1916 for the words " the Merchandise Marks Act 1887 " there shall

be substituted the words 44 the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 ".

3. In section 4(2) of the Agricultural Produce (Grading and 1928 c. 19. Marking) Act 1928, after the words "indication of origin’* there

shall be inserted the words "or an order under section 8 of the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 is in force imposing requirements for securing that such eggs are marked with or accompanied by such an indication

4. —(1) In section 47(1) of the Road Traffic Act 1962 for the words 1962 c. 59. from "and the use" to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words "and any markings so designated shall be deemed for the purposes of the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 to be

a trade description, whether or not the markings fall within the definition of that expression in section 2 of that Act".

(2) In subsection (2) of that section for the words from 44 offence " to 44 1887 " there shall be substituted the words 44 offence under the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 ".

SCHEDULE 2 Repeals

Section 41(2).

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

50 & 51 Vict. The Merchandise Marks The whole Act

c. 28. Act 1887.

54 Vict. c. 15. The Merchandise Marks Act 1891. The whole Act

57 & 58 Vict The Merchandise Marks The whole Act

c. 19. (Prosecutions) Act 1894.

3 Edw. 7. c. 31. The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries Act 1903. Section 1(8).

9Edw. 7.C.21. The Irish Handloom Weavers Act 1909. The whole Act.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. The Merchandise Marks The whole Act.

c. 31. Act 1911.

10 All Geo. 5. The Government of Ireland In section 4, in paragraph

c. 67. Act 1920. (13), the words44 merchandise marks ".

16 A17 Geo. 5. The Merchandise Marks The whole Act

c. 53. Act 1926. Y* 2

684

Ch. 29

Trade Descriptions Act 1968

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Patents Ac. (Inter- Section 10, and in section 12,

c. 29. national Conventions) Act 1938. subsection (6).

1 & 2 Elk. 2. The Merchandise Marks The whole Act

c. 48. Act 1953.

10 & 11 Eliz.2. c. 59. The Road Traffic Act 1962. Section 47(3).

1964 c. 14. The Plant Varieties and Seeds Act 1964. Section 31(2).

1964 c. 28. The Agriculture and Horticulture Act 1964. Section 22(2).

1965 c. 22 (NT.). The Seeds Act (Northern Ireland) 1965. Section 15(2).

I

Ch. 30 685

Air Corporations Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 30

An Act to raise the limits imposed by section 22 of the Air Corporations Act 1967 on the amounts which the British European Airways Corporation may borrow; to authorise the Corporation to borrow from the Board of Trade for the purpose of financing deficits on revenue account and in order to repay sums borrowed for that purpose; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[30th May 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In section 22(1) of the Air Corporations Act 1967 Borrowing (which, subject to certain exceptions, limits the aggregate amount powers of which may be outstanding in respect of the principal of any Corporation' moneys borrowed by the Corporation to £110 million or such 1967 c* 33* greater sum, not exceeding £125 million, as the Board of Trade may by order specify), for the words "£110 million or such greater sum, not exceeding £125 million" there shall be substituted the words "£210 million or such greater sum, not exceeding £240 million

(2) Subject to the limits imposed by the foregoing subsection, the Corporation may borrow from the Board of Trade sums required for financing any accumulated deficit of the Corporation on revenue account which has accrued at any time before the end of March 1970 (but only to the extent to which the deficit does not exceed £10 million) and sums required for repaying any money borrowed by the Corporation under the foregoing provisions of this subsection; and the reference to the Corporation’s borrowing powers in section 8(1) of the said Act of 1967

Y* 3

686

Ch. 30

Air Corporations Act 1968

Citation.

(which authorises Government loans) shall include a reference to the Corporation’s powers under this subsection.

(3) In this section " the Corporation " means the British European Airways Corporation.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Air Corporations Act 1968.

(2) This Act and the Air Corporations Act 1967 may be dted together as the Air Corporations Acts 1967 and 1968.

Ch. 31

687

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 31

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to the giving of financial assistance towards the provision or improvement of housing accommodation in Scotland, and to other financial matters connected therewith.

[30th May 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Financial Assistance in respect of Housing Accommodation

PROVIDED OR IMPROVED BY LOCAL AUTHORITIES AND OTHER BODIES

Exchequer contributions for new houses

1.—(1) The provisions of sections 1 to 12 of this Act shall Exchequer have effect with respect to assistance to local authorities and Awardstl0DS other bodies mentioned in subsection (2) of this section (here- provision inafter referred to as " recipient authorities ") towards the of new expenditure incurred by them in the provision of new houses houses, approved for the purposes of this section by the Secretary of State (hereinafter referred to as " approved houses ").

(2) The houses that may be approved for the purposes of this section are new houses which are—

(i a)provided by a local authority in the exercise of their powers to provide housing accommodation, or

(b) provided by a development corporation otherwise than in pursuance of authorised arrangements made with a local authority, or

y* 4

688

Part I

1962 c. 28. 1967 c. 20.

1957 c. 38.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

(c) provided by a development corporation in pursuance of authorised arrangements made with a local authority, or

(d) provided by a housing association in pursuance of authorised arrangements made with a local authority or special arrangements made with the Secretary of State, or

(e) provided by the Scottish Special Housing Association in any of the circumstances specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of this section;

and in respect of which proposals for their provision were or are submitted to the Secretary of State for his approval—

(i) in the case of proposals submitted by a local authority in respect of houses which would have been eligible for Exchequer contributions calculated in accordance with section 2, or paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of section 3(4), of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1962 had the Housing (Financial Provisions, &c.) (Scotland) Act 1967 (other than section 16(1) thereof and Part I of Schedule 5 thereto) and this Act not been passed, on or after 1st January 1965; and

<ii) in any other case, on or after 25th November 1965.

(3) The circumstances referred to in subsection (2)(e) of this section are that the houses are provided—

(a) in the district of any local authority as respects which

the Secretary of State is satisfied—

(i) that there is an urgent need for more housing accommodation which will be met only if such accommodation is provided by the local authority or the Scottish Special Housing Association, and

(ii) that all accommodation so required cannot be provided by the local authority without imposing an unreasonably heavy rate burden or necessitating the charging of unreasonably high rents for that accommodation and other accommodation provided by the authority; or

(b) in pursuance of arrangements such as are mentioned in

section 8(1) of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957 (provision of housing accommodation in relief of over-populated districts); or

(c) in the district of any local authority in accordance with

arrangements made with the approval of the Secretary of State as being desirable by reason of special circumstances for the provision of housing accommodation

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31 689

Act 1968

in any area for persons coming to that area in order Put i to meet the urgent needs of industry, and so coming wholly, or, in the case of the council of a county (other than a county of a city), wholly or partly, from outside the district of the authority.

(4) Any Exchequer contribution under this Part of this Act payable in respect of any approved house or in respect of the cost of any approved house or in respect of the cost of the site of any approved house shall be paid to the recipient authority by whom the house was provided, except that where it was provided by a development corporation or a housing association in pursuance of authorised arrangements made with a local authority the Exchequer contribution shall be paid to the local authority, who shall pay to the development corporation or housing association, as the case may be, by way of annual grant an amount not less than the said Exchequer contribution.

Exchequer contributions for aggregate cost of approved houses

2.—(1) In respect of the aggregate cost, ascertained in accord- Aggregate cost ance with the provisions of this Act, of the approved houses contributions, provided by each recipient authority and completed in any financial year, so far as that cost is approved by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section, the Secretary of State shall pay for each of the sixty years beginning with that financial year an Exchequer contribution of an amount calculated in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) An amount equal to the aggregate cost so far as approved as aforesaid shall be assumed to have been raised by a loan repayable over a period of sixty years in equal half-yearly instalments of principal and interest combined, the first instalment falling due six months after the loan was raised, and there shall be calculated the amount of such an instalment at a rate of interest specified in an order made by the Secretary of State in respect of the financial year in which die houses were completed; and the amount of the Exchequer contribution shall be twice the amount by which the amount of such an instalment calculated at that rate would exceed the amount of such an instalment calculated at the rate of four per cent, per annum.

(3) The rate so specified in respect of any financial year shall be such as appears to the Secretary of State, after consultation with recipient authorities or such associations thereof as appear to him to be concerned, to be representative of the rates of interest paid on loans raised by recipient authorities in the preceding financial year; and different rates may be so specified in relation to the different kinds of recipient authority mentioned in section 1(2) of this Act and also in relation to different classes of local authority.

690

Part I

Ascertainment of aggregate cost.

Exchequer contributions for flats in blocks of six or more storeys.

Ch. 31 Housing {Financial Provisions) (.

Act 1968

(4) Where the approved houses provided by a recipient authority (other than a local authority) and completed in a financial year include both—

(a) houses provided in pursuance of authorised arrange-

ments made with a local authority; and either

(b) houses provided in pursuance of authorised arrange-

ments made with another local authority, or

(c) houses provided otherwise than in pursuance of such

arrangements;

a separate Exchequer contribution shall be paid in respect of the aggregate cost of the houses provided as mentioned in each of the paragraphs of this subsection.

(5) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and such an order shall not be made unless a draft thereof has been laid before the Commons House of Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of that House.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the aggregate cost of any houses shall be taken for the purposes of this Act to be the cost incurred by the recipient authority in providing the houses.

(2) So much of that cost as is attributable to the acquisition of any site shall be ascertained in accordance with Schedule 1 to this Act.

(3) The remainder of the said cost, so far as it was not known at the time the proposals referred to in section 1(2) of this Act were approved, shall be taken to be what it was then estimated to be.

(4) Any apportionment necessary to arrive at the said aggregate cost shall be made in such manner as the Secretary of State may determine.

Additional Exchequer contributions for individual houses

4. In respect of each approved house provided in a block of flats the major part of which, as determined by the Secretary of State, is of six or more storeys (inclusive of any storey constructed for use for purposes other than those of a dwelling), the Secretary of State shall pay for each of the sixty years beginning with the financial year in which the house was completed an Exchequer contribution of thirty pounds.

691

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

5. In respect of each approved house provided by a local authority (being an authority with special financial difficulties), the Secretary of State shall pay for each of the sixty years beginning with the financial year in which the house was completed any Exchequer contribution which may be determined in accordance with Schedule 2 to this Act to be payable to that authority.

Part I

Exchequer contributions for houses provided by local

authorities with special financial difficulties.

6. Where the Secretary of State is satisfied, on an application Exchequer made to him by a recipient authority with respect to any house contribution* which the authority have provided or intend to provide, that ^Shere rights the cost of providing the house has been or will be substantially of support, enhanced by expenses attributable to the acquisition of rights etc., enhance of support, or otherwise attributable to measures taken by them cost-for securing protection against the consequences of a subsidence of the site, then, if the house is or becomes an approved house, the Secretary of State may pay in respect thereof for each of the sixty years beginning with the financial year in which it was completed an Exchequer contribution of such amount not exceeding two pounds as the Secretary of State may determine.

7. Where the Secretary of State is satisfied, on an application Exchequer made to him by a recipient authority with respect to any house contributions which the authority have provided or intend to provide, that the |°^°uses cost of providing the house has been or will be substantially measures to enhanced by expenses attributable to measures taken by them preserve with his consent in the erection of the house (whether by the character of use of stone or other special material or in any other way) in enhMce^lt order to preserve the character of the surroundings, then, if

the house is or becomes an approved house, the Secretary of State may pay in respect thereof for each of the sixty years beginning with the financial year in which it was completed an Exchequer contribution of such amount not exceeding ten pounds as the Secretary of State may determine.

8. —(1) Where an approved house is provided— Exchequer

(a) by a local authority in pursuance of any overspill agree- fo°housw°M

ment within the meaning of Part II of the Housing and provided Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957, or by local

(b) by a local authority, being an exporting authority within special^68 for

die meaning of the said Part II, in the district of another purposes, local authority, or 1957 c. 38.

(c) by a local authority, in circumstances other than those

mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of this subsection, as part of a scheme amounting to a substantial transfer of industry or of persons engaged in an industry and the Secretary of State is of opinion

692

Part I

Remote area contributions.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

that, unless he exercises his powers under this section, the house could not be provided without unreasonably increasing the rate burden or the rents for other houses provided by the authority,

the Secretary of State may, in respect of the house, pay for each year of such a period not exceeding ten years as he may determine, beginning with the financial year in which the house was completed, an Exchequer contribution of such amount not exceeding fourteen pounds as he may determine.

(2) Without prejudice to section 57(1) of this Act, the payment of Exchequer contributions under this section in respect of any house shall be subject to such conditions as may be specified by the Secretary of State when undertaking to pay the said Exchequer contributions.

Additional Exchequer contributions for houses in remote areas

9.—(1) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the total expenditure likely to be incurred in any year by a local authority, not being the town council of a large burgh, in providing housing accommodation by way of approved houses could not, in consequence of the remoteness of the sites of any of the houses from centres of supply of building labour and material, be met without charging unreasonably high rents for that accommodation and other accommodation provided by the authority or imposing an unreasonably heavy rate burden, the Secretary of State may, with the sanction of the Treasury, undertake to pay, and pay. for each year of a period of sixty years (in addition to any other Exchequer contribution) an Exchequer contribution of such amount, and in respect of such of the houses so provided, as he considers just and reasonable.

(2) Where housing accommodation is provided by a development corporation or a housing association, and is so provided by way of approved houses in pursuance of authorised arrangements made with a local authority to which Exchequer contributions under subsection (1) of this section are payable, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit having regard to the remoteness of the sites of any of the houses from centres of supply of building labour and material, pay in respect of any of the houses in any year (in addition to any other Exchequer contribution) an Exchequer contribution not exceeding the Exchequer contribution which would have been payable under this section in that year if the house had been provided by the local authority.

(3) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (1) and (2) of section 1 of this Act, and of section 12(1) thereof, references

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31 693

Act 1968

in this section to approved houses shall include (in addition to part I

references to approved houses within the meaning of section 1

of this Act) references to approved houses within the meaning

of Part I of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957 c. 38.

1957 and references to approved houses within the meaning

of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1962. 1962 c. 28.

Additional Exchequer contributions for expensive sites

10.—(1) If any building consisting of or including an approved Expensive site house is provided on a site which is approved for the purposes contributions, of this section by the Secretary of State and the net cost of which exceeds four thousand pounds per acre, then in respect of that site or the part of it on which die building is erected the Secretary of State shall pay for each of the sixty years beginning with the financial year in which the building was completed an Exchequer contribution at the rate of thirty-four pounds per acre for every one thousand pounds or part of a thousand pounds by which the net cost exceeds four thousand pounds per acre.

(2) For the purposes of this section—

(a) any amount by which the net cost of a site exceeds

ten thousand pounds per acre shall be disregarded unless the building or one of the buildings provided or to be provided on the site is a block of flats of four or more storeys;

(b) if any building or part of a building erected or to be

erected on a site is designed for use otherwise than as housing accommodation, the net cost of the site shall be deemed to be reduced by so much thereof as, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, may fairly be apportioned to that building or part of a building.

(3) For the purposes of this section the net cost of a site shall be taken to be-—

(a) where subsection (4) of this section does not apply, the cost of the site as ascertained in accordance with Schedule 1 to this Act; and

(b) where that subsection applies, the cost of the site as reduced under that subsection.

(4) Where any works of construction or any works carried out for the purpose of making a site suitable for the provision of houses would fall to be taken into account in ascertaining its cost in accordance with Schedule 1 to this Act, the Secretary of State may determine that that cost shall be taken to be reduced by such amount as is in his opinion fairly attributable to those works.

694

Part I

Expenses of acquisition of land deemed to include sue in respect of feuduty or not in certain cases.

Interpretation.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (

Act 1968

Provisions supplemental to sections 1 to 10

11. Where any house or other land has been acquired by way of feu or by way of lease or the assignation of a lease, the expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition shall be taken for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act to include such sum as the Secretary of State may determine to be the capital equivalent of the feuduty or, as the case may be, of any rent or other prestations due under the lease.

12.—(1) In the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

"approved house" has the meaning assigned to it by section 1 of this Act;

" recipient authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section 1 of this Act.

(2) Any reference in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act or in the following provisions of this section to a house shall be construed as including a reference to any residential accommodation provided for occupation by not more than two persons and equipped with cooking facilities for the exclusive use of those persons, notwithstanding that it is not equipped with facilities of other kinds for such exclusive use.

In this subsection the expression "cooking facilities" in relation to any residential accommodation means facilities suitable for the preparation of food for the number of persons for which the accommodation is provided, and if any question arises whether any particular facilities fall within that description it shall be decided by the Secretary of State.

(3) In relation to a house which is acquired by a recipient authority after its completion references in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act or in the following provisions of this section to the provision or the completion of any house shall be construed as referring to its acquisition by the recipient authority.

(4) References in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act to—

(a) authorised arrangements made with a local authority, in relation to a development corporation or a housing association, are references to arrangements made between the development corporation or housing association and a local authority, with the approval of the Secretary of State, under section 153 of the principal Act;

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31 695

Act 1968

(b) special arrangements made by a housing association Part I with the Secretary of State are references to arrangements which the Secretary of State may have made with a housing association for the provision of houses with a view to their approval under this Act.

Exchequer contributions towards improvement of housing accommodation

13.—(1) The Secretary of State may approve proposals (here- Exchequer after in this Part of this Act referred to as " improvement contributions proposals ") submitted to him by a local authority or a develop- p%^Led by* ment corporation for— conversion;

(a) the provision of dwellings by the local authority or ?r improved,

development corporation by means of the conversion authorities or of houses or other buildings; development

(b) the improvement of dwellings by the local authority or corporations.

development corporation;

and may. subject to and in accordance with the following provisions of this Part of this Act, make to the local authority or development corporation Exchequer contributions towards—

(i) the cost of the works of conversion or improvement required for carrying out the improvement proposals, and

(ii) any expense incurred by the local authority or development corporation in acquiring interests in land for the purpose of giving effect to the improvement proposals.

(2) Before approving any improvement proposals the Secretary of State shall satisfy himself, as respects dwellings to be provided in accordance with the improvement proposals, that the dwellings will provide satisfactory housing accommodation for a period of not less than thirty years from the completion of the works necessary for the conversion of the buildings in question, and, as respects dwellings to be improved in accordance with the improvement proposals, that the dwellings as so improved will provide such accommodation for a period of not less than thirty years from the completion of the improvements:

Provided that if in relation to all or any of the said dwellings the Secretary of State is of opinion that the said period is likely to be less than thirty years, he may, notwithstanding that fact, approve the improvement proposals if he considers it expedient in all the circumstances to do so and if he is satisfied that the said period is likely to be more than ten years.

(3) The Secretary of State shall also satisfy himself that all dwellings to be provided or improved in accordance with any improvement proposals will conform with such requirements

m

Part I

1950 c. 34.

Amount of Exchequer contributions under s. 13.

Ch. 31 Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

with respect to their construction and physical condition, and the provision of services and amenities, as may be specified for the purposes of this section by the Secretary of State:

Provided that if in relation to all or any of the said dwellings the Secretary of State is not satisfied that the dwellings or dwelling will conform with a particular requirement so specified, he may. notwithstanding that fact, approve the improvement proposals if he is satisfied that, in all the circumstances of the case, conformity with that requirement would not be practicable at a reasonable expense.

(4) No improvement proposals shall be approved by the Secretary of State under section 105 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 after the commencement of this Act. and any improvement proposals approved by. or submitted to. the Secretary of State under that section on or after 16th August 1964 shall be deemed to have been approved or submitted under this section.

(5) A dwelling which has been provided or improved in giving effect to approved improvement proposals shall not, by reason only of such provision or improvement, be deemed to be a new house within the meaning of any local Act notwithstanding anything contained in such Act

14.—(1) An Exchequer contribution under section 13 of this Act shall be a sum equal to three-eighths of the annual loan charges referable to an amount determined in accordance with subsections (2) and (3) of this section, payable for each year of a period of twenty financial years beginning with the year in which the carrying out of the improvement proposals was completed or for each year of such period, not exceeding sixty financial years beginning as aforesaid, as may be determined by the Secretary of State.

(2) The said amount shall be determined by the Secretary of State when approving the improvement proposals and shall, subject to subsection (3) of this section, be the amount appearing to him to be the aggregate of—

(a) the cost likely to be incurred by the local authority or

development corporation in carrying out the works, and

(b) any expense likely to be incurred by the local authority

or development corporation in acquiring interests in land for the purpose of giving effect to the improvement proposals.

(3) The amount so determined shall not exceed fourteen hundred pounds, or such other amount as may be specified by order of the Secretary of State, for each dwelling provided or improved by the works, unless the Secretary of State is satisfied

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31 697

Act 1968

in any particular case that in all the circumstances of the case Part I there is good reason for determining a higher amount

(4) The Secretary of State may by order reduce, as respects improvement proposals approved after such date as may be specified in the order, the proportion of the said annual loan charges, but not below one-third.

(5) For the purposes of this section the annual loan charges referable to any amount shall be the annual sum which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, would fall to be provided by a local authority or, as die case may be, a development corporation for the payment of interest on, and the repayment of, a loan of that amount repayable over the period of twenty years or, in a case where the Secretary of State has determined a longer period under subsection (1) of this section, that longer period.

(6) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and—

(a) a statutory instrument containing an order under sub- '

section (3) of this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parlia-* ment; and

(b) an order under subsection (4) of this section—

(i) shall not be made unless a draft thereof has been approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament;

(ii) shall not specify a date earlier than the date of the laying of the draft;

and before laying such a draft the Secretary of State shall consult with such associations of local authorities as appear to him to be concerned.

15.—(1) It shall be the duty of every local authority, within Local three months or such other period as the Secretary of State may authority may specify after receipt by them of a notice by the Secretary of be required to State requiring them so to do, to prepare and submit to him such ^rSiiars of particulars as may be specified in the notice of houses and other properties to buildings to be included in improvement proposals. be included in

(2) A notice given under subsection (1) of this section may relate to the whole or to one or more parts of the local to submit

authority’s district.

or to one or more parts

improvement proposals

(3) It Shall be the duty of a local authority by whom parti- relating to culars have been submitted in pursuance of a notice given under those subsection (1) of this section to prepare and submit to the proper*8 Secretary of State, within three months after being required by him so to do, improvement proposals relating to any or all erf the houses or other buildings specified in the said notice.

698

Part I

Exchequer contributions for dwellings provided by conversion, or improved, by housing associations under

arrangements with Secretary of State.

1962 c. 28.

Exchequer contributions for dwellings provided by conversion, or improved, by development corporations or housing associations under

arrangements with local authorities.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

16.—(1) Where arrangements are made under section 154 of the principal Act by the Secretary of State with a housing association, the Secretary of State shall make to the housing association Exchequer contributions towards—

(a) the cost of the works of conversion or improvement required for carrying out the arrangements, and

(b) any expense incurred by the housing association in acquiring interests in land for the purpose of giving effect to the arrangements;

and the provisions of section 14 of this Act shall apply in relation to such Exchequer contributions as they apply in relation to Exchequer contributions under section 13 of this Act; and for the purposes of such application the said section 14 shall have effect—

(i) as if for the reference to an Exchequer contribution

under section 13 of this Act there were substituted a reference to an Exchequer contribution under this section;

(ii) as if for the references to the approval of improvement proposals by the Secretary of State there were substituted references to the making of arrangements by the Secretary of State with a housing association;

(iii) as if for the references to a local authority or a development corporation there were substituted references to a housing association;

(iv) subject to any other necessary modifications.

(2) This section shall have effect in relation to arrangements made by the Secretary of State with a housing association on or after 16th August 1964, and subsections (2) to (5) of section 14 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1962 shall continue to have effect only in relation to arrangements so made before that date.

17.—(1) Where arrangements are made under section 155 of the principal Act (including that section as extended by section 159 of the principal Act) by a local authority with a development corporation or a housing association, the Secretary of State shall make to the authority Exchequer contributions towards—

(a) the cost of the works of conversion or improvement

required for carrying out the arrangements, and

(b) any expense incurred by the development corporation

or housing association in acquiring interests in land for the purpose of giving effect to the arrangements;

and the provisions of section 14 of this Act shall apply in relation to such Exchequer contributions as they apply in relation to

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31 699

Act 1968

Exchequer contributions under section 13 of this Act; and for Part I the purposes of such application the said section 14 shall have effect—

(i) as if for the reference to an Exchequer contribution under section 13 of this Act there were substituted a reference to an Exchequer contribution under this section;

<ii) as if for the references to the approval of improvement proposals by the Secretary of State there were substituted references to the approval by the Secretary of State of arrangements made by a local authority with a development corporation or a housing association;

(iii) as if for the references to cost or expense likely to be incurred by a local authority or a development corporation there were substituted references to cost or expense likely to be incurred by a development corporation or a housing association;

(iv) subject to any other necessary modifications.

(2) Where in connection with arrangements made by a local authority with a development corporation or a housing association any sum is payable to the authority by the Secretary of State annually for any period by way of an Exchequer contribution under this section, the authority shall pay to the development corporation or housing association, as the case may be, for that period annual grants each of an amount not less than the said sum.

(3) This section shall have effect in relation to arrangements approved by the Secretary of State on or after 16th Augwt

1964, and subsections (3) to (5) of section 121 of the Housing 1950 c. 34. (Scotland) Act 1950 shall continue to have effect only in relation to arrangements so approved before that date.

18.—(1) A local authority submitting to the Secretary of Provisions State for approval any improvement proposals or any such supplementary arrangements as are mentioned in section 17 of this Act, andt0 13 to 17* a housing association wishing to make with the Secretary of State any such arrangements as are mentioned in section 16 of this Act. shall furnish to the Secretary of State such estimates and such particulars as he may require for the purpose of determining the amount of any Exchequer contributions which fall to be made under this Part of this Act in connection with such proposals or arrangements.

(2) References in sections 13 to 17 of this Act to the improvement of dwellings shall be construed as including references to the alteration or enlargement thereof and to the execution of works of repair thereto, not being works of ordinary repair, and

700 Ch. 31 Housing ( ) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Part I as including also references to the execution of works of ordinary repair thereto so far, but so far only, as the execution thereof is incidental to or connected with the execution of works of improvement, alteration or enlargement or of works of repair not being works of ordinary repair, and in the said sections the expression " improved " shall be construed accordingly.

Exchequer contributions for special purposes

Exchequer 19.—(1) The Secretary of State may make such Exchequer

contributions contributions as are authorised by this section towards expendi-exoSaditure ture ^ncurre^ by a local authority in respect of houses approved

of local by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section,

authorities in being—

(a) houses purchased by the local authority under section 14(1) of the principal Act; or

(b) houses purchased by them under section 20 of the principal Act; or

(c) houses of which the demolition is postponed under section 40 of the principal Act.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Exchequer contributions under this section in respect of any house shall be as follows, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a house purchased by the local authority, an Exchequer contribution equal to one-half of the annual loan charges referable to the oost of the purchase, payable for each financial year during the whole or part of which the house or any part of the house is used for housing purposes with the approval of the Secretary of State; and

(b) in any case, an Exchequer contribution—

(i) if the house was approved for the purposes of this section on or before 13th November 1963, of seven pounds five shillings,

(ii) if the house was so approved after that date, of twelve pounds five shillings,

payable for each year of a period of fifteen years from the date on which the house was approved for the purposes of this section:

Provided that the Secretary of State may from time to time by order direct that paragraph of this subsection shall have effect, in relation to houses approved after the date on which the order comes into force, as if for the sum specified in head (ii) thereof there were substituted such higher or lower sum as may be specified in the order.

(3) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the expenditure incurred as a whole by a local authority in carrying out works

respect of unfit houses purchased or held by them.

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31 701

Act 1968

on houses approved by the Secretary of State for the purposes part I of this section is unduly low having regard to the amount of the Exchequer contributions for the time being payable in respect of those houses under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section, he may withhold the whole or any part of the Exchequer contributions payable under that paragraph to the authority.

(4) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and an order so made shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(5) For the purposes of this section the annual loan charges referable to the cost of a purchase shall (whatever may be the manner in which the local authority have provided or intend to provide the money required for the purchase) be the annual sum which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, would fall to be provided by the authority for the payment of interest on, and the repayment of, an amount of borrowed money equal to the said cost, being money the period for the repayment of which is sixty years.

20. Where Exchequer

(a) the Secretary of State is satisfied on an application made contributions

to him by a local authority or a development c°r- ex^dments poration or a housing association with respect to a house which they have provided that the cost of providing the house has been substantially enhanced by reason of either or both of the following matters, namely—

(i) that, with his consent, the house has been constructed in whole or in part by an experimental method;

(ii) that, with his consent, materials have, for the purposes of experiment, been used in the construction of the house or equipment or fittings have, for those purposes, been installed in the house in the course of the construction thereof; or

(b) with the consent of the Secretary of State, expense is

incurred by a local authority or a development corporation or a housing association in incorporating or installing in a house, otherwise than in the course of the construction thereof, materials, equipment or fittings for the purposes of experiment;

then, subject to such conditions (if any) as the Treasury may determine, the Secretary of State may make to the local authority or development corporation or housing association, as the case may be, an Exchequer contribution or Exchequer con-

702

Part I

Exchequer contributions for hostels.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) ( )

Act 1968

tributions of such amount and payable in such manner as he may determine.

21.—(1) In respect of a new building provided, or a building converted, by a local authority or a development corporation or a housing association for use as a hostel or (in the case of a building so provided or converted on or after 3rd July 1962) as part of a hostel, being a building which—

(a) if provided or converted by a housing association, is so

provided or converted under arrangements made with the housing association by the Secretary of State after consultation with the local authority of the district in which the building is, or will be, situated, and

(b) in any case, is approved for the purposes of this sub-

section by the Secretary of State,

the Secretary of State shall make to the local authority or development corporation or housing association an Exchequer contribution—

(i) payable for each year of such number of financial years, not exceeding sixty, as he may determine, being years beginning with the year in which the building was, or as the case may be, the works of conversion were, completed;

(ii) of such amount, not exceeding the sum produced by multiplying seven pounds (in the case of a building so provided or converted before 10th May 1967) or fifteen pounds (in the case of a building so provided or converted on or after 10th May 1967) by the number of bedrooms contained in the building, as he may determine having regard to the standard of construction and amenity of the building.

(2) The like Exchequer contributions, if any, shall be payable in respect of a building which under arrangements made under section 153 of the principal Act (including that section as extended by section 159 of the principal Act) by a local authority with a development corporation or a housing association has been provided or converted by the development corporation or housing association for use as a hostel or (in the case of a building so provided or converted on or after 3rd July 1962) as part of a hostel as would have fallen to be made if the building had been provided or converted by the authority for such use, and any such Exchequer contribution shall be paid to the authority, who shall pay to the development corporation or housing association, as the case may be, by way of annual grant an amount not less than the said Exchequer contribution.

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Ch. 31

703

(3) This section shall not apply to a new building completed or a building converted before 30th July 1949 or to any premises provided for the purposes of Part III of the National Assistance Act 1948 by a local authority or to any housing accommodation for single persons in a hostel to which section 84(7) of the Housing (Scodand) Act 1950 applies.

(4) In this section the expression " hostel " means—

(a) in relation to a building provided or converted before

3rd July 1962, a building in which is provided, for persons generally or for any class or classes of persons, residential accommodation (otherwise than in separate and self-contained dwellings) and board;

(b) in relation to a building provided or converted on or

after 3rd July 1962, a building in which is provided, for persons generally or for any class or classes of persons, residential accommodation (otherwise than in houses) and either board or common facilities for the preparation of food adequate to the needs of those persons, or both.

Section 12(2) of this Act shall apply to the reference in this subsection to houses as it applies to such references in sections 1 to 12 of this Act.

22.—(1) Where a local authority have (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) for the purpose of discharging any of their duties under Part VII of the principal Act, acquired the right to use any government war buildings, and the Secretary of State has approved for the purposes of this section arrangements made by the authority for using those buildings, whether with or without alterations, for providing temporary housing accommodation, then—

(a) if the Secretary of State estimates that the local

authority will incur a loss in any year in respect of the provision of housing accommodation in pursuance of the arrangements, he shall make to the authority an Exchequer contribution for that year of a sum equivalent to the estimated loss; and

(b) if the Secretary of State estimates that the local

authority will make a profit in any year in respect of the provision of housing accommodation in pursuance of the arrangements, the authority shall pay to him in respect of that year a sum equivalent to the estimated profit

(2) For the purposes of any such estimate there shall be deemed to accrue to a local authority, in respect of each house

Part I 1948 c. 29.

1950 c. 34.

Exchequer contributions for temporary housing accommodation provided in certain war buildings.

704

Part I

1945 c. 43.

Advances to registered housing associations providing or improving housing accommodation for letting.

1965 c. 12.

1897 c. 51.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

provided by the authority in pursuance of any such arrangements as aforesaid, in addition to any other income accruing from the house—

(a) where the local authority are the council of a county

in which the density of the population does not exceed one hundred per square mile, or are the council of a burgh of which the population does not exceed two thousand, the sum of six pounds a year; and

(b) in any other case, the sum of eight pounds a year.

(3) Where any buildings are demolished by a local authority upon ceasing to be used for the purpose of providing housing accommodation in pursuance of such arrangements as aforesaid, then—

(a) the Secretary of State shall pay to the local authority

the cost of demolition; and

(b) any sums realised by the local authority by the disposal

of materials derived from the demolished buildings shall be paid by the authority to the Secretary of State.

(4) In this section the expression " government war building " means any building which constitutes government war works as defined by section 59 of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act 1945, and the expression "alterations* includes adaptations, enlargements and improvements.

Advances to housing associations

23.—(1) If a housing association registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965 submit to the Secretary of State a scheme under which they will provide or improve housing accommodation, and satisfy the Secretary of State that under the scheme the housing accommodation so provided or improved will be let or kept available for letting except at such times and in such cases as the Secretary of State may approve, the Secretary of State may make advances to the housing association in accordance with this section.

(2) The Secretary of State may, in accordance with an agreement made by him with the housing association, make on such terms and conditions as he may approve advances to the housing association to meet the whole or any part of the expenditure incurred by the housing association in connection with the scheme, and the advances—

(a) shall carry interest—

(i) in the case of an advance made before 27th February 1964, at the rate fixed by the Treasury under section 1 of the Public Works Loans Act 1897 in respect of loans to local authorities made

Part I

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

on the date of the making of the advance and for the same period as the advance;

(ii) in the case of an advance made on or after 27th February 1964 and before 1st April 1968, at the rate fixed by the Treasury under section 2 of the Public Works Loans Act 1964 in respect of loans 1964 c. 9. to local authorities made on the date of the making

of the advance and for the same period as the advance, being loans made on the security of local rates, or, where there is more than one rate so fixed, at such of those rates as the Treasury have directed in that behalf under the said section 2; and

(iii) in the case of an advance made on or after 1st April 1968, at the rate in respect of loans to local authorities made on the date of the making of the advance and for the same period as the advance (being, in terms of section 6(2) of the National Loans Act 1968, the rate at that time 1968 c. 13. determined by the Treasury in respect of local loans

of that class made on the security of local rates, subject to any relevant direction given by the Treasury under the said section 6(2)); and

(b) shall be repayable over such period, not exceeding sixty years, and on such terms, as may, with the approval of the Treasury, be provided in the agreement

(3) It shall be the duty of a housing association who have entered into an agreement under this section to comply with any directions which the Secretary of State may give to them with respect to the administration of the scheme and the disposal of assets provided under the scheme.

(4) Advances made under this section shall not exceed the aggregate sum of three million pounds.

(5) The Treasury may issue to the Secretary of State, out of the National Loans Fund, such sums as are necessary to enable him to make advances under this section.

(6) Any sums received by the Secretary of State under subsection (2) of this section shall be paid into the National Loans Fund.

(7) The Secretary of State shall, in respect of each financial year, prepare in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct an account of sums issued to him for advances under this section, and of sums received by him under this section, and of

z

706

Part I

Loans to housing associations by Public Works Loan Commissioners.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (,

Act 1968

the disposal by him of those sums respectively, and send it to the Comptroller and Auditor-General not later than the end of November in the following financial year; and the Comptroller and Auditor-General shall examine, certify and report on the account and lay copies of it, together with his report, before each House of Parliament.

(8) In this section—

(a) references to the provision of housing accommodation

are references to the provision of housing accommodation by building new houses; and

(b) references to the improvement of housing accommoda-

tion are references to the improvement of housing accommodation—

(i) by the provision of dwellings by means of the conversion of houses or other buildings, or

(ii) by the improvement of dwellings.

24.—(1) The Public Works Loan Commissioners may, subject to the provisions of this section, lend money to any housing association—

(a) for the purpose of constructing or improving, or facili-

tating or encouraging the construction or improvement of, houses;

(b) for the purchase of houses;

(c) for the purchase and development of land,

and any housing association may borrow from the Public Works Loan Commissioners such money as may be required for the purposes aforesaid.

(2) A loan for any of the purposes specified in subsection (1) of this section shall be secured with interest by a heritable security over die land and houses in respect of which that purpose is to be carried out and over such other land and houses, if any, as may be offered as security for the loan.

(3) Any such loan may be made whether the housing association receiving the loan have or have not power to borrow on bond and disposition in security or otherwise, independently of this Act, but nothing in this Act or the principal Act shall affect any regulation, statutory or otherwise, whereby any company may be restricted from borrowing until a definite portion of capital is subscribed for, taken or paid up.

707

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 13

Act 1968

(4) The following conditions shall apply in the case of any Part I such loan:—

(a) the period for repayment shall not exceed forty years;

(b) no money shall be lent on the security of any land or

houses unless the estate or interest therein proposed to be burdened is either ownership or a lease of which a period of not less than fifty years remains unexpired at the date of the loan;

(c) the money lent shall not exceed such proportion as is

hereinafter authorised of the value, to be ascertained to the satisfaction of the Public Works Loan Commissioners, of the estate or interest in the land or houses proposed to be burdened in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section; but loans may be made by instalments from time to time as the building of houses or other work on the land so burdened progresses, so, however, that the total loans do not at any time exceed the amount aforesaid; and the heritable security may be granted accordingly to secure such loans so to be made from time to time:

Provided that, where a loan is made under this section for the purpose of carrying out a scheme for the provision of houses approved by the Secretary of State—

(i) the maximum period for the repayment of the loan shall

be fifty instead of forty years;

(ii) money may be lent on heritable security over a lease recorded under the Registration of Leases (Scotland) 1857 c. 26. Act 1857, being a lease of which a period of not less

than ten years in excess of the period fixed for the repayment of the sums lent remains unexpired at the date of the loan.

(5) The proportion of such value as aforesaid authorised for the purpose of the loan shall be three-fourths:

Provided that—

(a) if payment of the principal of and interest on the loan

is guaranteed by a local authority, the said proportion shall be nine-tenths;

(b) if payment is not guaranteed as aforesaid and the loan

exceeds two-thirds of such value as aforesaid, the Public Works Loan Commissioners shall require, in addition to such a heritable security as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, such further security as they may think fit

z 2

708

Part I

Advances to

Scottish

Special

Housing

Association

for provision

or

improvement of housing accommodation.

1964 c. 56.

1914 c. 31. 1925 c. 15.

1950 c. 34.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Special provisions for financial assistance to Scottish Special Housing Association

25.—(1) The Secretary of State may make advances, of such amounts, on such terms and repayable over such periods as may be approved by the Treasury, to the Scottish Special Housing Association for the purpose of—

(a) enabling or assisting the provision or improvement of

housing accommodation by the Association (whether as principals or as agents for a local authority or for any other person);

(b) meeting the whole or any part of the expenditure

incurred by the Association in connection with any scheme submitted to the Secretary of State by the Association under which the Association will provide or improve housing accommodation, and as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied that the housing accommodation so provided or improved will be let or kept available for letting except at such times and in such cases as the Secretary of State may approve;

(c) assisting the Association to acquire any land compul-

sorily under section 175 of the principal Act;

(d) assisting the Association to act as the agents of the

Housing Corporation in pursuance of section 11(1) of the Housing Act 1964;

(e) enabling or assisting the Association to purchase, on

terms approved by the Secretary of State, all or any of the assets of any authorised society within the meaning of the Housing Act 1914 or any housing trust to which section 119 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1925 applied:

Provided that—

(i) the aggregate amount of the advances made under this

subsection, together with any advances made under section 94(1) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950, shall not exceed one hundred and forty-five million pounds or such greater sum, not exceeding one hundred and seventy million pounds, as the Secretary of State may by order specify;

(ii) the aggregate amount of the advances made under paragraph (a) of this subsection in respect of the improvement of housing accommodation shall not exceed one million pounds;

(in) the aggregate amount of the advances made under paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not exceed one million pounds.

709

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

(2) It shall be the duty of the Association, if they accept any part I advances under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section in connection with a scheme, to comply with any directions which

the Secretary of State may give to them with respect to the administration of the scheme and the disposal of the assets provided under the scheme.

(3) The power to make orders conferred on the Secretary of State by paragraph (i) of the proviso to subsection (1) of this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and no order shall be made in the exercise of that power unless a draft of the order has been laid before the Commons House of Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of that House.

(4) Subsections (5) to (7) of section 23 of this Act shall apply in relation to advances made under this section and sums received in repayment thereof as they apply in relation to advances made under that section and sums received in repayment thereof.

(5) In this section—

(a) references to the provision of housing accommodation

are references to the provision of housing accommodation whether by building new houses or by the acquisition of houses; and

(b) references to the improvement of housing accommoda-

tion are references to the improvement of housing accommodation—

(i) by the provision of dwellings by means of the conversion of houses or other buildings, or

(ii) by the improvement of dwellings.

(6) Section 12(2) of this Act shall apply to references in this section to houses as it applies p such references in sections 1 to 12 of this Act.

26. Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the total Exchequer net annual expenditure (as calculated in accordance with rules contributions made by the Secretary of State) necessarily incurred in the year Sdts of™ beginning on 1st April 1962 or in any subsequent year by the Scottish Scottish Special Housing Association— Special

(a) in providing new houses in respect of which Exchequer A^tion

contributions fall to be made under section 93 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950, section 23 of the Housing 1950 c. 34. and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957, section 1 1957 c. 38. of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1962 or sections 2 to 1962 c. 28.

4,6,7 or 10 of this Act; and

(b) in improving, otherwise than as agents, housing accom-

modation whether by the provision of dwellings by

z 3

710

Pari I

Power of local authorities to make improvement grants.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

means of the conversion of houses or other buildings or by the improvement of dwellings; and

(c) in providing housing accommodation, being accommodation acquired by them from any such body as is mentioned in section 25(l)(e) of this Act;

is greater than the stun of—

(i) the Exchequer contributions referred to in paragraph (a) of this section for the year in question, and <ii) any Exchequer contributions made to the Association for the year in question under section 16 of this Act,

the Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury, make such further Exchequer contribution to the Association in respect of the excess as he may determine.

Part II

Financial Assistance in Respect of Housing Accommodation Privately Provided or Improved

Grants by local authorities for improvements

27.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act. a local authority may give assistance in respect of—

(a) the provision of dwellings by a person other than a local

authority by means of the conversion of houses or other buildings;

(b) the improvement of dwellings by such a person;

by way of making a grant (in this Part of this Act referred to as an " improvement grant ") in respect of expenses incurred for the purpose of the execution of the works of conversion or improvement (in this Part of this Act referred to as " improvement works ") if, before the improvement works are begun, an application in that behalf is made to the authority by that person (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as "the applicant ’*) and approved by them.

(2) An application for an improvement grant must contain full particulars of the improvement works proposed to be carried out and of the land on which those works are proposed to be carried out, together with plans and specifications of the works.

(3) An application for an improvement grant must also contain an estimate of the expenses to be incurred for the purpose of the execution of the improvement works (which estimate may include fees payable to professional persons employed in connection with those works), and, where the application relates to the provision or improvement of more than one dwelling, the said estimate must specify the proportion of the estimated expenses that is attributable to each dwelling proposed to be

711

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

provided or improved, and, subject to subsection (4) of this section, the application shall not be entertained unless—

(<a)in a case where the application relates only to the provision or improvement of a single dwelling, the amount of the expenses estimated to be incurred for the purposes of the execution of the improvement works, or

(b) in any other case, the proportion of those expenses attributable to each dwelling proposed to be provided or improved,

is not less than one hundred pounds or such other amount as may for the time being be prescribed.

(4) Where at any time within three years after the making of a standard grant under section 40 of this Act in respect of a dwelling an application for an improvement grant is made in respect of that dwelling and the application contains a statement of the cost incurred in executing the works in respect of which the standard grant was made, subsection (3) of this section shall have effect, in relation to that application or, if the dwelling is not the only one to which the application relates, in relation to the application so far as it relates to the dwelling, as if the amount specified in or prescribed under that subsection were reduced by the cost incurred as aforesaid.

(5) Where a local authority approve an application for an improvement grant they shall notify the applicant of the amount approved by them as being the amount of the expenses which, in their opinion, are properly ascribable to the execution of the improvement works and, where the application relates to the provision or improvement of more than one dwelling, of the proportion of that amount approved by them as being attributable to each dwelling proposed to be provided or improved.

The said amount is hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to, in relation to improvement works, as the "approved expense" of executing those works, and the proportion of that amount approved under this subsection as being attributable to a dwelling is so referred to, in relation to that dwelling, as the " approved proportion " of the approved expense.

(6) Before approving an application for an improvement grant the local authority shall satisfy themselves as to the requirements set out in section 28(1) of this Act subject, however, to the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of that section.

(7) A local authority may in any case refuse to approve an application for an improvement grant on any grounds that seem to them sufficient, and shall refuse to approve any such application in respect of any dwelling to be provided or improved by means of improvement works if assistance has been given in

Part II

712

Part II

1946 c. 73. 1948 c. 45. 1950 c. 34. 1955 c 21.

Requirements precedent to approval of application for improvement grant.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (

Act 1968

respect of that dwelling under any of the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) section 1 of the Hill Farming Act 1946;

(b) section 77 of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act 1948;

(c) section 1000X6) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950;

(d) section 22(2) of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955;

(e) section 44 of this Act

(8) If a local authority refuse to approve an application for an improvement grant or, having approved such an application, pay by way of an improvement grant in respect thereof an amount smaller than the maximum amount allowed by section 29(1) of this Act apart from the proviso to the said section 29(1), they shall, if the applicant so requests, notify him in writing of the grounds of their refusal or, as the case may be, the grounds of their decision not to pay the said maximum amount

(9) The Secretary of State may give directions to any local authority or to local authorities generally requiring that any application for an improvement grant or all such applications of any class specified in the directions shall not be approved except with the consent of the Secretary of State (which may be granted subject to conditions), and it shall be the duty of any local authority to whom such directions are issued to comply therewith.

28.—-(1) The requirements referred to in section 27(6) of this Act are as follows, that is to say—

(a) that, as respects dwellings to be provided or improved

by means of the improvement works, the dwellings or (as the case may be) the dwellings as so improved will provide satisfactory housing accommodation for a period of not less than thirty years from the completion of the works;

(b) that all such dwellings as aforesaid will conform with

such requirements with respect to their construction and physical condition and the provision of services and amenities as may be specified for the purposes of this section by the Secretary of State;

(c) that the applicant is, in respect of every parcel of land on which improvement works are proposed to be carried out (other than land proposed to be sold or leased to him under section 145(4) of the principal Act), either the owner or the lessee under a lease of which the period remaining unexpired at the date of the application is not less than—

(i) the period for which the dwellings concerned will provide satisfactory housing accommodation, or

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

713

Oi) thirty years. Part ii

whichever is the shorter.

(2) If, in relation to all or any of the said dwellings, the local authority are of opinion that the period mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section is likely to be less than thirty years, they may, notwithstanding that fact, approve the application if they are satisfied that the said period is likely to be more than ten years and if they consider it expedient in all the circumstances to do so.

(3) If, in relation to all or any of the said dwellings, the local uthority are not satisfied that the dwellings or dwelling will conform with a particular requirement specified under paragraph

(b) of subsection (1) of this section, they may, notwithstanding that fact, approve the application if they are satisfied that, in all the circumstances of the case, conformity with that requirement would not be practicable at a reasonable expense.

29.—(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this Amount of section, the amount which may be paid by way of an improve- improvement ment grant shall be an amount not exceeding—

(a) if the application for the improvement grant was made thereof.

to die local authority before 16th August 1964, four hundred pounds for each dwelling provided or improved by the improvement works;

(b) if the said application was so made on or after that date, five hundred pounds, or such other amount as may for the time being be prescribed, for each dwelling so provided or improved;

(c) in any case, such fraction of the approved expense of

executing the improvement works, not exceeding one-half thereof, as may be determined by the local authority when they approve the application for the improvement grant:

Provided that—

(i) where the local authority, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, are satisfied in the case of any particular application that in all the circumstances of the case there is good reason for the payment of an amount higher than the amount authorised under this subsection, the amount of the improvement grant may be such amount in excess of the sum specified in paragraph (a) of this subsection or (as the case may be) specified in or prescribed under paragraph (b) thereof, but not exceeding one-half of the approved expense of executing the improvement works, as may be determined by the authority with the consent of the Secretary of State when they approve the application;

z*

Ch. 31 Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

(ii) where the local authority are satisfied that the expense of executing the improvement works was materially enhanced by reason of measures taken to preserve the architectural or historic interest of the house or building to which the application relates, the amount of the improvement grant may be such fraction of the approved expense of executing the works, in excess of one-half thereof, or such amount in excess of the sum specified in paragraph (a) of this subsection or (as the case may be) specified in or prescribed under paragraph (b) thereof, as may be determined by the authority with the consent of the Secretary of State when they approve the application.

(2) Where after the making of a standard grant under section 40 of this Act in respect of a dwelling an improvement grant is made in respect of that dwelling, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect, in relation to that dwelling, as if the sum specified in paragraph (a) of that subsection or (as the case may be) specified in or prescribed under paragraph (b) thereof were reduced by the amount of the standard grant.

(3) An improvement grant in respect of expenses incurred for the purpose of the execution of improvement works may be paid either after completion of the works or partly in instalments from time to time as the works progress and as to the balance after the completion of the works:

Provided that where the improvement grant is to be paid partly in instalments, the aggregate of the instalments paid shall not at any time before the completion of the improvement works exceed one-half of the aggregate cost of the works executed up to that time.

(4) The payment of an improvement grant or of an instalment or the balance thereof shall be conditional on the improvement works or, as the case may be, the part of the works which the applicant considers will entitle him to payment of the instalment or balance being executed to the satisfaction of the local authority.

(5) Where an instalment of an improvement grant is paid before the completion of the improvement works, and the works are not completed within twelve months of the date of payment of the instalment, then that instalment and any further sums paid by the local authority on account of the improvement grant shall, on being demanded by the authority, forthwith become payable to them by the person to whom the instalment was paid, and the instalment and any such payment shall carry interest at the prescribed rate from the date on which it was paid by the authority until repaid under this subsection.

715

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

30. —(1) In the case of a dwelling in respect of the provision part U or improvement of which an improvement grant has been made, conditions to the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act shall, subject be observed to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be observed with respect with respect to the dwelling for a period of three years beginning with the dayt0 dwe lmgs* on which in die opinion of the local authority it first becomes

fit for occupation after the completion of the improvement works, and shall, so long as they are required to be so observed, be deemed to be part of the terms of any lease or tenancy of the dwelling, and shall be enforceable accordingly.

(2) The provisions of this section, of section 31 of this Act and of Schedule 3 thereto (other than paragraph 4 thereof), shall apply to a dwelling used as a residence by a minister or full-time lay missionary of any religious denomination by virtue of his office as such minister or missionary in like manner as if he were a tenant of the dwelling.

31. —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect in Enforcement the event of a breach of any of the conditions specified in of conditions. Schedule 3 to this Act at a time when they are required to be observed with respect to a dwelling.

(2) Where the improvement works by means of which the dwelling was provided or improved were works only for the provision or improvement of that dwelling, there shall, on being demanded by the local authority, forthwith become payable to them, by the owner for the time being of the dwelling, the appropriate proportion of any sums paid by the authority by way of improvement grant in respect of the expenses incurred for the purpose of the execution of those works, together, in the case of each such sum, with interest on the appropriate proportion thereof for the period from the date of payment of the sum by the authority to the date of payment to the authority of the appropriate proportion of the sum.

(3) In any other case, there shall, on being demanded by the local authority, forthwith become payable to them, by die owner for the time being of the dwelling, the appropriate proportion of a part of any such sums as aforesaid bearing to the whole thereof the same proportion that the approved proportion of the approved expense of executing the improvement works bears to the whole of the approved expense of executing those works, together, in the case of each part of a sum, with interest on the appropriate proportion of that part for the period from the date of payment of the sum by the authority to the date of payment to the authority of the appropriate proportion of that part.

(4) In subsections (2) and (3) of this section—

(a) the expression "the appropriate proportion", in relation to a sum or part of a sum, means a part thereof

Z* 2

716

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Part n proportionate to the extent to which the period during

which conditions are required by section 30 of this Act to be observed with respect to the dwelling remains unexpired at the date of the occurrence of the breach; and

(b) " interest " means compound interest calculated at the prescribed rate and with yearly rests.

(5) If the local authority are satisfied that the breach is capable of being remedied, they may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, and subject to such conditions (if any) as he may approve, direct that the operation of the foregoing provisions of this section shall, in relation to the breach, be suspended for such period as appears to them to be necessary for enabling the breach to be remedied, and, if the breach is remedied within that period, may direct that the said provisions shall not have effect in relation to the breach.

(6) If the local authority are satisfied that the breach, although not capable of being remedied, was not due to the act, default or connivance of the owner of the dwelling, they may, with the like consent and subject to such conditions as aforesaid, direct that the said provisions shall not have effect in relation to the breach.

(7) Upon satisfaction of a liability of an owner of a dwelling to make payment under subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section to a local authority, observance with respect to the dwelling of the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act shall cease to be requisite.

(8) The sheriff within whose jurisdiction is situated any dwelling with respect to which the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are for the time being required to be observed may, on the application of the local authority, whether or not any other relief is claimed, grant an interdict restraining a breach or apprehended breach, in relation to the dwelling, of any of those conditions other than the condition specified in paragraph 5 of the said Schedule.

(9) Where a local authority pay an improvement grant or, in a case where an improvement grant is payable partly in instalments as the improvement works progress and as to the balance after the completion of the works, the balance of the improvement grant in respect of a dwelling, they shall cause to be recorded in the General Register of Sasines a notice in the prescribed form specifying—

(a) the conditions required by section 30 of this Act to be observed with respect to the dwelling, being the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act; and

717

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

(b) the provisions of this section whereby, on a breach of part n any of the said conditions at a time when they are required to be observed, the owner for the time being of the dwelling becomes liable to repay to the local authority the amount set forth in this section;

and the cost of such recording shall be repaid to the local authority by the owner for the time being of the dwelling.

(10) In any case where, in pursuance of subsection (7) of this section, observance of the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act ceases to be requisite with respect to a dwelling, the local authority shall cause to be recorded in the General Register of Sasines a notice in the prescribed form stating that the said conditions no longer apply to the dwelling, and the cost of such recording shall be repaid to the authority by the owner for the time being of the dwelling.

(11) In the event of a breach of any of the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act at a time when they are required to be observed with respect to a dwelling it shall be competent for the local authority to make a charging order in favour of themselves for the amount that becomes payable to them under this section in consequence of such breach, and the provisions of section 29 of the principal Act shall, subject to any necessary modifications, apply to a charging order so made in like manner as they apply to a charging order made under section 28 of that Act

32.—(1) It shall be the duty of a local authority, at the time Duty of local at which they approve an application for an improvement grant, to fix, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, with respect to— rents>

(a) every dwelling to be provided by means of the improve-

ment works, and

(b) every dwelling to be improved by means of the improve-

ment works, being a dwelling which the local authority are satisfied has not been let as a dwelling at any time during the period of five years immediately preceding the date of the application, the maximum rent that may be paid in respect of the dwelling.

(2) A local authority, in fixing under subsection (1) of this section the maximum rent that may be paid in respect of a dwelling, shall have regard to—

(a) the age of the building;

(b) the character and condition of the dwelling after the

carrying out of the proposed improvement works;

(c) the cost of the proposed improvement works; and

(d) the rents payable in their district for similar dwellings

not let under an existing controlled tenancy.

z* 3

718

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Part n (3) Where an application is made to a local authority for an improvement grant in respect of the improvement of a dwelling (not being a dwelling as respects which the authority are satisfied as mentioned in subsection (l)(h) of this section), and that dwelling is not subject to an existing controlled tenancy, the application may contain a request to fix for the purposes of paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to this Act a rent higher than the limit imposed by sub-paragraph (b) of that paragraph, and if it appears to the authority reasonable to do so, having regard to all the circumstances and, in particular, to the rents payable in their district for similar dwellings not let under an existing controlled tenancy, they may, on approving the application, fix such higher rent for those purposes as they think reasonable; and a rent so fixed shall be substituted in the condition set out in the said paragraph 4 for the limit imposed by the said sub-paragraph ().

(4) Where—

(a) an improvement grant has been made in respect of

the provision or improvement of any dwelling, and

(b) works (other than works for the purpose of the execu-

tion of which the improvement grant has been so made) have been executed on the said dwelling at a time when the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are required to be observed with respect thereto,

the local authority may, on an application being made to them in that behalf, direct that for the purposes of this Part of this Act the maximum amount of the rent payable by any tenant of the dwelling shall be increased by such amount as may be specified in the direction, not exceeding an amount calculated at a rate per annum of twelve and one half per cent, of the cost of executing the works.

(5) Where a direction is given under subsection (4) of this section in relation to a dwelling on any occasion, references in paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to this Act to the amount which the rent payable by any tenant of the dwelling is not to exceed shall, as respects any period after the giving of the direction and before any subsequent direction is given under the said subsection (4) in relation to the dwelling or the direction is superseded by reason of the application of the said conditions by virtue of the giving of a further improvement grant, whichever event first occurs, be construed in relation to the dwelling, for the purposes of—

(a) this Part of this Act, and

(b) where section 37(2) of this Act applies, the Housing

(Rural Workers) Acts 1926 to 1942,

as references to that amount as increased in accordance with the direction given on that occasion and with any direction given

719

Housing (Financial Provisions) (< Ch. 31

Act 1968

under the said subsection (4) in relation to the dwelling on a Part II previous occasion which has not been superseded as aforesaid.

(6) In this section " existing controlled tenancy " has the same meaning as in section 11 of the Rent Act 1965. 1965 c. 75.

33.—(1) It shall be the duty of every local authority to make Local and keep a register in the prescribed form in which they shall authority to record in relation to every dwelling with respect to which the con- j^P^sglster ditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are for the time being required to be observed—

(a) the amount to which the rent is limited by virtue of the condition contained in paragraph 4 of the said Schedule 3;

(b) any increase of the said amount authorised by virtue of

subsections (4) and (5) of section 32 of this Act; and

(c) such other information as may be prescribed.

(2) A register kept by a local authority under this section shall be made available for inspection by the public at the principal office of the authority during all normal business periods.

(3) The Secretary of State may provide by regulations made by statutory instrument for the issue by a local authority of extracts of entries in the register kept by them under this section, and for the charging by the authority of a fee, not exceeding one shilling, in respect of each entry contained in any extract issued in accordance therewith, and any extract so issued shall be evidence of the matters set out therein.

34.—(1) The owner of a dwelling in respect of the provision Voluntary or improvement of which an improvement grant has been made repayment or the holder of a heritable security over the dwelling, being a JnDrovement heritable creditor entitled to exercise his power of sale, may, at grants, any time when the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are required to be observed with respect to the dwelling, pay to the local authority the like amount as would become payable to them under section 31 of this Act in the event of a breach at that time of any of those conditions, and on the making of the payment observance with respect to the dwelling of those conditions shall cease to be requisite.

(2) A sum paid under subsection (1) of this section by a heritable creditor shall be treated as part of the sum secured by the heritable security.

(3) In any case where, in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, observance of the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act ceases to be requisite with respect to a dwelling,

z* 4

720

Part II

Exchequer

contributions

towards

improvement

grants.

Provisions as to further improvement grants.

Ch. 31 Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

section 31(10) of this Act shall apply in like manner as it applies in the case therein mentioned.

35. —(1) The Secretary of State may make Exchequer contributions towards the expense incurred by a local authority in making an improvement grant.

(2) Subject to any order made by the Secretary of State under section 56 of this Act, an Exchequer contribution under subsection (1) of this section shall be a sum equal to three-quarters of the annual loan charges referable to the amount of the improvement grant, payable for each of the twenty financial years beginning with the year in which were completed the improvement works in respect of which the improvement grant was made.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the annual loan charges referable to the amount of an improvement grant shall (whatever may be the manner in which the local authority have provided or intend to provide the money requisite for making the improvement grant) be the annual sum which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, would fall to be provided by the authority for the payment of interest on, and the repayment of, an amount of borrowed money equal to the amount of the improvement grant, being money the period for the repayment of which is twenty years.

(4) A local authority shall pay to the Secretary of State three-quarters of any sum—

(a) recovered by them by virtue of section 31 of this Act in consequence of a breach of any of the conditions required to be observed with respect to the dwelling, or (b) paid to them under section 34 of this Act in respect of the dwelling.

(5) Subsections (2) and (4) of this section shall, in the case of a local authority for any area in the Highlands and Islands, have effect with the substitution for the words " three-quarters " of the words " seven-eighths

36, —(1) An improvement grant shall not be made in respect of the provision of dwellings by means of the conversion of dwellings with respect to which the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are for the time being required to be observed.

(2) Where by virtue of the making on any occasion of an improvement grant in respect of the improvement of a dwelling the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are required to be observed with respect to the dwelling before the observance thereof by virtue of the making of an improvement grant on a previous occasion has ceased to be requisite, the provisions of

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

sections 30. 31, 34, 35(4) and 35(5) of this Act shall apply in relation to the dwelling as regards each occasion on which an improvement grant is so made as if it were the only occasion on which it was so made:

Provided that in relation to any period during which the said conditions are simultaneously required to be observed by virtue of the making of an improvement grant on more than one occasion, the condition as to rent applicable by reason of the making of an improvement grant on the last occasion shall be deemed to be the condition as to rent also by reason of the making of an improvement grant on any previous occasion.

37*—(1) An improvement grant shall not be made in respect Provisions of the provision of dwellings by means of the conversion of "to dwellings dwellings in relation to which the conditions specified in section |™j^vSoUsinB 3 of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act 1926 for the time being (Rural apply. Workers)

Acts.

(2) Where an improvement grant is made in respect of the 1926 c 56 improvement of a dwelling in relation to which the said conditions apply at the time when the improvement grant is so made, the Housing (Rural Workers) Acts 1926 to 1942 shall have effect in relation to the dwelling as if the conditions specified in Schedule 3 to this Act were contained in, and applicable by virtue of, section 3(1) of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act 1926 in lieu of the conditions specified therein and in sections 5 and 6 of the Housing (Rural Workers) Amendment Act 1938, 1938 c. 35. and anything which would, or would not, constitute for the purposes of this Part of this Act a breach of the conditions specified in the said Schedule 3 shall be treated as constituting, or, as the case may be, not constituting a breach of those conditions for the purposes of the Housing (Rural Workers) Acts 1926 to 1942.

38.—(1) In the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Provisions Act, unless the context otherwise requires, "owner", in rela-supplementary tion to a dwelling, means the person who is for the time being to 2710 37' entitled to receive the rent of the dwelling or who, if the dwelling were let, would be so entitled, and includes such a lessee as is mentioned in section 28(l)(c) of this Act

(2) References in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act or in the following provisions of this section to the improvement of dwellings shall be construed as including references to the alteration or enlargement thereof and to die execution of works of repair thereto, not being works of ordinary repair, and as including also references to the execution of works of ordinary repair thereto so far, but so far only, as the execution thereof is incidental to or connected

721

Part II

722

Part II

Standard

amenities.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (,

Act 1968

with the execution of works of improvement, alteration or enlargement or of works of repair not being works of ordinary repair, and in the said provisions the expression " improved " shall be construed accordingly.

(3) In determining for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act whether, as regards a dwelling in respect of the provision or improvement of which an improvement grant has been made, a breach has occurred of the condition specified in paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to this Act as to the rent payable by a tenant of the dwelling, any property which, in the absence of express provision, would pass upon a conveyance in common form of the dwelling, and any yard, garden, outhouse and pertinents belonging to or usually enjoyed with the dwelling, shall be deemed to form part of the dwelling.

(4) A dwelling which has been provided or improved by improvement works under this Part of this Act shall not, by reason only of such provision or improvement, be deemed to be a new house within the meaning of any local Act notwithstanding anything contained in such Act.

Grants by local authorities for provision of standard amenities

39.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, and subject to this section, " the standard amenities ", in relation to any dwelling, mean the following amenities provided for the exclusive use of the occupants of the dwelling, that is to say—

(a) a fixed bath or shower, which, subject to subsection (2)

of this section, is to be in a bathroom;

(b) a wash-hand basin;

(c) a hot and cold water supply at a fixed bath or shower,

which, if reasonably practicable, is to be in a bath room;

(d) a hot and cold water supply at a wash-hand basin;

(e) a hot and cold water supply at a sink;

(/) a water closet; and

(g) satisfactory facilities for storing food; and references in this Part of this Act to the standard amenities shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Subject to this section, the fixed bath or shower mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) thereof may, if it is not reasonably practicable for it to be provided in a bathroom, but it is reasonably practicable for it to be provided with a hot and cold water supply, be in a part of the dwelling which is not a bathroom or bedroom.

(3) The Secretary of State may by order vary the class of amenities which are the standard amenities, and an order under this subsection may amend or repeal any of the provisions of

723

Housing C Financial Provisions) ( Ch. 31

Act 1968

subsection (2) of this section or of section 41(5) of this Act Part II and may contain such transitional and other supplemental provisions as may appear to the Secretary of State to be expedient

(4) The power to make orders conferred on the Secretary of State by subsection (3) of this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

40.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, Duty of local a local authority shall give assistance in respect of the improve- authorities to ment of any dwelling by a person other than a local authority by such works as may be required for the dwelling to be grants, provided with all of the standard amenities by way of making a grant (in this Part of this Act referred to as a " standard grant") in respect of the cost of executing the works, if an application in that behalf is made by that person to the authority and approved by them before the works are begun and die works are executed to the satisfaction of the authority.

(2) An application may be made under this section proposing the carrying out of works which comprise the provision of part only of the standard amenities notwithstanding that the dwelling is not already provided with all the remainder of the standard amenities if—

(a) it is not practicable at reasonable expense to provide

the dwelling with all of the standard amenities, and

(b) after the execution of the works the dwelling will be

provided with at least the amenities comprised in the reduced standard as defined in section 86(5) of the principal Act:

Provided that an application shall not be entertained by virtue of this subsection in respect of a dwelling which is or forms part of a house or building as regards which the local authority are satisfied that they have power to serve a notice under section 106 of the principal Act

(3) An application under this section must specify the dwelling and the works proposed to be carried out and, where those works comprise the provision of part only of the standard amenities, must—

(a) if the application is made by virtue of subsection (1)

of this section, contain a statement that the dwelling is already provided with the remainder;

(b) if the application is made by virtue of subsection (2)

of this section, contain a statement that it is not practicable at reasonable expense to provide the dwelling with all of the standard amenities and give the facts on which the statement is based.

724

Part II

Approval of applications for standard grants.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (

Act 1968

(4) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, an application under this section must also contain a statement either that the applicant is the occupier of the dwelling or that the occupier has consented in writing to the making of the application.

(5) An application under this section as respects works to be carried out in compliance with an improvement notice served, or an undertaking accepted, under Part IV of the principal Act shall be in such form as the local authority may direct, and subsection (4) of this section shall not apply in respect of such an application.

(6) An application under this section shall not be entertained if it relates to a dwelling provided after the end of the year 1944, unless the dwelling was provided by the conversion before the end of the year 1958 of a building erected before the end of the year 1944.

41.—(1) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, a local authority shall approve an application for a standard grant if—

(a) they are satisfied as to the matters mentioned in sub-

sections (2) and (3) of this section, and

(b) in the case of an application made by virtue of section

40(2) of this Act, they are satisfied also as to the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection,

and shall not approve any application if not so satisfied.

(2) The local authority must be satisfied that after the execution of the works specified in the application the dwelling will be in such condition as not to be unfit for human habitation, and that it is likely to remain in that condition and available for use as a dwelling for a period of not less than fifteen years.

(3) The local authority must also be satisfied that the applicant is, in respect of every parcel of land on which the works are to be carried out (other than land proposed to be sold or leased to him under section 145(4) of the principal Act), either the owner or the lessee under a lease of which there remains unexpired at the date of the application a period of not less than fifteen years.

(4) In considering an application made by virtue of section 40(2) of this Act the local authority shall have regard to the estimated cost of the works which would be required to provide the dwelling with all of the standard amenities and the value which it is estimated that the dwelling (or the building of which the dwelling forms part) would have if works to provide the dwelling with all of the standard amenities were carried out.

(5) Subsection (1) of this section shall not have effect so as to oblige a local authority to approve an application for a standard

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

grant as respect works which include the provision of a fixed bath or shower in a part of a dwelling which is not a bathroom unless the works are to be carried out in compliance with an improvement notice served, or an undertaking accepted, under Part IV of the principal Act.

(6) Where the local authority do not approve an application for a standard grant they shall, if the applicant so requests, give him a written statement of the ground or grounds on which they have not approved it, and if, in the case of an application made by virtue of section 40(2) of this Act, that ground is, or those grounds include, the fact that the authority are not satisfied as to the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection, the said statement shall set out the reasons why the authority are not so satisfied.

42.—(1) The amount of a standard grant shall, subject Amount of to this section, be one-half of the cost shown to have been standard incurred in executing the works in respect of which it is made. grants*

(2) If any of the works are not exclusively for the purpose of providing one or more of the standard amenities, only so much of the cost of carrying out those works as is, in the opinion of the local authority, attributable to the provision of the standard amenity or standard amenities shall be taken into account under subsection (1) of this section.

(3) Subject to this section, there shall be a limit on the amount of a standard grant determined in accordance with the following Table, and the limit shall depend on the number of items in the following Table which will be provided by the works and shall be the total of the amounts specified in column 2 of that Table for those items or £350, whichever is the less.

Table

List of amenities Amount allowed towards limit

A fixed bath or shower in a £25 or, if the bathroom is being

bathroom or elsewhere. provided by the building of a new

structure or the conversion of outbuildings attached to the dwelling (or to the building of which the dwelling forms part) and, before the time when the local authority approve the application, they have been satisfied that it is not reasonably practicable to provide the bathroom in any other way, such higher amount as the local authority shall fix at that time as being in their opinion one-half of the part of the cost to be reasonably incurred in executing the works, being the part of the cost attributable to the provision of the fixed bath or shower.

725

Part II

726

Part II

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Amount allowed towards limit

£5.

£35.

£15.

£25.

£40 or, if the works comprise the installation of a septic tank and, before the time when the local authority approve the application, they have been satisfied that the connection of the water closet with main drainage is not possible or reasonably practicable, such higher amount as the local authority shall fix at that time as being in their opinion one-half of the part of the cost to be reasonably incurred in executing the works, being the part of the cost attributable to the provision of the water closet.

£10.

Such amount as the local authority shall fix at the time when they approve the application as being in their opinion one-half of the part of the cost to be reasonably incurred in executing the works, being the part of the cost attributable to the bringing of the piped supply into the dwelling.

(4) The local authority shall, when they approve the application, inform the applicant of any decision taken by them under the Table fixing a higher amount in respect of the cost attributable to the provision of a fixed bath or shower or of a water closet, or fixing any amount in respect of the cost of bringing a piped supply of cold water into the dwelling.

(5) In determining the limit the amount specified for any item in the Table shall not be brought in more than once, and no account shall be taken of any amenity provided by the works if, at the time when the works were begun, the dwelling was provided with an amenity of that kind unless part of the cost incurred in executing the works is attributable to interference with or replacement of that amenity and the local authority are satisfied that it would not have been reasonably practicable to avoid the interference or replacement.

List of amenities

A wash-hand basin

A hot and cold water supply at a fixed bath or shower.

A hot and cold water supply at a wash-hand basin.

A hot and cold water supply at a sink.

A water closet

Facilities for storing food ...

If the works comprise, in connection with all or any of the amenities provided, the bringing of a piped supply of cold water into the dwelling for the first time.

Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Ch. 31

Act 1968

(6) References in this section to the cost incurred in executing or carrying out works shall include references to fees payable to professional persons employed in connection with those works.

(7) The Secretary of State may by order vary the provisions of subsections (3), (4) and (5) of this section in any respect, and an order under this subsection may contain such transitional or other supplemental provisions as appear to the Secretary of State to be expedient

(8) The power to make orders conferred on the Secretary of State by subsection (7) of this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(9) Section 21 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 1959 c. 33. shall not have effect, and this section shall have effect only, in relation to applications for standard grants made on or after

16th August 1964.

43. The provisions of sections 30 to 38 of this Act shall, with Application the necessary modifications, apply in relation to standard grants !£

as they apply in relation to improvement grants, so, however, that provisions in relation to standard grants sections 36 and 37 of this Act relating to shall each apply with the omission of subsection (1) thereof. improvement

grants.

Grants by local authorities for provision of new houses for agricultural population

44. —(1) A local authority may, and if so required by the p°wer of local]

Secretary of State shall, submit to die Secretary of State a scheme makeKrSts° or schemes for assisting the provision of housing accommodation in respect of in new houses for the agricultural population, and on approval provision of by the Secretary of State of any scheme so submitted a local new houses for authority may in accordance therewith give assistance in the agricultural manner hereinafter provided. popu a ,on‘

(2) Assistance under this section shall be given by way of payment on the completion of the house of a lump sum not exceeding either—

(a) one-half of the cost of the house, or

(b) two hundred and forty pounds in the case of a house

containing three apartments, or three hundred pounds in the case of a house containing more than three apartments.

(3) Any person applying for assistance under this section shall furnish to the local authority full particulars of the house proposed to be erected, together with a statement, approved by an officer of the authority authorised in that behalf, of the

727 Part n

728

Part II

1946 c. 73. 1948 c. 45. 1955 c. 21.

Conditions to be observed with respect to houses.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

estimated cost of the house, and such plans and specifications thereof as the authority may require.

(4) If the local authority approve an application under this section they shall issue to the applicant a certificate of their approval, which shall set out the terms and conditions upon which assistance will be given.

(5) On the completion of the house the applicant shall furnish the local authority with such information as they may require as to the cost of the house and shall satisfy them that it has been erected in accordance with the terms and conditions of the said certificate, and the authority shall not be liable to give assistance under this section until they are so satisfied.

(6) A local authority may in any case refuse to approve an application under this section on any grounds which seem to them sufficient, and shall refuse to approve such an application—

(a) in respect of any house which does not contain at least three apartments of superficial areas not less than such areas as may be specified in the scheme of assistance, and such conveniences as may be so specified;

(b) in respect of any house in respect of which a grant has been made under section 1 of the Hill Farming Act 1946 or under section 77 of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act 1948 or under section 22(2) of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955.

(7) Where a local authority refuse to approve an application under this section they shall, if the applicant so requests, notify him in writing of the grounds of their refusal.

(8) In this section the expression "apartment" does not include any apartment not designed for use as a living-room or as a bedroom.

45.—(1) In the case of a house in respect of the provision of which assistance has been given under section 44 of this Act, the conditions specified in {Schedule 4 to this Act shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be observed with respect to the house for a period of forty years from the date of its completion and shall, so long as they are required to be so observed, be deemed to be part of the terms of any lease or tenancy of the house granted by the owner thereof, and shall be enforceable accordingly.

(2) Where in the case of any house the condition specified in paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to this Act is for the time being required to be observed with respect thereto, the local authority may at any time, if satisfied that the house is no longer required

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

for a member of the agricultural population, waive their right to enforce that condition in relation to that house:

Provided that the power conferred by this subsection shall be exercisable only with the consent of the Secretary of State.

(3) A local authority may make any exercise of the power conferred on them by subsection (2) of this section conditional on the application in relation to the house in question, for such part of the period of forty years from the date of completion of the house as remains unexpired at the time of the exercise, of such other conditions (if any) as the Secretary of State may approve; and section 46 of this Act shall apply in relation to any breach of a condition which is for the time being required to be observed with respect to the house by virtue of this subsection as it applies in relation to a breach of the conditions specified in Schedule 4 to this Act.

46.—(1) In the event of a breach of any of the conditions specified in Schedule 4 to this Act at a time when they are required to be observed with respect to a house, the owner for the time being of the house shall, subject to subsection (2) of this section, forthwith become liable to repay to the local authority the appropriate proportion of the sum paid by die authority under section 44 of this Act by way of assistance in respect of the provision of the house, together with interest on the appropriate proportion as from the date of payment of the sum by the authority.

In this subsection—

(a) the expression " the appropriate proportion ", in relation

to a sum, means a part thereof proportionate to the extent to which the period during which conditions are required by section 45 of this Act to be observed with respect to the house remains unexpired at the date of the occurrence of the breach; and

(b) " interest " means compound interest calculated at the

prescribed rate and with yearly rests.

(2) If in any case the local authority are satisfied that the breach was not due to the act, default or connivance of the owner of the house, they may, with the consent of the Secretary of State and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Secretary of State may approve, waive the liability of the owner to make repayment under subsection (1) of this section, and in the case of a continuing breach may, with the like consent and subject to such conditions as aforesaid, suspend the enforcement of that liability for such period as appears to them to be necessary for enabling the owner to remedy the breach.

729

Part H

Enforcement of conditions.

730

Part II

Voluntary repayment of assistance given under s. 44.

Exchequer contributions towards expenses of local

authorities under schemes of assistance.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

(3) Upon satisfaction of a liability of an owner of a house to make repayment under subsection (1) of this section to a local authority, observance with respect to the house of the conditions specified in Schedule 4 to this Act shall cease to be requisite.

47. The owner of a house in respect of the provision of which assistance has been given under section 44 of this Act may, at any time when the conditions specified in Schedule 4 to this Act are required to be observed with respect to the house, pay to the local authority the like amount as would become payable to them under section 46 of this Act in the event of a breach at that time of any of those conditions, and on die making of the payment observance with respect to the house of those conditions shall cease to be requisite.

48. —(1) The Secretary of State shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, make or undertake to make Exchequer contributions towards the expense incurred by a local authority in giving assistance under section 44 of this Act.

(2) An Exchequer contribution under subsection (1) of this section shall be a sum equal to three-quarters of the annual loan charges referable to the amount paid by way of assistance, payable for each of the forty financial years beginning with the year in which was completed the house in respect of the provision of which the assistance was given.

This subsection shall, in any case where assistance is given in respect of the provision of a house in the Highlands and Islands, have effect with the substitution for the words " three-quarters " of the words " seven-eighths

(3) For the purposes of this section, the annual loan charges referable to the amount paid by way of assistance shall (whatever may be the manner in which the local authority have provided or intend to provide the money requisite for giving the assistance) be the annual sum which, in die opinion of the Secretary of State, would fall to be provided by the authority for the payment of interest on, and the repayment of, an amount of borrowed money equal to the amount paid by way of assistance, being money the period for the repayment of which is forty years.

(4) In the event of a breach of any of the conditions specified in Schedule 4 to this Act at a time when they are required to be observed with respect to a house, the local authority shall be liable to repay to the Secretary of State in respect of each Exchequer contribution already paid under this section a sum bearing the same proportion to the amount of the Exchequer contribution as the sum (excluding interest) repayable

731

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

to the local authority by the owner of the house under section Part II 46 of this Act bears to the sum paid by them by way of assistance, together with interest thereon as from the date on which the Exchequer contribution was paid:

Provided that—

(a) the provisions of this subsection shall not apply if

the liability of the owner to make repayment in respect of the breach of the condition has been duly waived in accordance with section 46(2) of this Act, or if and so long as the enforcement of that liability is duly suspended in accordance with that subsection;

(b) if the local authority show to the satisfaction of the

Secretary of State that, notwithstanding that they have taken afl practicable steps for the purpose, they have been unable to recover the whole or some part of any sum repayable to them by reason of the breach of the condition, the Secretary of State may remit the repayment of the whole or any part of the sum repayable to him under this subsection.

(5) Where under section 47 of this Act any sum is repaid to the local authority in respect of any house, the authority shall be liable to repay to the Secretary of State in respect of each Exchequer contribution already made a sum bearing the same proportion to the amount of the Exchequer contribution as the sum (excluding interest) repaid to the authority bears to the sum paid by them by way of assistance, together with interest thereon as from the date on which the Exchequer contribution was paid.

(6) In this section " interest " means compound interest calculated at the prescribed rate and with yearly rests.

Other forms of financial assistance by local authorities

49.—(1) A local authority may, subject to such conditions as Power of local may be approved by the Secretary of State, advance money, authority to subject to the provisions hereinafter contained, to any person J^ke advances for the purpose of— * 'STof

(a) acquiring houses; housing

(b) constructing houses; acrommoda-

(c) converting into houses buildings which have been acquired by that person or acquiring buildings and converting them into houses; or

(d) altering, enlarging, repairing or improving houses;

whether the houses or buildings are within or outside the district of the local authority.

732

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Part II (2) Before advancing money under this section for the purpose specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) thereof the local authority shall satisfy themselves that the house or houses to be acquired is or are, or will be made, in all respects fit for human habitation, and before advancing money under this section for any of the purposes specified in paragraphs (b) to (d) of the said subsection (1) the authority shall satisfy themselves that the house or houses to be constructed, altered, enlarged, repaired or improved or into which the building or buildings is or are to be converted, as the case may be, will, when the construction, alteration, enlargement, repair, improvement or conversion has been completed, be in all respects so fit

(3) The following provisions shall have effect with respect to an advance under this section:—

(a) the advance, together with interest thereon, shall be

secured by a bond and disposition in security of lands with which the advance is concerned, or by an assignation in security of such a lease of those lands as is mentioned in paragraph (/) of this subsection;

(b) the amount of the principal of the advance shall not

exceed, in the case of a house or houses to be acquired, the value of the subjects disponed or assigned in security, and, in any other case, the value which it is estimated the subjects disponed or assigned in security will bear when the construction, conversion, alteration, enlargement, repair or improvement has been carried out;

(c) the bond and disposition or assignation in security may

provide for repayment being made either by instalments of principal or by an annuity of principal and interest combined, so however that—

(i) in the event of any of the conditions subject to which the advance is made not being complied with, the balance for the time being unpaid shall become repayable on demand by the local authority, and

(ii) the said balance may in any event be repaid at any term of Whitsunday or Martinmas by the debtor after one month’s written notice of intention to repay has been given to the authority;

(d) where the advance is for any of the purposes specified in paragraphs (b) to (d) of subsection (1) of this section it may be made by instalments from time to time as the works of construction, conversion, alteration, enlargement, repair or improvement progress;

(e) the advance shall not be made except after a valuation duly made on behalf of the local authority;

733

Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Ch. 31

Act 1968

(/) no advance shall be made unless the estate or interest Part II in the lands proposed to be disponed or assigned in security is either ownership or a lease of which a period of not less than ten years in excess of the period fixed for the repayment of the advance remains unexpired on the date on which the assignation in security is granted.

In this subsection any reference, in relation to an advance, to a bond and disposition in security shall include a reference to a bond and such other deed of heritable security as may be agreed between the parties making and receiving the advance.

(4) An advance under this section may be made in addition to assistance given by the local authority in respect of the same house under any other Act or any other provision of this Act.

50.—(1) A local authority may, in accordance with proposals Power of local in that behalf made by them and approved by the Secretary authority to of State, guarantee the repayment to a building society within 8uarantee the meaning of the Building Societies Act 1962 or a society ^vances* by registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act building 1965 of any advances, with interest thereon, made by the society societies, to any of its members for the purpose of enabling them to * and build or acquire houses, whether within or outside the district ^atr^butions of the authority. to loss thereby

(2) Where, on the submission to the Secretary of State by a incurred, local authority of proposals under this section, the Secretary 1962 c. 37. of State is satisfied that the proposed guarantee extends only1965 c*12-to the principal of, and interest on, the amount by which the sum to be advanced by the society in question exceeds the sum which would normally be advanced by it without the guarantee of the authority, and that the liability under the guarantee of the authority cannot be greater than two-thirds of that principal and interest, the Secretary of State, if he approves the proposals, may, with the consent of the Treasury, undertake to make to the authority an Exchequer contribution of not more than one-half of any loss sustained by them under the terms of the guarantee.

51.—(1) A local authority may if they think fit give assistance Power of local in respect of the provision of a separate service pipe for a house authority in their district which has a piped supply of water from a water to ns?*?1 in main, but no separate service pipe. of^parate

(2) Subject to this section, the assistance shall be by way of 8®rvic^water making a grant in respect of all or any part of the expenses incurred in the provision of the separate service pipe.

(3) If the local authority are themselves the local water authority (as defined in section 5(4) of the Water (Scotland) Act 1946 c. 42. 1946) by whom water will be supplied by means of the separate

734 Ch. 31 Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Part II service pipe, and themselves provide or assist in providing the separate service pipe, they may, instead of, or in addition to, making a grant under subsection (1) of this section, remit all or any part of the expenses incurred by them in providing the separate service pipe, being expenses which would otherwise be recoverable from a person having an interest in the house.

(4) The reference to expenses in subsection (2) of this section includes, in a case where all or any part of the works required for the provision of the separate service pipe are carried out by a local water authority as defined as aforesaid (whether in exercise of default powers or in any other case), a reference to sums payable by the owner of the house, or any other person, to the local water authority for carrying out the works.

Miscellaneous and general

Loans by 52.—(1) The Public Works Loan Commissioners may, sub-

Public ject to the provisions of this section, lend money to any person

Commis^oners ^titled to any land either as owner or as lessee under a lease for provision or of which a period of not less than fifty years remains unexpired improvement at the date of the loan for the purpose of constructing or im-of housing proving, or facilitating or encouraging the construction or accommoda- improvement of, houses, and any such person may borrow from n’ the Public Works Loan Commissioners such money as may be

required for the purposes aforesaid.

(2) A loan for any of the purposes specified in subsection (1) of this section shall be secured with interest by a heritable security over the land and houses in respect of which that purpose is to be carried out and over such other land and houses, if any, as may be offered as security for the loan.

(3) Any such loan may be made whether the person receiving the loan has or has not power to borrow on bond and disposition in security or otherwise, independently of this Act, but nothing in this Act or the principal Act shall affect any regulation, statutory or otherwise, whereby any company may be restricted from borrowing until a definite portion of capital is subscribed for, taken or paid up.

(4) The following conditions shall apply in the case of any such loan:—

(a) the period for repayment shall not exceed forty years;

(b) no money shall be lent on the security of any land or

houses unless the estate or interest therein proposed to be burdened is either ownership or a lease of which a period of not less than fifty years remains unexpired at the date of the loan;

735

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

(c) the money lent shall not exceed such proportion as is part n hereinafter authorised of the value, to be ascertained to the satisfaction of the Public Works Loan Commissioners, of the estate or interest in the land or houses proposed to be burdened in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section; but loans may be made by instalments from time to time as the building of houses or other work on the land so burdened progresses, so, however, that the total loans do not at any time exceed the amount aforesaid; and the heritable security may be granted accordingly to secure such loans so to be made from time to time.

(5) The proportion of such value as aforesaid authorised for the purpose of the loan shall be three-fourths:

Provided that if the loan exceeds two-thirds of such value as aforesaid, the Public Works Loan Commissioners shall require, in addition to such heritable security as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, such further security as they may think fit

53.—(1) For the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Application Act relating to improvement grants and to standard grants, a of Part II to tenant crofter, landholder or statutory small tenant shall be^™^f" deemed to be the owner of any house, dwelling, building or other16 land on his farm, croft or holding if in respect of the execution thereon of improvement works or, as the case may be, of works which comprise the provision of any of the standard amenities he would, on the termination of his tenancy, be entitled to compensation under the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1949 1949 c. 75. or the Crofters (Scotland) Acts 1955 and 1961 or the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts 1886 to 1931 (as the case may be) as for an improvement.

(2) A tenant, crofter, landholder or statutory small tenant shall, for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to grants by local authorities for the provision of new houses for the agricultural population, be deemed to be the owner of any house on his farm, croft or holding in respect of which he would, on the termination of his tenancy, be entitled to compensation under the Agricultural Holdings (Scodand) Act 1949 or the Crofters (Scodand) Acts 1955 and 1961 or die Small Landholders (Scodand) Acts 1886 to 1931 (as the case may be) as for an improvement

(3) Where by virtue of subsection (1) of this section an improvement giant or a standard grant is made, or where assistance is given under section 44 of this Act to a crofter, a landholder or a statutory small tenant in respect of a house or

736

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Part II dwelling on his croft or holding, the local authority shall forthwith intimate to the landlord of the croft or holding that an improvement grant or a standard grant has been so made or that assistance has been so given, as the case may be, and shall inform him of the amount thereof.

(4) If at any time within the period during which conditions are required by section 30 of this Act (including that section as applied by section 43 thereof), or by section 45 of this Act, to be observed with respect to a house or dwelling provided on a farm, croft or holding otherwise than by the landlord thereof compensation becomes payable in respect of the house or dwelling, or of any works (being improvement works or, as the case may be, works comprising the provision of any of the standard amenities) executed in relation thereto, as for an

a improvement unde;* the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act

9 c* 75‘ 1949 or the Crofters (Scotland) Acts 1955 and 1961 or the

Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts 1886 to 1931 (as the case may be), so much of the value of the house or dwelling or works as is attributable to the sum paid by way of improvement grant or standard grant, or by way of assistance under section 44 of this Act, as the case may be, shall be taken into account in assessing the compensation so payable and shall be deducted therefrom.

(5) The landlord of a farm, croft or holding on which there is a house or dwelling with respect to which conditions are for the time being required to be observed by virtue of section 30 of this Act (including that section as applied by section 43 thereof), or of section 45 of this Act, shall not at any time within the period during which those conditions are so required to be observed be entitled to obtain any consideration by way of rent or otherwise in respect of so much of the value of the house or dwelling, or of any works (being improvement works or, as the case may be, works comprising the provision of any of the standard amenities) executed in relation thereto, as is attributable to the sum paid by way of improvement grant or standard grant, or by way of assistance under section 44 of this Act, as the case may be.

Power of Secretary of State to make regulations.

54. The Secretary of State may by statutory instrument make regulations prescribing anything required or authorised by this Part of this Act to be prescribed:

Provided that regulations under this section, other than regulations made for the purposes of section 33(1) of this Act, shall not be made except with the consent of the Treasury.

737

Housing C Financial Provisions) (Ch. 31

Act 1968

Part III

General Financial Provisions Abolition or reduction of Exchequer contributions

55.—(1) The Secretary of State may by order direct that, while the order remains in force, such Exchequer contributions as may be specified in the order—

(a) shall cease to be payable, or

(b) shall be reduced to such rate or amount as may be

specified in the order, or

(c) shall be payable for such reduced number of years as

may be so specified,

either as respects all approved houses, or the cost of such houses or of the sites thereof, or as respects approved houses of such description or in such area only, or the cost of such houses or of the sites thereof, as may be specified in the order.

(2) In this section—

(a) the expression "approved houses" means approved houses within the meaning of section 1 of tins Act and approved houses within the meaning of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1962; and

(b) the expression " Exchequer contributions " means—

(i) in relation to approved houses of the former class. Exchequer contributions payable under any of the enactments mentioned in Schedule 8 to this Act, so far as such Exchequer contributions are payable to a local authority, and

(ii) in relation to approved houses of the latter class. Exchequer contributions payable under Part I of the said Act of 1962.

(3) An order made under this section shall be so expressed as to apply only to approved houses the proposals in respect of which were or are received by the Secretary of State after such date as may be specified in the order; and an order may specify for the purposes of this subsection a day earlier than the day of the making of the order:

Provided that—

(a) in the case of an order made before 10th May 1977, so far as relating to approved houses within the meaning of section 1 of this Act, the order shall not for the purposes of this subsection specify a day earlier than the day on which the draft of the order is laid before the Commons House of Parliament under subsection

(4) of this section;

2 A

Power of Secretary of State to abolish or reduce certain kinds of Exchequer contribution.

1962 c. 28.

738

Part III

Power of Secretary of State to reduce Exchequer contributions under s. 35.

Payment and receipt of certain Exchequer contributions

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

(b) an order shall not be made in relation to approved houses within the meaning of the said Act of 1962 before 3rd July 1972.

(4) The power to make orders conferred on the Secretary of State by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and an order shall not be made under this section unless a draft thereof has been laid before the Commons House of Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of that House, and before laying such a draft the Secretary of State shall consult with such associations of recipient authorities (within the meaning of section 1 of this Act) as appear to him to be concerned and with any recipient authority with whom consultation appears to him to be desirable.

56. —(1) The Secretary of State may from time to time by order provide, as respects improvement grants made under Part II of this Act in pursuance of applications approved by local authorities after such date as may be specified in the order, for reducing the proportion of the annual loan charges referable to the amount of any such grant by reference to which the amount of Exchequer contributions under section 35 of this Act are to be computed:

Provided that the said proportion shall not be reduced to less than two-thirds.

(2) An order under this section providing for reducing the proportion of the annual loan charges referred to in subsection

(1) of this section shall provide for reducing to a corresponding extent, in relation to improvement grants made as mentioned in the said subsection, the proportion of any sum required by section 35(4) of this Act to be paid to the Secretary of State.

(3) The power to make orders conferred on the Secretary of State by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and an order shall not be made under this section unless a draft thereof has been laid before the Commons House of Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of that House; and before laying such a draft the Secretary of State shall consult with such associations of local authorities as appear to him to be concerned and with any local authority with whom consultation appears to him to be desirable.

Provisions as to payment of Exchequer contributions, etc.

57. —(1) Exchequer contributions falling to be made—

(a) to a local authority under any of the enactments specified in Schedule 5 to this Act, or under any enactment in this Act (other than section 19 thereof), or

739

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

(b) to the Scottish Special Housing Association under section Part in 93 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 or section 23 1950 c. 34. of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) 1957 c. 38. Act 1957 or section 26 of this Act, shall be, and shall be deemed always to have been, payable at such times and in such manner as the Treasury may direct and subject to such conditions as to records, certificates, audit or otherwise as the Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury, impose.

(2) It shall be a condition of the right of a local authority to receive any Exchequer contribution payable to them under any of the enactments mentioned in Schedule 8 to this Act that the authority shall carry to the credit of their housing revenue account any amount which falls to be carried by them to the credit of that account by virtue of paragraph 1(4) of Schedule 7 to this Act.

58.—(1) The Secretary of State may, in any of the circumstances mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, reduce the amount of any Exchequer contributions, being Exchequer contributions falling to be made under any of the enactments specified in Schedule 6 to this Act in respect of a particular subsidised unit, or suspend or discontinue the payment of such Exchequer contributions or part thereof, as he thinks just in those circumstances.

Power of

Secretary of

State to

reduce,

suspend,

discontinue

or transfer

particular

Exchequer

contributions.

(2) Where such Exchequer contributions fall to be made to a local authority in respect of a subsidised unit in relation to which an annual grant is payable by the authority to a development corporation or a housing association, then, if the amount of the Exchequer contributions is reduced or the payment of the Exchequer contributions or part thereof is suspended or discontinued under this section, the authority may reduce the annual grant to a corresponding or any less extent or suspend the payment thereof, or of a corresponding part thereof, for a corresponding period or discontinue the payment thereof, or of a corresponding part thereof, as the case may be.

(3) The circumstances referred to in subsection (1) of this section are—

(a) that the Exchequer contributions fall to be made to a

local authority and the Secretary of State is satisfied that the authority have failed to discharge any of their duties under the Housing (Scotland) Acts 1950 to 1965 or the principal Act or this Act or that they have failed to exercise any power mentioned therein in any case where any such power ought to have been exercised;

(b) that the subsidised unit was provided by a development corporation or a housing association in pursuance of authorised arrangements made with a local authority

2 A 2

740

Part III

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

or special arrangements made with the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State is satisfied that the development corporation or housing association have made default in giving effect to the terms of any such arrangements;

(c) that the Exchequer contributions fall to be made subject

to any conditions and the Secretary of State is satisfied that any of those conditions has not been complied with;

(d) that the subsidised unit has been converted, demolished

or destroyed;

(e) that the subsidised unit is not fit to be used or has

ceased to be used for the purpose for which it was intended;

(/) that the subsidised unit has been sold or has been leased for a stipulated duration exceeding twelve months;

(g) that the subsidised unit has been transferred, whether by sale or otherwise.

(4) Where the Secretary of State’s power under subsection (1) of this section to discontinue the payment of the whole or part of any Exchequer contributions falling to be made to a recipient authority in respect of a particular subsidised unit becomes exercisable in the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (/) or paragraph (g) of subsection (3) of this section and the subsidised unit has become vested in or has been leased to another recipient authority, then, if the Secretary of State exercises that power he may make to that other authority Exchequer contributions of the like amount as he would otherwise have made to the first-mentioned authority if the conditions (if any) subject to which the first-mentioned Exchequer contributions fell to be made had been complied with.

(5) In this section—

" the subsidised unit " means the house, hostel or other land in respect of which Exchequer contributions fall to be made, whether they fall to be made in respect of it or its site or in respect of land comprising it or in respect of the cost of any houses, or of the acquisition of any land, comprising it;

and the provisions of section 12 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of sections 1 to 10 of this Act, except that references in this section to special arrangements made by a housing association with the Secretary of State shall include also references to arrangements which the Secretary of State may have made with a housing

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31 741

Act 1968

association for the provision of houses with a view to their Part III approval under any Act passed before the Housing (Financial 1957 c. 20. Provisions, &c.) (Scotland) Act 1967.

59.—(1) Where under any of the enactments mentioned in Effect on subsection (2) of this section (being provisions in pursuance of certain which payments may be made by local authorities by way of JSSeSrina financial assistance in connection with the provision or improve- "0 be available ment of housing accommodation) a periodical payment would, as such, apart from this section, have fallen to be made on or after 1st January 1951 in respect of a house to any person other than a local authority, that payment shall not be made if, before the making thereof, the Secretary of State is satisfied that, during the whole or the greater part of the period to which the payment is referable, the house has not been available as a dwelling fit for human habitation:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent the making of a periodical payment in respect of any house if the Secretary of State is satisfied that the house could not with reasonable diligence have been made available, during the whole or the greater part of the period to which the payment is referable, as a dwelling fit for human habitation.

Any question as to the period to which any payment is referable shall be determined for the purposes of this subsection by the Secretary of State.

(2) The enactments referred to in subsection (1) of this section are—

section 2 of the Housing, &c. Act 1923, 1923 c. 24.

sections 1 and 2 of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act 1926,1926 c. 56. section 100 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950. 1950 c. 34.

(3) Where the power or duty of a local authority to make any payment is wholly or partly discharged by virtue of subsection

(1) of this section, the Secretary of State may make such consequential reductions as he thinks appropriate in any Exchequer contributions payable to the authority.

Accounts

6%.—(1) Every local authority shall keep an account (to Tho housing be called " the housing revenue account ") of the income and revenue expenditure of the authority in respect of— account.

(a) all houses and other buildings which have been provided at any time after 12th February 1919 under—

(i) Part III of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1925. or 1925 c. 15.

2 A 3

742 Part m

1950 c. 34. 1935 c. 41.

1949 c. 61.

1954 c. 50.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

(ii) any enactment relating to the provision of housing accommodation for the working classes repealed by that Act, or

(iii) Part V of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950,

or

(iv) Part VII of the principal Act;

(b) all land which at any time after the said date has been acquired or appropriated for the purposes of any of the enactments mentioned or referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection, or which is deemed to have been acquired under Part III of the said Act of 1925 by virtue of section 15(4) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1935;

(c) all dwellings in respect of which the Secretary of State

has undertaken to make an Exchequer contribution to the local authority under section 35 of the said Act of 1935;

(d) all dwellings provided or improved by the local authority

in accordance with improvement proposals approved by the Secretary of State under—

(i) section 2 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1949,

or

(ii) section 105 of the said Act of 1950, or

(iii) section 13 of this Act;

and all land acquired or appropriated by the authority for the purpose of carrying out such proposals;

(e) all houses approved by the Secretary of State for the

purposes of—

(i) section 4 of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 1954, or

(ii) section 19 of this Act;

if) such other houses as the local authority with the consent of the Secretary of State may from time to time determine.

(2) Where a house is for the time being vested in a local authority by reason of the default of any person in carrying out die terms of any arrangements under which assistance in respect of the provision, reconstruction or improvement of the house has been given under any enactment relating to housing, the house shall be deemed for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section to be a house which has been provided by the authority under Part VII of the principal Act

743

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

(3) Notwithstanding subsection (1) of this section, a building provided or converted for use as a hostel or as part of a hostel and approved by the Secretary of State for the purposes of section 27(1) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1949 or section 89(1) of the Housing (Scodand) Act 1950 or section 21(1) of this Act shall not be included amongst the buildings in respect of which the local authority are required by subsection (1) of this section to keep a housing revenue account:

Provided that if at any time the Secretary of State is satisfied that the building has ceased to be used as a hostel or as part of a hostel he may direct that it shall be so included.

(4) The provisions of Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect as respects the keeping by a local authority of the housing revenue account

61.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, every local authority shall for the purpose of equalising so far as practicable the annual charge to their revenue in respect of the repair, improvement and maintenance of houses, buildings and dwellings in respect of which the housing revenue account is to be kept, keep an account (to be called "the housing repairs account ") and shall in each financial year carry to the credit of that account from the housing revenue account in respect of each house, building and dwelling such amount as they may think proper, not being less than eight pounds, and such amount, if any, as may be necessary to make good any deficit shown in the housing repairs account at the end of the last preceding financial year.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, moneys standing to the credit of the housing repairs account shall be applied only in meeting expenses incurred in respect of the repair, improvement and maintenance of the houses, buildings and dwellings in respect of which the housing revenue account is to be kept

(3) If at any time it appears to the Secretary of State, after consultation with the local authority, that the moneys standing to the credit of the housing repairs account are more than sufficient for the purposes for which the account is to be kept or that it is no longer necessary for the account to be kept, he may give such directions as he thinks proper for the reduction of the amounts to be credited to the account or the suspension of the carrying of credits thereto, or for the closing of the account and the application of any moneys standing to the credit thereof, as the case may be.

2 A 4

Part HI

1949 c. 61.

1950 c. 34.

The housing

repairs

account

744

Part in

The housing equalisation account.

Temporary application of moneys in housing accounts.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (

Act 1968

62.—(1) Every local authority shall, if they think it desirable for the purpose of equalising the income of the housing revenue account derived from Exchequer contributions payable to them under any of the enactments mentioned in Schedule 8 to this Act over any period during which loan charges required to be debited to the housing revenue account will be payable, keep an account (to be called " the housing equalisation account '*) and shall, if they keep such an account, carry to the credit of that account from die housing revenue account such sums, and shall apply an amount equal to the sums so credited in such manner, as may be prescribed.

(2) Where a local authority close their housing equalisation account, they shall carry to the credit of their housing revenue account any sums standing to the credit of their housing equalisation account when it is closed.

63.—(1) An amount equal to any moneys standing to the credit of the housing repairs account or the housing equalisation account of a local authority, and not for the time being required for the purposes for which they will ultimately be applicable, may be used by the authority for the purpose of any statutory borrowing power possessed by them subject to the conditions specified in subsection (2) of this section, and so far as not so used shall be invested temporarily in any security in which trustees are for the time being authorised by law to invest, and an amount equal to the income from such investment shall be credited to the account.

(2) The conditions subject to which moneys may be used as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be the following, that is to say—

(a) the moneys so used shall be repaid to the account out of the county or burgh fund within the period, and by methods, within and by which a loan raised under the statutory borrowing power would be repayable:

Provided that the local authority shall repay to the account the moneys so used or the balance thereof for the time being outstanding, as the case may be, as and when required for the purposes of the account, and may make such repayment at any time within the period aforesaid, and in either case the repayment shall be made out of the said fund or out of moneys which would have been applicable to the repayment of a loan if raised under the statutory borrowing power;

745

Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Ch. 31

Act 1968

(b) in the accounts of the county or burgh fund an amount Part m

equal to interest (calculated at such rate as may be determined by the local authority to be equal as nearly as may be to the rate of interest which would be payable on a loan raised under the statutory borrowing power) on any moneys so used shall be credited to the account and debited to the branch of expenditure for the purpose for which the moneys are so used;

(c) the statutory borrowing power shall be deemed to be

exercised by such use as fully in all respects as if a loan of the same amount had been raised in exercise of the power, and the provisions of any enactment as to the re-borrowing of sums raised under the statutory borrowing power shall apply accordingly.

Borrowing by local authorities

64. Without prejudice to any power of borrowing conferred Power of local

on them by any other enactment, a local authority may borrow authorities to

money for the purposes of— ,

purposes of

(a) the following provisions of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950, namely, sections 100 and 104 and Part VII;

1950 c. 34.

(b) the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections

13. 15, 17, 18. 24, 27 to 32,34 to 38. 48,49 and 52.

Government payments and receipts

65*—(1) Except in so far as otherwise expressly provided in Government this Act, there shall be paid out of money provided by payments Parliament— and receipts.

(a) all sums payable and all expenses incurred by the Secre-

tary of State under this Act; and

(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act

in the sums payable out of money so provided under any other enactment.

(2) Except in so far as otherwise expressly provided in this Act, there shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund—

(a) any receipts of the Secretary of State under this Act;

and

(b) any other sums falling to be so paid in consequence

of any of the provisions of this Act.

2 A*

746

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Pro(Scotland)

Act 1968

Part IV Supplemental

66. The following provisions of the principal Act shall apply as if references therein to that Act included references to this Act, that is to say—

section 1 (definition of local authority for purposes of Act),

section 2 (power of local authority to appoint committee),

section 5 (determination of unfitness of house for human habitation),

section 165 (power of local authority to issue local bonds),

section 183 (except paragraphs ( ) to (g) of subsection (1) thereof) (power of entry for survey, etc.),

section 184 (penalty for obstructing execution of Act),

section 191 (authentication of orders, etc., by local authority),

section 193(1) (default of local authority),

sections 196 to 198 (provisions regarding orders, forms and regulations),

sections 200 to 202 (provisions regarding exercise of functions by Secretary of State).

67.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, and except in so far as the context otherwise requires, expressions used in this Act and in the principal Act have the same meaning in this Act as in that Act.

(2) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

"development corporation" means a development cor-1968 c. 16. poration within the meaning of the New Towns

(Scotland) Act 1968;

" Exchequer contribution " means a payment (other than a payment by way of advance or loan) which the Secretary of State is required or authorised by or under this Act, or any Act relating to housing passed before the commencement of this Act, to make for housing purposes;

Application of provisions of Housing (Scotland) Act 1966.

Interpretation.

747

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

" financial year ", in relation to a local authority, has the part IV same meaning as in section 174 of the Local Govern-1947 c. 43. ment (Scotland) Act 1947;

"Highlands and Islands" means the area comprising the counties of Argyll, Caithness, Inverness, Ross and Cromarty, Sutherland, Orkney and Zetland, but excluding any large burgh;

" loan charges " means, in relation to any borrowed moneys, the sums required for the payment of interest on those moneys and for the repayment thereof either by instalments or by means of a sinking fund;

"the principal Act" means the Housing (Scotland) Acti966c.49. 1966.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as including a reference to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by or under any other enactment including, unless the context otherwise requires, this Act.

68.—(1) Without prejudice to section 70 of this Act, any Construction reference in any provision of this Act to, or to things donereferences or falling to be done under, this Act or the principal Act or the Act» Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 or the Housing (Scotland) Act 1959 c. 34. 1925 or any provision of any of those Acts shall, in so far as 1925 c. 15I the context permits, be construed as including, in relation to times, circumstances and purposes in relation to which the enactments repealed by this Act or by the principal Act or by the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 or by the Housing (Scotland)

Act 1925, or the corresponding provision of any of those enactments, had effect, a reference to, or to things done or falling to be done under, those enactments or, as the case may be, that corresponding provision:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in relation to section 60 of, or Schedule 7 to, this Act.

(2) Nothing in this section or section 69 or section 70 of this Act shall be taken as affecting the general application of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 with regard to the effect of 1889 c. 63. repeals.

69. The principal Act shall have effect subject to the amend- Consequential ments specified in Schedule 9 to this Act, being amendments amendment consequential on the provisions of this Act. (Scodand)8

Act 1966.

2 A 2*

748

Part IV

Repeals and savings.

1967 c. 20.

1950 c. 34. 1925 c. 15.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

70.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enactments mentioned in Schedule 10 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in relation thereto in column 3 of that Schedule.

(2) The repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not affect—

(a) any order, regulation, rule or other instrument made or

having effect as if made under that enactment, or

(b) any agreement, application, approval, condition, deter-

mination, undertaking or other thing made, given, imposed or done, or having effect as if made, given, imposed or done, under that enactment,

and any such instrument or other thing shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, continue in force and so far as it could have been made, given, imposed or done under this Act, have effect, and be treated, as if made, given, imposed or done under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) The repeal by this Act of any enactment re-enacted in this Act shall not affect any existing undertaking or other liability to make a periodical or other payment after the commencement of this Act, and the provisions of this Act shall apply so as to require that payment to be made under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(4) The repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not affect the saving contained in section 11(1) of the Housing (Financial Provisions, &c.) (Scotland) Act 1967 in relation to the enactments repealed by the said section 11(1) and mentioned in Schedule 3 to the said Act.

(5) So much of any enactment or other document as refers expressly or by implication to any enactment repealed by this Act or by the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 or by the Housing (Scotland) Act 1925 shall, in so far as the context permits and as may be necessary to preserve the effect of the first-mentioned enactment or other document, be construed as referring, or (as the case may require) as including a reference, to this Act or the corresponding enactment therein.

(6) The repeal by this Act of any provision of any Act shall not affect the application of that provision to any other provision of that Act which is not repealed by this Act.

749

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

71.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the expiration of a period of three months beginning with the date on which it is passed.

(3) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

2 A 3*

Part IV

Short title, commencement and extent.

750

Sections 3,10.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

SCHEDULES SCHEDULE 1 Determination of Cost of Sith

1. For the purposes of this Act the cost of a site shall be taken to be—

(a) if the site was acquired by a local authority under any enactment relating to housing, the expenses incurred by the authority in connection with the acquisition;

(b) if the site was acquired by a local authority otherwise than under any such enactment, such amount as the Secretary of State may determine, having regard to die purposes for which the site was acquired, the expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition, the time elapsed since the acquisition and the use made of the site before its appropriation for housing purposes;

(c) if the site was acquired by a recipient authority other than

a local authority, either of the following, as the Secretary of State may determine, having regard to the matters mentioned in sub-paragraph (b) of this paragraph, that is to say—

(i) the expenses incurred by the recipient authority in connection with the acquisition; or

(ii) the value of the site as certified by the Secretary of State.

2. For the purposes of this Act, any question as to—

(a) what constitutes a separate site, or

(b) on what part of such a site any building has been erected, or

(c) how much of any expenses incurred by a local authority

in connection with the acquisition of any land is to be attributed to any site forming part only of the land, shall be determined by the Secretary of State.

3. For the purposes of any determination under sub-paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule—

(a) where two buildings are contiguous to each other, or are

separated from each other by a street only, the two buildings shall, if the Secretary of State thinks proper, be deemed to be on the same site; and

(b) where any land has been acquired in connection with the provision of a building and has been or is to be used for the purpose of a new street to which the building is or will be contiguous, that land shall be deemed to form part of the site of the building.

4. In this Schedule—

" building " includes any land appertaining to a building and any land appropriated for the purposes of a building which has not been erected; and

"street" includes a public highway and any court, alley, passage or square, whether a thoroughfare or not.

Sections.

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

SCHEDULE 2

Ascertainment of additional Exchequer Contributions for Houses provided by Local Authorities with Special Financial

Difficulties

Part I Interpretation

1. In this Schedule—

(a) " relevant financial year." in relation to any house, means the

financial year preceding that in which the house was completed;

(b) references in relation to a local authority to the product of a rate of a specified sum are references to the product of a rate of that sum in the pound for the district of the local authority for the relevant financial year, and section 9(1) of the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 19 & 3 c. 12. 1963 shall apply for the purpose of calculating that product

Part n

Calculation of Exchequer contribution

2. —(1) A comparison shall be made between—

(a) the total of the amounts carried to the credit of the local authority's housing revenue account, as adjusted in accordance with this paragraph, for the relevant financial year (in this paragraph referred to as the " credits ")• and

(b) the total of the amounts carried to the debit of that account, as adjusted as aforesaid, for that year (in this paragraph referred to as the " debits ").

(2) For the purposes of the comparison required by sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph—

(a) it shall be assumed that in the credits, for the income for the

relevant financial year from rents in respect of the houses to which die said account relates and any amounts carried to the credit of the account for that year under sub-paragraphs (4) and (5) of paragraph 1 of Schedule 7 to this Act, there has been substituted an amount equal to the local authority's total housing valuation for the relevant financial year multiplied by the fraction determined in respect of the relevant financial year by the Secretary of State in accordance with Part IV of this Schedule;

(b) there shall be excluded from the debits any expenditure by way of rebates from rents;

(c) there shall be excluded from the debits any surplus shown in

the account at the end of the relevant financial year and from the credits any surplus brought forward from the account for the immediately preceding financial year.

(3) If it appears to the Secretary of State that any amount, or part of any amount, carried to the credit or to the debit of the local authority's housing revenue account for the relevant financial year ought to be left out of account for the purposes of the comparison required is aforesaid, he may, after consulting the authority, direct

2 A 4*

752

Sea. 2 1954 c. 13. 1966 c. 51.

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

that for the purposes of that comparison the said amount or part of that amount shall be excluded from the credits or from the debits, as the case may be.

3. If on the comparison required as aforesaid being made there is a deficit, the amount of that deficit shall be reduced by the amount which bears to that deficit—

(a) in the case of any house completed before the first day of the financial year commencing in 1968, the same proportion as the amount of the exchequer equalisation grant payable to the local authority for the relevant financial year under the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1954 bears to the authority's relevant local expenditure as certified by the Secretary of State to have been estimated under the said Act of 1954 according to the latest estimate made before the end of the relevant financial year; and

(b) in the case of any house completed on or after the first day of the financial year commencing in 1968, the same proportion as the amount of the resources element of the rate support grant payable to the local authority for the relevant financial year under the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966 bears to the authority's relevant local expenditure as certified by the Secretary of State to have been estimated according to the latest estimate made before the end of the relevant financial year, as calculated for the purposes of Part II of Schedule 1 to that Act in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 4 and 5 of the said Part II,

and where the amount of the deficit as so reduced exceeds the product of a rate of two shillings and sixpence, the Secretary of State shall pay to the authority an additional Exchequer contribution, the amount of which shall be determined according to the following Table—

Tablb

Where the amount of the local

authority's reduced deficit—

exceeds the product of a rate of two shillings and sixpence but not of a rate of three shillings and sixpence

exceeds the product of a rate of three shillings and sixpence but not of a rate of four shillings and sixpence

exceeds the product of a rate of four shillings and sixpence but not of a rate of five shillings and sixpence

exceeds the product of a rate of five shillings and sixpence but not of a rate of six shillings and sixpence

exceeds the product of a rate of six shillings and sixpence

Amount of additional Exchequer contribution—

fifteen pounds

thirty pounds

forty-five pounds

sixty pounds

seventy-five pounds

753

Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

4. —(1) This paragraph applies to any house completed on or sen. after the first day of the financial year commencing in 1967.

(2) Paragraph 3 of this Schedule shall apply to any house to which this paragraph applies, but as if for the references to the sum of two shillings and sixpence and to each of the sums listed in column 1 of the Table there were substituted respectively references to each of those sums adjusted by—

(a) dividing by the estimated aggregate product of a penny rate for the areas of all local authorities for the relevant financial year or, where that year was not a year of revaluation, for the last preceding year of revaluation, and

(b) multiplying by the said estimated aggregate for the financial year commencing in 1965.

and rounded off to the nearest penny.

(3) In sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, " year of revaluation "

has the same meaning as in section 9 of the Valuation and Rating 1956 c. 60. (Scotland) Act 1956.

5. For the purposes of the calculations required by this Part of this Schedule to be made in relation to any local authority for any financial year there shall be used such accounts, whether provisional or final, of the authority (being accounts for that financial year) as the Secretary of State may direct; and if provisional accounts are used nothing in this Part of this Schedule shall be taken to require the making of any recalculation on the final accounts becoming available.

Part III

Ascertainment of total housing valuation for the relevant financial year

6. For the purposes of this Schedule a local authority’s total housing valuation for any relevant financial year shall be ascertained in accordance with this Part of this Schedule.

7. There shall be ascertained—

(a) the aggregate of the gross annual values of all the houses to which the local authority’s housing revenue account related at the end of the relevant financial year, and

(b) the aggregate of the gross annual values of all the houses to which the local authority’s housing revenue account related at the end of the financial year immediately preceding the relevant financial year:

Provided that in ascertaining the said aggregates there shall be excluded such part of the gross annual value of any house as may be certified by the assessor to be attributable to any garage provided otherwise than by the local authority.

8. The amounts ascertained under paragraph 7 of this Schedule shall be added together and their sum shall be divided by two; and the result shall be the local authority’s total housing valuation for the relevant financial year.

754

Sen. 2

1956 c. 60.

Ch. 31 Housing {Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

9. Where, by reason of a change in the areas of local authorities, houses are transferred from one local authority to another local authority, the Secretary of State may, having regard to the gross annual values of the houses and the date and circumstances of their transfer, direct that such other method of calculation as he may consider appropriate shall be used for the purposes of this Part of this Schedule in lieu of the method of calculation specified in the two last foregoing paragraphs.

10. Any reference in this Part of this Schedule to the gross annual value of a house to which a local authority’s housing revenue account related at the end of any financial year shall be construed as a reference to the gross annual value of that house, determined under section 6 of the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act 1956. as shown in the valuation roll in operation on the first day of the financial year immediately following the financial year in question; so however that if no gross annual value determined as aforesaid is shown for that house in that valuation roll the reference shall be construed as a reference to such value as may be estimated by the assessor to be the gross annual value, determined as aforesaid, of the house.

11. References in this Part of this Schedule to the assessor, in relation to any house, are references to the assessor appointed under section 1 of the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act 1956, for the area in which the house is situated.

Part IV

Determination of fraction referred to in paragraph 2(2X«) of this Schedule

12. —(1) The Secretary of State shall estimate—

(a) the aggregate of the total amounts carried to the credit of

the housing revenue accounts of all local authorities for the relevant financial year,

(b) the aggregate of the total amounts carried to the debit of those accounts for that year, and

(c) the aggregate of the total housing valuations of all local

authorities for that year.

(2) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragaph—

(a) it shall be assumed that in the credits, for the income for the relevant financial year from rents in respect of the houses to which the said accounts relate and any amounts carried to the credit of the accounts for that year under sub-paragraphs (4) and (5) of paragraph 1 of Schedule 7 to this Act, there has been substituted an amount equal to one-third of the aggregate of the Exchequer contributions payable to the said authorities for that year under any of the enactments mentioned in Schedule 8 to this Act;

(b) sub-paragraphs (2Xb) and (c) and (3) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall apply in like manner as they apply for the purposes of the comparison required by sub-paragraph (1) of the said paragraph.

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31 755

Act 1968

13. The amount by which the estimated aggregate of the debits Sch. 2 referred to in head (b) of paragraph 12(1) of this Schedule exceeds the estimated aggregate of the credits referred to in head (a) of the said paragraph 12(1) shall be expressed as a fraction of the estimated aggregate of the total housing valuations referred to in head (c) of the said paragraph 12(1).

SCHEDULE 3 Sections 30-34*

, ~ 36*38.43.

Conditions to be Observed with respect to Dwellings provided or improved with the Help of Improvement Grants or Standard

Grants

1. The dwelling shall not be used for purposes other than those of a private dwelling-house.

For the purposes of this paragraph, a dwelling shall not be deemed to be used for purposes other than those of a private dwelling-house by reason only that part thereof is used as a shop or office, or for business, trade or professional purposes.

2. All reasonable steps shall be taken to secure the maintenance of the dwelling so as to be in all respects fit for human habitation.

3. The dwelling shall at all times at which it is not occupied—

(a) by the applicant for the grant or a member of his family;

or

(b) where the applicant is a trustee within the meaning of the

Trusts (Scotland) Act 1921, by a person who under the 1921 c. 58. trust is interested in the dwelling or the proceeds of sale thereof, or by a member of the family of such a person; or

(c) by a person who on the death of the applicant has (whether

or not in consequence of a disposition by will) become beneficially entitled to, or to an interest in, the interest of the applicant in the dwelling or in the proceeds of sale thereof, or by a member of the family of such a person; or

(d) by a member of the agricultural population in pursuance of

a contract of service and otherwise than as a tenant;

be let or kept available for letting;

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to a dwelling held upon trust for any charitable purpose within the meaning of the Income Tax Act 1952 so long as it is occupied or kept available 1952 c. 10, for occupation for that purpose.

4. Subject to the provisions of subsections (4) and (5) of section 32 of this Act, the rent payable by a tenant of the dwelling shall not exceed—

(a) in a case where a maximum rent with respect to the dwelling has been fixed under subsection (1) of the said section 32, the amount thereof;

756

Soil 3

1954 c. 50. 1957 c. 25.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

(b) in any other case, and subject to the provisions of section 32(3) of this Act. an amount equal to the aggregate of—

(i) the rent at which the dwelling was last let before the improvement works were begun, and

(ii) a sum calculated at a rate per annum not exceeding the appropriate percentage of the fraction of the approved expense of executing the improvement works or of the approved proportion of that expense (according as the works were for the improvement of a single dwelling or of two or more dwellings) that fell to be borne by the applicant for the grant; and

(iii) any sum recoverable in respect of the dwelling by way of repairs increase or by way of 1957 Act increase (other than any such sum included in the rent referred to in head (i) above).

and no fine, premium or other like sum shall be taken in addition to the rent In this paragraph—

" appropriate percentage " means, in a case where the application for the grant was made before 3rd July 1962. eight per cent. and. in a case where the application was made on or after that date, twelve and one half per cent;

"repairs increase" has the same meaning as in the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 1954; and

" 1957 Act increase " has the same meaning as in the Rent Act 1957.

5. The owner of the dwelling shall, on being required so to do by the local authority, certify that the conditions specified in paragraphs 1. 3 and 4 of this Schedule are being observed with respect to the dwelling, and any tenant of the dwelling shall, on being so required in writing by the owner, furnish to him such information as he may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling him to comply with this condition.

6. In the event of a tenant assigning his interest in, or otherwise parting with the possession of, the dwelling, it shall not be lawful for any person in consideration thereof to make any payment other than rent or for the tenant to receive, direcdy or indirectly, any such payment

7. Where the dwelling is occupied for the time being by a member of the agricultural population in pursuance of a contract of service, then if that contract is determined—

(a) by less than four weeks* notice given by the employer, or

(b) by dismissal of the employee without notice, or

(c) by the death of either party,

the employer or his personal representative shall permit the employee (or, in the case of his death, any person residing with him at his death) to continue to occupy the dwelling free of charge from the determination of the contract until the expiration of a period of

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

four weeks beginning with the date on which the notice is given or, if the contract is determined otherwise than by notice, with the date on which it is determined.

In this paragraph " occupied " means occupied otherwise than by a tenant, and " occupy " shall be construed accordingly.

SCHEDULE 4

Conditions to be Observed with respect to Houses provided with Assistance under Section 44

1. The house shall be so maintained as to be in all respects fit for human habitation.

2. Subject to the provisions of section 45(2) of this Act, the house shall not be occupied otherwise than by a member of the agricultural population.

3. The house shall not be let at a rent exceeding—

(a) except in such a case as is mentioned in head (b) of this

paragraph, the rent fixed by the local authority at the time when they approved the application for assistance;

(b) in a case to which paragraph 9 of Schedule 3 to the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act 1956 applies, the rent so fixed reduced by virtue of the said paragraph 9.

4. Where the house is occupied for the time being by a member of the agricultural population in pursuance of a contract of service, then if that contract is determined—

(a) by less than four weeks* notice given by the employer,

(b) by dismissal of the employee without notice, or

(c) by the death of either party,

the employer or his personal representative shall permit the employee (or, in the case of his death, any person residing with him at his death) to continue to occupy the house free of charge from the determination of the contract until the expiration of a period of four weeks beginning with the date on which the notice is given or. if the contract is determined otherwise than by notice, with the date on which it is determined.

In this paragraph "occupied* means occupied otherwise than by a tenant, and " occupy * shall be construed accordingly.

5. The owner of the house shall from time to time, on being so required by the local authority, furnish to the authority a certificate to the effect that the conditions specified in this Schedule are being observed with respect to the house, and any tenant of the house shall, on being so required in writing by the owner, furnish to him such information as he may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling him to comply with this condition.

757

Sch. 3 Sections 45-48,

1956 c. 60.

758

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (

Act 1968

SCHEDULE 5 Enactments Referred to in Section 57(1)

The Housing, Town Planning, See. (Scotland) Act 1919.

(9 & 10 Geo. 5 c. 60.

The Housing, &c. Act 1923.

(13 & 14 Geo. 5 c. 24.

The Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1924.

(14 & 15 Geo. 5 c. 35.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1925.

(15 & 16 Geo. 5 c. 15.

The Housing (Rural Workers) Acts 1926 to 1942.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1930.

(20 & 21 Geo. 5 c. 40.

The Housing (Rural Authorities) Act 1931.

(21 & 22 Geo. 5 c. 39.

The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1933. (23 & 24 Geo. 5 c. 16.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1935.

(25 & 26 Geo. 5 c. 41.

The Housing (Agricultural Population) (Scotland) Act 1938. (1 & 2 Geo. 6 c. 38.

The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1938.

(2 & 3 Geo. 6 c. 3.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1950.

(14 Geo. 6 c. 34.

The Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957. (5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

Sections 2 and 3.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1962.

(10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 28.

Parti.

SCHEDULE 6 Enactments Referred to in Section 58(1)

The Housing, Town Planning, &c. (Scotland) Act 1919. (9 & 10 Geo. 5 c. 60.

Sections 5 and 16.

Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( )

Act 1968

The Housing, &c. Act 1923.

(13 & 14 Geo. 5 c. 24.

Sections 1 and 3.

The Housing (Rural Workers) Act 1926. (16 & 17 Geo. 5 c. 56.

Section 4.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1930. (20 & 21 Geo. 5 c. 40.

Section 23.

The Housing (Rural Authorities) Act 1931. (21 & 22 Geo. 5 c. 39.

Section 1.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1935. (25 & 26 Geo. 5 c. 41.

Sections 26, 30 and 35.

The Housing (Agricultural Population) (Scotland) Act 1938. (1 & 2 Geo. 6 c. 38.

Section 1.

The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1938. (2 & 3 Geo. 6 c. 3.

Sections 1 and 2.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1950.

(14 Geo. 6 c. 34.

Sections 84 to 88.89(3) and (4), 91,93,104,105,110 and 121.

The Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957. (5 & 6 Eliz. 2 c. 38.

Sections 2, 3 and 23.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1962. (10 & 11 Eliz. 2 c. 28.

Sections 1 to 7, 9, 12(3) and 14.

The Housing Act 1964. (1964 c. 56.

Section 92.

This Act

Part I, Part II (except sections 26 and 50) and section 58(4).

Ch. 31 759

Sch. 6

760

Sections 57, < 68, Schedule

1950 c. 34. 1962 c. 28. 1964 c. 56.

1957 c. 38.

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

SCHEDULE 7 Thb Housing Revenue Account

1.—<1) In each financial year a local authority shall cany to the credit of the housing revenue account amounts equal to—

(a) the income receivable by the local authority for that year

from rents and feuduties in respect of houses and other property to which the account relates;

(b) any Exchequer contributions payable to the local authority for that year under any of the enactments mentioned in Schedule 8 to this Act, together with any Exchequer contributions payable to them under section 87(2) or 87(4) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 or under section 9(2) or 9(4) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1962 or under section 92(2), as read with section 92(10), of the Housing Act 1964;

(c) any payments received by the local authority from another

local authority in pursuance of any overspill agreement within the meaning of Part II of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957, being payments such as are mentioned in paragraph 2(g) of this Schedule;

(d) any contributions received by the local authority under section 101(1) of the Housing Act 1964, in so far as amounts equal to the expenditure towards which those contributions are made fall to be debited to the account.

(2) Where any house or other property to which the account relates has been sold or otherwise disposed of, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, an amount equal to any income of the local authority arising from the investment or other use of capital money received by the authority in respect of the transaction shall, unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs as respects the whole or any part of such income, be carried to the credit of the account in like manner as if it had been income from rents.

(3) An amount equal to the income (if any) of the local authority arising from an investment or other use of borrowed moneys in respect of which the authority are required under the following provisions of this Schedule to debit loan charges to the account shall be carried to the credit of the account in like manner as if it had been income from rents.

(4) Where in any financial year a deficit is shown in the account, the local authority shall carry to the credit of the account, in respect of that financial year, an amount equal to the amount of the deficit.

(5) In any financial year the local authority may carry to the credit of the account, in addition to the amounts required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, such further amounts, if any, as they may think fit

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31 761

Act 1968

2. In each financial year a local authority shall debit to the housing sch. 7 revenue account amounts equal to—

(a) the loan charges which the local authority are liable to pay for that year in respect of moneys borrowed by a local authority for the purpose of—

(i) the provision by them after 12th February 1919 of housing accommodation under Part III of the Housing 1925 c. 15. (Scotland) Act 1925, or under any enactment relating

to the provision of housing accommodation for the working classes repealed by that Act, or under Part V of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950, or under Part VH 1950 c. 34. of the principal Act; or

(ii) the execution of works in respect of which the Secretary of State has undertaken to make an Exchequer contribution under section 35 of the Housing (Scotland) 1935 c. 41.

Act 1935; or

(iii) the provision or improvement by them of dwellings in accordance with improvement proposals approved by

the Secretary of State under section 2 of the Housing 1949 c. 61. (Scotland) Act 1949 or under section 105 of the said Act of 1950 or under section 13 of this Act; or

(iv) the purchase of any houses approved by the Secretary of State for the purposes of section 4 of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 1954 or 1954 o. 50. section 19 of this Act, or the carrying out of works on

such houses;

(b) the taxes, feuduties, rents and other charges which the local authority are liable to pay for that year in respect of houses and outer property to which the account relates;

(c) the expenditure incurred by the local authority for that year

in respect of the supervision and management of houses and other property to which the account relates;

(d) the arrears of rent which have been written off in that year as irrecoverable;

(e) any amounts required to be credited by the local authority

for that year to a housing repairs account kept in accordance with section 61 of this Act;

(f) if the local authority keep a housing equalisation account in accordance with section 62 of this Act, any amounts required to be credited by the authority for that year to that account;

(g) any payments made by the local authority to another local authority or a development corporation in pursuance of any overspill agreement within the meaning of Part II of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957, being 1957 c. 38. payments towards expenditure which, if it had been incurred by the first-mentioned authority, would have been debited by them to their housing revenue account in pursuance of this paragraph.

762

Sch. 7

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

3. Where it appears to the Secretary of State that amounts in respect of any incomings or outgoings other than those mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule ought properly to be credited or debited to a housing revenue account, or that amounts in respect of any of the incomings and outgoings mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule which ought properly to have been credited or debited to the account have not been so credited or debited, or that any amounts have been improperly credited or debited to the account, he may, after consultation with the local authority, give directions for the appropriate credits or debits to be made or for the rectification of the account, as the case may require:

Provided that, in the case of incomings and outgoings other than those mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, directions under this paragraph may (instead of directing particular amounts to be credited or debited) direct generally that credits or debits shall be made in respect of incomings and outgoings of a kind specified in the direction.

4. Any surplus shown in a housing revenue account at the end of a financial year may be applied by the local authority, in whole or in part, in making good to the general rate fund any amounts credited to the account under paragraph 1(4) or 1(5) of this Schedule in any of the nine last preceding financial years, and, so far as not so applied, shall be carried forward in the account to the next financial year.

5. References in this Schedule to houses and other property to which the housing revenue account of a local authority relates shall be construed as references to houses, buildings, land and dwellings in respect of which the authority is required by section 60 of this Act to keep the account.

SCHEDULE 8

Enactments referred to in Sections 55, 57 and 62, and in Schedules 2 and 7

The Housing, Town Planning, &c. (Scotland) Act 1919.

(9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 60.

Section 5.

The Housing, &c. Act 1923.

(13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 24.

Section 1(1 )(b)and (3).

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1930.

(20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 40.

Section 23.

The Housing (Rural Authorities) Act 1931.

(21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 39.

Section 1.

763

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Ch. 31

Act 1968

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1935.

(25 A 26 Geo. 5. c. 41.

Part HI.

The Housing (Agricultural Population) (Scotland) Act 1938.

(1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 38.

Section 1.

The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1938.

(2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 3.

Section 1.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1950.

(14 Geo. 6. c. 34.

Sections 84 to 86, 88, 91 and 105.

The Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957.

(5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

Sections 2 and 3.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1962.

(10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 28.

Part I.

This Act Sections 2,4 to 10,13,19 and 58(4).

SCHEDULE 9

Consequential Amendment of Housing (Scotland) Act 1966

1. In section 74(4), for the words " section 19 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 or section 111 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950" there shall be substituted the words "section 40 or section 27 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

2. In section 74(8), for the words " section 75(3)(c) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 " there shall be substituted the words " section 49(3Xc) of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968 ",

3. In section 79(2), for the words " section 19 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 " there shall be substituted the words "section 40 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

4. In section 86(7), for the words " section 19 of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 " there shall be substituted the words "section 39 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968 ", and the words " transitional and other supplemental provisions, including " shall be omitted.

Sch. 8

Sections 68, 69. 1966 c. 49.

764

Sch. 9

Ch. 31 Housing ( Financial Provisions) (,

Act 1968

5. In section 145(6), for the words "Part I of Schedule 6 to the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 " there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 8 to the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968".

6. In section 146, for the words "section 137 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 ’* there shall be substituted the words " section 60 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968

7. In section 151(1), for the words "section 137 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950M there shall be substituted the words " section 60 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968".

8. In section 175(1) for the words " section 23(1) of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957 " there shall be substituted the words " section 1(3) of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968", and for the words "section 18(1X6) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "section 25(1X6) of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968".

9. In section 208(1), the definition of "Exchequer contribution" shall be omitted.

10. In section 210(2), for the words " the references in sections 177(1), 178(6), 183(lXa). 193(1), 196(1) and 197(1) of this Act" there shall be substituted the following words—

"the references in sections 1. 2. 177(1). 178(6), 183(1X«). 191. 192(4) and (6). 193(1), 196(1), 197(1), 200(1), 201, 202, 205 and 206 of this Act ";

and for the words " section 165(1) of this Act " there shall be substituted the words " sections 165(1) and 200(2) of this Act ".

11. In Schedule 9. the amendment of sections 137 and 138 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 and the amendment of section 29(2) of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 shall be omitted.

Housing (Financial Provisions) ( )

Act 1968

SCHEDULE 10

CH. 31

Section 70.

765

Enactments Rbpbaled

Session and Chapter

14 Geo. c. 34.

6.

Short Title

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1950.

Extent of Repeal

Section 1.

Section 75.

Sections 77 and 78. Sections 89 and 90. Section 92.

Section 109. Sections 111 to 119. Section 122.

In section 123, the words from " or arrangements * to " Part of this Act

In section 126, subsections (1), (3) and (4).

In section 127, subsections (3) and (4).

In section 128, subsections (2) and (3).

Section 130.

Section 132.

Sections 137 to 142.

Sections 167 and 168.

Sections 174 to 176.

Sections 182 and 183.

Schedule 6.

Schedule 8.

Schedule 10.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. The Housing (Scotland) and 1 Eliz. 2. Act 1952. c. 63.

In section 1, subsection (4).

Sections 3 and 4.

Sections 6 and 7.

In section 9, subsections (1) and (2), in subsection (3) the words " and subsection (6) of section one hundred and eleven of the principal Act*’ and the words "and, in the case of the said subsection (6), section three of this Act *', subsections (4) and (6).

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

The Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 1954.

Section 4.

Sections 9 to 11.

In section 43, the words "or section one hundred and sixteen or section one hundred and seventy of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950".

766

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Sch. 10

Session and Chapter

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 21.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2.

c. 25.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 28.

Short Title

The Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955.

The Rent Act 1957.

The Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957.

The House Purchase and Housing Act 1959.

The Housing (Scotland) Act 1962.

Extent of Repeal

In section 22(8), the words " and subsection (6) of section one hundred and eleven " and the words " and subsection (5) of section three of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1952 ".

In section 10(2), paragraph

Section 4.

In section 5, subsection (1).

Section 21.

In section 27(1), the words " or in Part I of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 1954 ".

In Schedule 1, paragraphs , 6, 8 and 10 to 12.

In section 3, in subsection (1) the words "and paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section seventy-five of the Act of 1950 ", and in subsection (2) the words "and of the said section seventy-five " and the words " which or of".

Sections 19 and 20.

Sections 22 to 24.

In section 25, the words 44 and section one hundred and ten of the Act of 1950 (which makes similar provision as respects Scotland) ".

In section 29, in subsection (1) in the definition of44 improvement grant " the words 44 or under section one hundred and eleven of the Act of 1950 ", and in subsection (2) the words 44 and, in Scotland, section 5 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966".

In section 31(1), the words from " and the Act of 1950 " to the end.

In section 32(4), the words " and Part II of the First Schedule thereto ".

In Schedule 1, Part n.

Section 8.

Sections 11 to 13.

Section 15.

In section 16, the words 44 and section one hundred and eighteen of the Act of 1950 (which relates to the increase of rent under Part VII of that Act in certain cases) ".

767

Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Ch. 31

Act 1968

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

10&llEliz.2. The Housing (Scotland) Sections 17 and 18.

c. 28.—contd. Act 1962—contd. In section 19, subsection (1). In section 32(1), paragraph (6) and the words " or, as the case may be, by whom it may be occupied *. In Schedule 4, paragraph 4, in paragraph 6 the words from " and Part I of the Sixth Schedule " to the end, paragraphs 32 to 34 and paragraph 36.

1964 c. 56. The Housing Act 1964. In section 11, subsection (2). Sections 45 to 49. Section 55. Sections 61 and 62. In section 63, subsection (2). In section 92, subsection (7), and, in subsection (10), paragraph (h). Section 96. In section 97, subsection (2). Section 99. Section 101(2). Section 103.

1965 c. 40. The Housing (Amendment) (Scotland) Act 1965. The whole Act.

1966 c. 49. The Housing (Scotland) Act 1966. In section 86(7), the words " transitional and other supplementary provisions, including ". In section 208(1), the definition of "Exchequer contribution*. In Schedule 9, the amendment of sections 137 and 138 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 and the amendment of section 29(2) of the House Purchase and Housing Act 1959.

1967 c. 20. The Housing (Financial Provisions. Ac.) (Scotland) Act 1967. In section 1, subsections (1) to (3). Sections 2 to 10. In section 11, in subsection (1) the words " The provisions of this section shall have effect with respect to annual contributions, and *, and subsections (2) to (6). Sections 12 to 15. In section 16, subsection (2).

768 Sch. 10

Ch. 31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1967 c. 20— contd. The Housing (Financial Provisions, Ac.) (Scotland) Act 1967— In section 17, in subsection (1) the definitions of " approved house *, " authorised arrangements made with a local authority " and " relevant financial year ", and subsection (2). In section 21(1), the wends from "so however" to the end. Schedules 1 and 2. Schedule 4,

In Schedule 5, paragraphs 5, 7 to 9, 12 and 13.

Ch. 32

769

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 32

An Act to authorise the provision of financial support, pursuant to schemes laid before Parliament, for industrial projects calculated to improve efficiency, create, expand or sustain productive capacity or promote or support technological improvements, and in that connection to extend the powers of the National Research Development Corporation and the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation; to make provision or further provision for financial support for certain other industrial projects and undertakings, and to amend section 7 of the Development of Inventions Act 1967; to modify section 1 of the Civil Aviation Act 1949 in relation to the purchase of the undertaking of Beagle Aircraft Limited and other transactions; to make further provision with respect to the supply powers of Ministers under the Ministry of Supply Act 1939 and to the exercise of functions by the Board of Trade; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[30th May 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Industrial investment schemes

1.—(1) There may be defrayed out of moneys provided by Provision of Parliament any expenditure of a competent authority pursuant to a scheme (in this Act referred to as "an industrial invest-investment ment scheme ") made under the following provisions of this Act. schemes.

(2) An industrial investment scheme may be made by a competent authority with die approval of the Treasury: but no

2 B

770

Ch. 32

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Contents of schemes.

such scheme shall be made unless a draft of the scheme has been laid before Parliament and approved by resolution of the House of Commons.

(3) For the purposes of this Act the competent authorities are the Minister of Technology, a Secretary of State, the Board of ' Trade, the Minister of Public Building and Works, the Minister of Transport, the Minister of Power, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Minister of Health.

2.—(1) An industrial investment scheme may be made by a competent authority for the purposes of any project which, in the opinion of that authority, is likely to benefit the economy of the United Kingdom, or any part or area of the United Kingdom, as being calculated—

(a) to improve the efficiency and profitability of an industry

or section of an industry;

(b) to create, expand or sustain productive capacity in an

industry or section of an industry; or

(c) to promote or support technological improvements in

the processes or products of an industry or section of an industry,

but would not be undertaken without such financial support as is authorised by this section.

(2) An industrial investment scheme may authorise a competent authority to provide financial support in any form for the purposes of a project to which the scheme relates, and in particular (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision) may authorise that authority for those purposes—

(a) to make loans or grants to such persons or bodies as may be determined by or under the scheme;

(b) to guarantee the repayment by such persons or bodies

of money borrowed by them or the payment of interest on such money;

(c) to underwrite the whole or part of any loss which may

be incurred by such persons or bodies in connection with the production of goods or the provision of services;

(d) to purchase goods from such persons or bodies or use or make arrangements for the use of services provided by them;

(e) to subscribe for or purchase by agreement shares in

any company specified or described in the scheme or to be formed pursuant thereto;

(/) to purchase by agreement the undertaking or any part of the undertaking of any such company.

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Ch. 32

771

(3) Financial support shall not be provided under an industrial investment scheme to any of the bodies specified in Schedule 1 to this Act nor, until the dissolution of the Shipbuilding Industry Board, to any person for the purpose of a shipbuilding undertaking within the meaning of the Shipbuilding Industry Act 1967, 1967 c. 40. and no such scheme shall authorise the subscription for or purchase of shares in any company (other than a company to be formed pursuant to the scheme) without the consent of the company.

(4) In this section " shares " include stock.

3.—(1) The power of a competent authority to make industrial General investment schemes shall include power to make, after such schemes and inquiry as the authority considers appropriate as to the conditions prevailing in any industry or section of an industry, a general scheme for the purposes of that industry or section authorising the provision, during such period as may be prescribed by the scheme, of financial support of such kinds and up to such amounts as may be specified in the scheme for industrial projects of any class so specified which may be undertaken within that industry or section.

(2) Any such general scheme may constitute for the industry or section concerned a board (in this Act referred to as an industry board) having the following functions, namely—

(a) to make recommendations to the competent authority.

in such cases as the board think proper, for the provision of financial support in accordance with the scheme;

(b) to undertake at the request and on behalf of the competent authority any administrative functions of that authority under the scheme or any corresponding functions of that authority under any other enactment in relation to the relevant industry or section.

(3) A scheme constituting an industry board may direct that Schedule 2 to this Act shall apply to the board, and subject thereto may regulate the composition of the board and make provision for purposes incidental and supplementary to its constitution and functions.

(4) In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons 1957 c. 20. Disqualification Act 1957 (bodies of which all members are disqualified under that Act), both in its application to the House

of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom and in its application to the Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland, there shall be inserted at the appropriate point in alphabetical order the words "An industry board constituted under the Industrial Expansion Act 1968".

2 B 2

772

Ch. 32

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Limits on expenditure under schemes.

(5) The expenses of an industry board, to such amount as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, shall be defrayed by the competent authority out of moneys provided by Parliament.

4.—(1) Every industrial investment scheme shall specify the aggregate amount of the expenditure which may be incurred by a competent authority thereunder, other than expenditure in fulfilling any guarantee of the payment of interest.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, the aggregate of the amounts so specified by industrial investment schemes for the time being in force and of expenditure of competent authorities under industrial investment schemes revoked shall not exceed £100 million.

(3) The Minister of Technology with the approval of the Treasury may by order of which a draft has been laid before and approved by resolution of the House of Commons, increase the limit of £100 million mentioned in subsection (2) above to such amount not exceeding £150 million as may be specified in the order.

Advisory and 5.—(1) The Minister of Technology may appoint an Advisory

administrative Committee for the purpose of advising him and other competent semces- authorities with respect to any such exercise of their functions under the foregoing provisions of this Act as they may refer to that Committee.

(2) The Minister may pay to or in respect of the members of an Advisory Committee appointed under this section such remuneration or allowances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

(3) An Advisory Committee appointed under this section shall consist of a chairman and not less than four nor more than eight other members.

(4) The members of any Advisory Committee appointed under this section shall include such members of the National Research Development Corporation and of the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation as the Minister may, after consultation with those Corporations respectively, from time to time determine; and the other members of that Committee shall be appointed from among persons who appear to the Minister to have wide experience of, and to have shown capacity in, industry, technology, commercial or financial matters, administration or the organisation of workers.

(5) Each of the said Corporations shall have power—

(a) to provide staff or facilities for the use of an Advisory

Committee appointed under this section;

(b) to undertake at the request and on behalf of any such Committee any investigation required for the purposes of the Committee;

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Ch. 32

773

(c) to undertake at the request and on behalf of a com* petent authority any negotiations with a view to the making of an industrial investment scheme or any administrative functions of that authority under such a scheme.

(6) The provisions of the Development of Inventions Act 1967 1967 c. 32. and of the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation Act 1966 1966 c. 50. relating to directions or approval by Ministers* finance, accounts

and audit and reports and information shall not apply to the National Research Development Corporation or the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation in respect of functions or expenditure under this section.

(7) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any expenditure of the Minister of Technology under

subsection (2) of this section;

(b) any expenses of an Advisory Committee appointed

under this section, to such amount as may be sane* tioned by the Treasury;

(c) any expenses under this section of the National Research Development Corporation or the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation.

6. An industry board constituted by a scheme shall be dissolved Dissolution of on such date as may be prescribed by the scheme; and the com-

petent authority may, by order subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, make such provision as appears to that authority to be necessary or expedient in consequence of or in connection with the dissolution of any such board.

7. —(1) Every competent authority shall, for each financial Reports on year, prepare a report on the exercise in that year of the func-schemes* tions of that authority under the foregoing provisions of this Act,

and shall lay the report before Parliament.

(2) Every industry board constituted by a scheme shall, within a period of four months after the end of each financial year and as soon as possible within that period, make a general report to the competent authority on the exercise by that board of their functions during that year; and a copy of each report made to a competent authority under this section shall be laid before Parliament by that authority together with such comments as that authority may think fit to make.

Other provisions for financial support

8. —(1) There may be defrayed out of moneys provided by Finance for Parliament any expenditure incurred by the Minister of Tech-Concorde nology under arrangements for providing financial support for proj^-

2 B 3

774

Ch. 32

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Finance for the Q.E. 2.

the production in the United Kingdom of the supersonic aircraft known as the Concorde, being arrangements made with the approval of the Treasury.

(2) Any such arrangements may provide for financial support to be provided by the Minister by making loans, giving guarantees in respect of money borrowed, or underwriting in whole or in part any losses which may be incurred in connection with the production of the said aircraft, or by any other method which the Minister considers appropriate.

(3) Loans made by the Minister under such arrangements as aforesaid shall be repayable, and guarantees given by him thereunder in respect of money borrowed shall expire, not later than 30th June 1979; and, subject to subsection (4) below, the aggregate of—

(i a) the principal outstanding at any time before that date in respect of loans so made;

(b) the amount for which, at any such time, the Minister

is liable under guarantees of the repayment of principal given by him under such arrangements; and

(c) any sums which, at any such time, have been paid by

the Minister pursuant to such guarantees of the repayment of principal and have not been repaid to him,

shall not exceed £100 million.

(4) The Minister of Technology with the approval of the Treasury may by order of which a draft has been laid before and approved by resolution of the House of Commons, increase the limit of £100 million mentioned in subsection (3) above to such amount not exceeding £125 million as may be specified in the order.

9.—(1) There may be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any expenditure of the Board of Trade, not exceeding £24 million, in making loans to the Cunard Steam-Ship Company Limited and Cunard Line Limited for purposes of or connected with the construction or introduction into service of the liner Queen Elizabeth 2.

(2) Any such loan to the Cunard Steam-Ship Company Limited shall carry interest at the rate of 4J per cent, per annum; and every such loan to Cunard Line Limited shall carry interest—

(a) until the expiration of three years from the date on

which the said liner is delivered to that company, at the said rate;

(b) thereafter, at such rate as the Board of Trade may with

the approval of the Treasury determine; and subject to the foregoing all such loans shall be made upon such terms and conditions as to repayments and otherwise as are agreed upon between the Board and the company concerned.

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Ch. 32

775

(3) The limit of £75 million referred to in subsection (6) of section 1 of the Shipbuilding Credit Act 1964 is hereby reduced 1964 c. 7. by £17-6 million (being the amount which was proposed to be lent under that Act for the purposes of that liner).

10. The following section shall be substituted for section 3 Amendment of of the Shipbuilding Industry Act 1967—

Grants in 3.—(l) if it appears to the Board that a person Act 1967.

vdth*reorga- carrying on a shipbuilding undertaking or a main 1967 c. 40. nisation of engine manufacturing undertaking is putting, or has resources. put, into effect a reorganisation of the resources used by him for the purpose of canying on that undertaking and that the reorganisation is likely to lead, or has led, to increased efficiency in the use of those resources for that purpose, the Board may, subject to the provisions of this section, make grants to that person for the purposes of that undertaking generally or for such purposes of that undertaking as the Board thinks fit.

(2) Any grant under this section shall require the approval of the Minister.

(3) Grants made under this section shall not together exceed £20 million.

11. In subsection (2) of section 7 of the Development of Exchequer Inventions Act 1967 (limit on loans by the Minister of Tech- advances to nology to the National Research Development Corporation) N.R.D.G for the words " £25 million " there shall be substituted the words 1967 c. 32. "£50 million ".

Statutory powers of Ministers

12. The proviso to subsection (1) of section 1 of the Civil Modification Aviation Act 1949 (which excludes from the functions of the of ?• \ of civil Minister under that section the production of civil aircraft by ACU949

the Minister) shall not apply to anything to be done— 1949 c

(a) by or on behalf of the Minister of Technology pursuant

to or in consequence of an agreement for the purchase by him of the undertaking of Beagle Aircraft Limited made on 12th December 1966, or any variation of that agreement whether made before or after the passing of this Act;

(b) by or on behalf of that Minister or the Board of Trade

under any of the foregoing provisions of this Act.

13. Subsections (1) to (3) of section 6 of the Supplies Supply

and Services (Transitional Powers) Act 1945 (temporary provi- powers of sions extending the statutory powers of Minister of Supply) Muusters-shall cease to have effect; and the Ministry of Supply Act 1939 &

shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in Schedule : '

3 to this Act, being amendments re-enacting those provisions with1939 c' 38, minor modifications and additions but without limit of time.

2 B 4

776

Ch. 32

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Functions of Board of Trade.

Payments into Exchequer.

Statutory

instruments.

Powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland.

1920 c. 67.

Short title and repeals.

14. —(1) Anything authorised or required by or under this Act or any other enactment, whether passed before or after this Act, to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, to or before the President of the Board or any person acting with his authority.

(2) In this section " enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

Supplemental

15. There shall be paid into the Exchequer any sums received by the Minister of Technology, the Board of Trade or any other competent authority—

(a) by way of repayment of principal or payment of

interest on loans made under this Act or any scheme thereunder;

(b) in respect of fees or other charges in connection with the

provision of financial support thereunder;

and any other sums so received by virtue of this Act or any such scheme.

16. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act to make a scheme or order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(2) A scheme or order under any provision of this Act may be revoked or varied by a subsequent scheme or order under that provision.

17. For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920, this Act shall, so far as it relates to matters within the power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, be deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning of that section.

18. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Industrial Expansion Act 1968.

(2) The enactments and instruments described in Schedule 4 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule.

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Ch. 32

777

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Bodies not bligiblb for Financial Support under Industrial Investment Schemes

The British Railways Board.

The British Steel Corporation.

A publicly-owned company within the meaning of the Iron and Steel Act 1967.

The London Transport Board.

The British Transport Docks Board.

The British Waterways Board.

The British Overseas Airways Corporation.

The British European Airways Corporation.

The British Airports Authority.

The National Coal Board.

An Area Electricity Board.

The North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board.

The South of Scotland Electricity Board.

The Central Electricity Generating Board.

The Electricity Council.

The Electricity Board for Northern Ireland.

An Area Gas Board.

The Gas Council.

SCHEDULE 2

Industry Boards Incorporation and status

1. Every industry board (in this Schedule referred to as the Board) shall be a body corporate having perpetual succession and a common seal.

2. Premises occupied by the Board shall be deemed, for the purposes of any rate on property, to be property occupied by or on behalf of the Crown for public purposes; but, save as aforesaid, the Board shall not be regarded as the servant or agent of the Crown or as enjoying any status, immunity or privilege of the Crown or as exempt from any tax, duty, levy or other charge whatsoever, and its property shall not be regarded as the property of, or property held on behalf of, the Crown.

Membership

3. The Board shall consist of a chairman appointed by the competent authority and such number of other members so appointed as may be prescribed by the scheme constituting the Board.

4. A member of the Board shall hold and vacate his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall, on ceasing to hold his office, be eligible for reappointment.

2 B*

Section 2.

1967 c. 67.

Section 3.

778

Ch. 32

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Sch. 2 5. Any member of the Board may at any time by notice in writing

to the competent authority resign his office.

6. If the competent authority is satisfied that a member of the Board—

(a) has been absent from meetings of the Board for a period

longer than three consecutive months without the permission of the Board; or

(b) has become bankrupt or made an arrangement with his creditors; or

(c) is incapacitated by physical or mental illness; or

(d) is otherwise unable or unfit to discharge the functions of a member,

the competent authority may declare his office as a member of the Board to be vacant and shall notify the fact in such manner as the authority thinks fit; and thereupon the office shall become vacant.

7. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland, for the references in the last foregoing paragraph to a member's having become bankrupt and to a member's having made an arrangement with his creditors there shall be substituted respectively references to sequestration of a member's estate having been awarded and to a member's having made a trust deed for behoof of his creditors or a composition contract.

8. The competent authority may if it thinks fit, after consultation with the chairman, appoint one of the other members of the Board to be deputy chairman.

Remuneration

9. The Board shall pay to its members such salaries or fees and such allowances as the competent authority with the approval of the Treasury may determine; and where a member of the Board is in the employ of any other person the Board may make to that other person in consideration of the services to the Board of that member such payments as the competent authority with the like approval may determine.

10. The Board shall, as regards any members in whose case the competent authority may so determine with the approval of the Treasury, make provision for, or pay to or in respect of them, such pensions or gratuities as may be so determined.

11. If a person ceases to be a member of the Board and it appears to the competent authority that there are special circumstances which make it right that that person should receive compensation, the competent authority with the approval of the Treasury may require the Board to pay to him a sum of such amount as the competent authority with the like approval may determine.

12. The competent authority shall, as soon as possible after the first appointment of any person as a member of the Board, lay before each House of Parliament a statement of the sums that are or will be payable to or in respect of that member under paragraph 9 of this Schedule; and if any subsequent determination by the competent authority under that paragraph involves a departure from the terms

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Ch. 32

779

of that statement, or if the competent authority makes a determina- Sea. 2 tion under paragraph 10 or 11 of this Schedule, the competent authority shall, as soon as possible after the determination, lay a statement before each House of Parliament of the sums that are or will be payable in consequence of that determination.

Staff

13. The Board shall pay to the persons employed by it such remuneration as the competent authority may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

14. The Board shall, in the case of such persons employed by it as the competent authority with the approval of the Treasury may determine, pay to or in respect of them such pensions or gratuities, or make such payment towards the provision of pensions or gratuities, as may be so determined.

Proceedings

15. The validity of any proceedings of the Board shall not be affected by any vacancy among the members or by any defect in the appointment of any member.

16. The quorum of the Board and the arrangements relating to meetings of the Board shall be such as the Board may determine.

17. A member of the Board who is in any way directly or indirectly interested in a transaction or project of the Board shall disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Board; and the disclosure shall be recorded in the minutes of the Board, and the member shall not take any part in any deliberation or decision of the Board with respect to that transaction or project

18. The fixing of the seal of the Board shall be authenticated by the signature of the secretary of the Board or of some other person authorised either generally or specially by the Board to act for that purpose.

19. Any document purporting to be a document duly executed under the seal of the Board shall be received in evidence and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be a document so executed.

2B2*

780

Ch. 32

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Section 13. 1939 c. 38.

1965 c. 4.

SCHEDULE 3

Amendments of Ministry of Supply Act 1939

1. The following shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section 2 (general powers of Minister): —

(1) The Minister shall have power to acquire, produce or process articles required for the public service or articles to be exchanged for such articles; to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of any such articles or any government surplus materials: to store and transport any such articles and materials; and to do all such things (including the erection of buildings and the execution of works) as appear to the Minister necessary or expedient for the exercise of the foregoing powers.

2. At the end of section 2 there shall be added the following subsection: —

(4) Without prejudice to his powers of inspection under subsection (1) of this section, the Minister may, at the request of the parties concerned, carry out or supervise the carrying out of any inspection for the purposes of or in connection with the production of any articles where the inspection can conveniently be carried out or supervised by him in connection with the exercise of his functions.

3. The following shall be substituted for section 19 (interpretation):—

19. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them that is to say—

" articles " includes substances;

" articles required for the public service " means—

(i) articles required for the purpose of the dis-

charge of its functions by any government department (including a department of the Government of Northern Ireland), by the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority or any Research Council within the meaning of the Science and Technology Act 1965;

(ii) articles required for the defence of any part

of the Commonwealth, including any

territory under Her Majesty’s protec-

tion or in which She has jurisdiction, or for the maintenance or restoration of peace and security in any part of the world or for any measures arising out of a breach or apprehended breach of peace in any part of the world;

(iii) articles required by any international organisation of which the United Kingdom is a member or (where the relevant international agreement so provides) by any other member of such an organisation;

Industrial Expansion Act 1963

Ch. 32

781

(iv) articles which in the opinion of the Minister would be essential for the needs of the community in the event of war;

(v) articles for supply to a person carrying on an

undertaking which includes the production of articles of that or any other description where that person requests the Minister to supply those articles and the Minister is satisfied that the supply will serve the interests of the community;

(vi) anything which, in the opinion of the Minister, is or is likely to be necessary for or in connection with the production of any such articles as aforesaid,

and " works required for the public service * shall be construed accordingly;

"government surplus materials" means surplus articles of any government department (including a department of the government of Northern Ireland), and surplus articles of the government of any country outside the United Kingdom to be disposed of by Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom in pursuance of an agreement between those governments;

"the Minister" means the Minister of Technology or other Minister of the Crown within the meaning of the Ministers of the Crown (Transfer of Functions) Act 1946 in whom functions under this Act are vested by any Order in Council under that Act.

2 B 3*

Sch. 3

1946 c. 31.

782

Ch. 32

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Section 18.

SCHEDULE 4 Repeals

Acts

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

6 & 7 Geo. 5. The Registration of Business Section 20.

c. 58. Names Act 1916.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. The Importation of Plumage Section 2(6).

c. 16. (Prohibition) Act 1921.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. The Merchandise Marks Act Section 11.

c. 53. 1926.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Trade Marks Act 1938. Section 67.

c. 22. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Essential Commodities In section 5(3) the words

c. 51. Reserves Act 1938. from "and" onwards.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Ministry of Supply Act Section 3.

c. 38. 1939.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Import, Export and Section 8(3).

c. 69. Customs Powers (Defence) Act 1939.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Trading with the Enemy Section 11(2).

c. 89. Act 1939.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Supplies and Services Section 6(1) to (3).

c. 10. (Transitional Powers) Act 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Borrowing (Control and Section 2, except as respects

c. 58. Guarantees) Act 1946. any loan for which a guarantee under that section is in force at the commencement of this Act.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Cotton (Centralised Section 26.

c. 26. Buying) Act 1947.

10&U Geo. 6. The Statistics of Trade Act Section 16.

c. 39. 1947.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Industrial Organisation Section 13.

c. 40. and Development Act 1947.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Cotton Spinning (Re- Section 7(2).

c. 31. equipment Subsidy) Act 1948.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Monopolies and Res- Section 19(2).

c. 66. trictive Practices (Inquiries and Control) Act 1948.

12, 13 & 14 The Cinematograph Film Section 10.

Geo. 6. c. 20. Production (Special Loans) Act 1949.

12, 13 & 14 The Distribution of German Section 6.

Geo. 6. c. 85. Enemy Property Act 1949.

12, 13 & 14 The Patents Act 1949. Section 96(1).

Geo. 6. c. 87.

12, 13 & 14 The Registered Designs Act Section 38(1).

Geo. 6. c. 88. 1949.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Cotton Act 1954. Section 5(3).

c. 24.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Atomic Energy Author- In Schedule 3, the paragraph

c. 32. ity Act 1954. amending section 19 of the Ministry of Supply Act 1939.

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Ch. 32

783

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Landlord and Tenant Section 62 so far as un-

c. 56. Act 1954. repealed.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 68. The Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956. Section 34.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Copyright Act 1956. Section 47(5).

c. 74.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 18. The Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957. Section 10.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 21. The Cinematograph Films Act 1957. Section 16.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 52. The Geneva Conventions Act 1957. Section 6(8).

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 6. 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 45. The Import Duties Act 1958. Section 14.

The Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act 1958. Section 24.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 47. The Agricultural Marketing Act 1958. Section 50.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Emergency Laws (Re- Section 3, except so far as it

c. 19. peal) Act 1959. amends section 6(4) of the Supplies and Services (Transitional Powers) Act 1945.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 48. The Cotton Industry Act 1959. Section 4(2).

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 18. The Local Employment Act 1960. Section 24.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 19. The European Free Trade Association Act 1960. Section 8.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Films Act 1960. Section 49.

c. 57.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 38. The Town and Country Planning Act 1962. Section 218.

1963 c. 15. The Fort William Pulp and Paper Mills Act 1963. Section 1(6).

1963 c. 16. The Protection of Depositors Act 1963. Section 24(1).

1963 c. 31. The Weights and Measures Act 1963. Section 56.

1964 c. 58. The Resale Prices Act 1964. In section 8(4) the words from "and in" to "to that Act ".

1964 c. 60. The Emergency Laws (Reenactments and Repeals) Act 1964. Section 17(1) and section 18.

1964 c. 61. The Animals (Restriction of Importation) Act 1964. Section 4.

1965 c. 4. The Science and Technology Act 1965. In Schedule 2, the entry relating to the Ministry of Supply Act 1939.

1965 c. 33. The Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965. Section 24(1).

1965 c. 47. The Merchant Shipping Act 1965. Section 4. 2 B 4* ^lC

784

Ch. 32

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1965 c. 50. The Monopolies and Mergers Act 1965. Section U(3Xc).

1965 c. 66. The Hire Purchase Act 1965. Section 57(2).

1965 c. 67. The Hire Purchase (Scotland) Act 1965. Section 53(2).

1966 c. 34. The Industrial Development Act 1966. Section 13(3).

1967 c. 27. The Merchant Shipping (Load Lines) Act 1967. Section 30(4).

1967 c. 33. The Air Corporations Act 1967. Section 32.

1967 c. 52. The Tokyo Convention Act 1967. Section 7(6).

1967 c. 64. The Anchors and Chain Cables Act 1967. Section 1(8).

1967 c. 81. The Companies Act 1967. Section 126.

1967 c. 84. The Sea Fish (Conservation) Act 1967. Section 21.

Instruments

Number Title Extent of Repeal

1939 No. 877. The Ministry of Supply (Transfer of Powers) (No. 1) Order 1939. Articles 1 to 4.

1939 No. 1298. The Ministry of Supply (Transfer of Powers) (No. 2) Order 1939. The whole Order.

1940 No. 762. The Minister of Aircraft Production (Transfer of Functions) Order 1940. The whole Order.

1946 No. 374. The Ministry of Aircraft Production (Dissolution) Order 1946. The whole Order.

1946 No. 378. The Transfer of Functions (Various Commodities) Order 1946. Article 5(8).

1952 No. 862. The Japanese Treaty of Peace Order 1952. Article 25.

1954 No. 1028. The Transfer of Functions (Ministry of Materials) Order 1954. Article 4.

1955 No. 876. The Transfer of Functions (Iron and Steel) Order 1955. Article 6.

1957 No. 1077. The Transfer of Functions (Misdescription of Fabrics) Order 1957. Article 3(1).

1959 No. 1768. The Minister of Aviation Order 1959. Article 3(1).

1959 No. 1827. The Service Departments Supply (No. 1) Order 1959. The whole Order.

Industrial Expansion Act 1968

Ch. 32

785

Number Title Extent of Repeal

1959 No. 1975. The Service Departments Supply (No. 2) Order 1959. The whole Order.

1965 No. 145. The Transfer of Functions (Shipping and Construct-tion of Ships) Order 1965. Article 3(5). Schedule 2.

1966 No. 741. The Transfer of Functions (Civil Aviation) Order 1966. Article 3(4).

1966 No. 1595. The Southern Rhodesia (Prohibited Trade and Dealings) Order 1966. Article 11(2).

786

Ch. 33

Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Amendment Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 33

An Act to make further provision as regards the imposition of duties of customs where goods have been dumped or subsidised, and as regards duties so imposed.

[3rd July 1968]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, with a view to affording better protection against dumping and subsidies affecting imported goods have freely and voluntarily resolved that such further provision as hereinafter appears shall be made for the imposition of certain duties; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power to

impose

retrospective

duties after

provisional

charge.

1957 c. 18.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an order imposing a duty of customs under the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957 on goods of any description may impose the duty for a period before the making of the order if during that period a provisional charge to the duty (or a greater duty) was imposed on goods of that description by an order made under that Act and remaining in force.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an order imposing on goods of any description a provisional charge to duty (in this Act referred to as a " preliminary order ") may be made under the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957 if at any time it appears to the Board of Trade, on the facts so far before them, that the conditions of section l(l)(a) or (b) of that

787

Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Ch. 33

Amendment Act 1968

Act as to the dumping or subsidisation of imports into the United Kingdom are fulfilled and that in the circumstances it is expedient to impose such a charge.

(3) A preliminary order, if not previously revoked, shall cease to have effect at the expiration of three months beginning with the date it comes into force, except in so far as it is extended by a further order made within that period, and in so far as it is so extended, shall cease to have effect at the expiration of six months beginning with that date.

(4) No duty shall be leviable by virtue only of a provisional charge imposed by a preliminary order; but the Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the operation of a preliminary order and as to the giving of security for duty which may become payable by reference to a preliminary order, and generally as to matters arising out of the imposition of a provisional or retrospective charge to duty by virtue of this section.

(5) A preliminary order (including an order extending a previous order) shall not be taken to be an order imposing or increasing a duty of customs for the purposes of section 13(3) and (4) of the Import Duties Act 1958 as they apply by virtue of 1958 c. 6. section 11(1) of the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) 1957 c. 18. Act 1957, and shall accordingly be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(6) The report made yearly by the Board of Trade under section 11(2) of the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies)

Act 1957 shall deal with orders under which a provisional charge to duty has operated during the year as orders under which duties have been chargeable during the year, and with any retrospective operation in relation to the preceding year of orders made during the year.

2.—(1) An order imposing a duty of customs, or a provisional Special charge to such a duty, shall not be made under the Customs Duties f88 f (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957 in respect of the dumping or q a T T. ° subsidisation of goods of any description as being goods which countries, originated in or were exported to the United Kingdom from a treaty country, unless the conditions mentioned in this section are fulfilled; but subsections (2) to (4) below shall not restrict the making of orders in other cases.

(2) An order imposing a duty of customs shall not be made unless the Board of Trade are satisfied that the effect of the dumping or of the giving of the subsidy either—

(a) is such as to cause or threaten material injury to an established industry in the United Kingdom, or such as to retard materially the establishment of an industry in the United Kingdom; or

788 Ch. 53 Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies)

Amendment Act 1968

(b) is such as to cause or threaten material injury to an established industry in another treaty country in which originate any like goods (that is, any identical or comparable goods) imported into the United Kingdom.

(3) An order imposing a provisional charge to duty shall not be made unless the facts so far before the Board of Trade indicate that the effect of the dumping or of the giving of the subsidy is such as to cause or threaten material injury to an established industry in the United Kingdom.

(4) An order shall not be made imposing a duty on goods of any description retrospectively by virtue of section 1(1) above, unless the Board of Trade are satisfied, as regards importations made during or before the period of the provisional charge, that the effect of the dumping or of the giving of the subsidy has been such as to cause material injury to an established industry in the United Kingdom.

(5) In this section " treaty country " means a country in relation to which Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom is for the time being bound under the provisions of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade concluded at Geneva in the year 1947.

1957 c. 18. (6) In the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957

the proviso to section 1(1) is hereby repealed.

Fair market 3.—(1) Section 7(3) of the Customs Duties (Dumping and

price. Subsidies) Act 1957 (which allows the fair market price of goods

in a country to be determined in certain circumstances by reference to the price obtained for goods exported from the country, or by reference to the cost or estimated cost of production with additions in respect of the selling cost and profit) shall be amended—

(a) by substituting for the words " selling cost " the words

" administrative, selling or other costs and

(b) by adding at the end of the subsection the words—

" The price by reference to which a determination is made under this subsection may be the highest admissible price, but should be a representative price ".

(2) Notwithstanding anything in section 7(2) or (3) of the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957, where it appears to the Board of Trade that the system of trading in a country is such, as a result of government monopoly and control, that there cannot appropriately be determined in accordance with that section a fair market price in the country for particular goods, then there shall be taken as representing that fair market price such price as the Board may determine by reference to any

Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Ch. 33

Amendment Act 1968

789

price obtained for goods of that description (that is to say, any identical or comparable goods) when exported to the United Kingdom from another country, with adjustments for the purpose of ensuring that the comparison to be made between the price arrived at as representing the fair market price and the export price is effectively a comparison between the prices on two similar sales.

4. —(1) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers Suspension conferred by sections 2 and 11(1) of the Customs Duties (Dumping of duties, and Subsidies) Act 1957, a duty imposed by an order under that I957 c. 18. Act may by a further order be removed (or varied) for any

period or periods, whether continuous or not.

(2) Where an order suspending a duty under the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957 by removing it for any period or periods is revoked in whole or in part by a subsequent order, then for purposes of section 13(3) and (4) of the Import1958 c* 6-Duties Act 1958 as they apply by virtue of section 11(1) of the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957 the subsequent order shall, as regards the annulment of the suspension, be deemed not to be an order imposing or increasing a duty of customs; and accordingly, unless for other reasons it requires to be approved by resolution of the Commons House of Parliament, it shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of that House.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Customs Duties (Dumping Short tide,

(2) The Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957 and extent, and this Act shall be construed as one, and may be cited together

as the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Acts 1957 and 1968.

(3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

and Subsidies) Amendment Act 1968.

citation,

construction

790

Section 1.

1952 c. 44.

1957 c. 18.

Ch. 33 Customs Duties {Dumping and Subsidies)

Amendment Act 1968

SCHEDULE

Supplementary Provisions as to Provisional Chargb to Duty and as to Retrospective Duties

1. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, a preliminary order shall, as regards the period for which it is in force, have the same operation (except that duty shall not be levied) as if the charge to duty had not been provisional; and the lapsing of the provisional charge on the revocation or expiration of the preliminary order shall not affect the liability to any penalty, forfeiture or prosecution in respect of things done during the period of the provisional charge.

2. —(1) Where any imported goods which are or may be subject to a provisional charge are entered for home use, whether on importation or from warehouse, then notwithstanding anything in paragraph 1 above or in the Customs and Excise Act 1952 delivery of the goods without payment of duty shall not be refused by reason of the provisional charge if the importer gives security to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise for the payment of any duty which may be retrospectively charged on the goods by reference to that provisional charge; and security shall be so given where payment of the duty provisionally charged would, if the duty were leviable, be required.

(2) Where security is given by virtue of this paragraph, the customs Acts as they apply by virtue of paragraph 1 above shall have effect as if the security were one given under section 255 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (security for duty not immediately ascertainable).

3. -y-(l) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph 1 above, the like relief in respect of a provisional charge to duty may be given by way of remission of the charge as if the charge were not provisional; and the amount of any relief given in respect of a provisional charge on any goods shall, if a duty is retrospectively charged on the goods by reference to that provisional charge,—

(a) be set off against the amount of the retrospective duty; and

(b) be treated as given on account of any corresponding relief from the retrospective duty.

(2) The power under section 4 of the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 1957 to provide for the allowance of drawback shall extend—

(< a) to providing for drawback in respect of a provisional charge to duty to be allowed by way of remission of the charge as if duty secured were duty paid; and

(b) to providing for drawback of retrospective duty to be allowed on the export of goods at any time after the coming into force of the preliminary order by reference to which the duty is charged.

Ch. 34

791

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 34

An Act to make further provision with respect to the welfare of livestock; to provide for additional payments for certain tenants of agricultural holdings who receive compensation for disturbance in respect of their holdings or whose land is acquired or taken possession of compulsorily or whose landlords resume possession of the land for non-agricultural purposes; to make further provision with respect to the termination of tenancies of agricultural holdings in Scotland acquired by succession; to make further provision for England and Wales with respect to drainage charges, drainage rates and grants and advances to drainage authorities; to provide for payments in respect of bacon and grants in respect of break crops and the supply of water to certain buildings; to make further provision with respect to the compensation of tenants of agricultural holdings whose land is acquired or taken possession of compulsorily; to amend section 3 of the Parks Regulation (Amendment) Act 1926, the Agricultural Wages Act 1948 and the Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act 1949, the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956 in its application to agricultural marketing boards, section 53(2) of the Agricultural Marketing Act 1958, section 1 of the Agricultural and Forestry Associations Act 1962, the Plant Varieties and Seeds Act 1964 and section 49 of the Agriculture Act 1967; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[3rd July 1968J

792

Ch. 34 Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Prevention of unnecessary pain and distress for livestock.

1876 c. 77.

Regulations with respect to the welfare of livestock.

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Welfare of livestock

1. —(1) Any person who causes unnecessary pain or unnecessary distress to any livestock for the time being situated on agricultural land and under his control or permits any such livestock to suffer any such pain or distress of which he knows or may reasonably be expected to know shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall apply to any act lawfully done under the Cruelty to Animals Act 1876 or to any thing done or omitted by or under the direction of any person in accordance with the terms of a licence issued by the Minister for the purpose of enabling that person to undertake scientific research.

2. —(1) The Ministers may, after consultation with such persons appearing to them to represent any interests concerned as the Ministers consider appropriate, by regulations make such provision with respect to die welfare of livestock for the time being situated on agricultural land as they think fit; and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section the regulations may in particular include provision—

(a) with respect to the dimensions and layout of accom-

modation for livestock, the materials to be used in constructing any such accommodation and the facilities by way of lighting, heating, cooling, ventilation, drainage, water supply and otherwise to be provided in connection with any accommodation;

(b) for ensuring the provision of balanced diets for live-

stock and for prohibiting or regulating the use of any substance as food for livestock and the importation and supply of any substance intended for use as food for livestock;

(c) for prohibiting the bleeding of livestock and the mutila-

tion of livestock in any manner specified in the regulations, and for prohibiting or regulating the use of any method of marking or restraining livestock or interfering with the capacity of livestock to smell, see, hear, emit sound or exercise any other faculty.

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

793

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by subsection (1) of this section, regulations under this section may—

(a) provide that a person who contravenes or fails to comply

with specified provisions of the regulations shall be guilty of an offence under this section;

(b) provide for exemptions, either subject to conditions

prescribed by the regulations or without conditions, from any provisions of the regulations; and

(c) contain such incidental and supplemental provisions as

the Ministers consider expedient for the purposes of the regulations.

(3) No regulations shall be made under this section unless a draft of the regulations has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

3.—(1) The Ministers may from time to time, after consultation with such persons appearing to them to represent any interests concerned as the Ministers consider appropriate,—

(a) prepare codes containing such recommendations with

respect to the welfare of livestock for the time being situated on agricultural land as they consider proper for the guidance of persons concerned with livestock; and

(b) revise any such code by revoking, varying, amending or

adding to the provisions of the code in such manner as the Ministers think fit.

(2) A code prepared in pursuance of this section and any alterations proposed to be made on a revision of such a code shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith after being prepared; and the code or revised code, as the case may be, shall not be issued until the code or the proposed alterations have been approved by both Houses.

(3) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, the Ministers shall cause every code prepared or revised in pursuance of this section to be printed, and may cause copies of it to be put on sale to the public at such a price as the Ministers may determine.

(4) A failure on the part of any person to observe a provision of a code for the time being issued under this section shall not of itself render that person liable to proceedings of any kind; but such a failure on the part of any person may, in proceedings against him for an offence under section 1 of this Act, be relied upon by the prosecution as tending to establish the guilt of the accused unless it is shown that he cannot reasonably be expected

Part I

Codes of recommendations for the welfare of livestock.

794

Ch. 34 Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part I

Expenditure on free advice on the welfare of livestock.

Extension of classes of operations in which

anaesthetics must be used.

1954 c. 46.

Powers of entry, etc.

1952 c. 60.

to have observed the provision in question within the period which has elapsed since that provision was first included in a code issued under this section.

4. Without prejudice to the generality of his powers to incur expenditure under the enactments relating to the eradication and prevention of diseases of animals, the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, spend such sums as he thinks fit on the giving of advice, free of charge, to persons concerned with livestock on matters relating to the welfare of livestock.

5. The Ministers may, after consultation with the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons and with such persons appearing to the Ministers to represent any other interests concerned as the Ministers consider appropriate, by order provide that paragraphs 7 and 8 of Schedule 1 to the Protection of Animals (Anaesthetics) Act 1954 (which exempt certain minor operations from the requirement to use anaesthetics imposed by that Act) shall not permit the performance, either in any circumstances or in such circumstances as may be specified in the order, of such operations as may be so specified.

6. —(1) A person duly authorised in writing by the Minister may at any reasonable time enter upon any land, other than premises used wholly or mainly as a dwelling, for the purpose of ascertaining whether an offence under this Part of this Act has been committed on the land.

(2) A person duly authorised in writing by a local authority may at any reasonable time enter upon any land, other than such premises as aforesaid, for the purpose of ascertaining whether an offence under this Part of this Act has been committed on the land, being an offence consisting of a contravention of or failure to comply with provisions of regulations made in pursuance of section 2(1X6) of this Act.

(3) A person authorised as mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this section to enter upon any land—

(a) shall if so required produce evidence of his authority

before entering and while present on the land; and

(b) may take with him on to the land such other persons as

he considers necessary.

(4) Any person authorised as aforesaid may take for analysis a sample of any substance which he finds on the land and which appears to him to be intended for use as food for livestock; and the provisions of subsections (2) to (7) of section 6 of the Agriculture (Poisonous Substances) Act 1952 (which relate to the dividing up, analysis and evidence of analysis of certain

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

795

samples) and subsections (1), (4) and (5) of seation 11 of that Part I Act (Scottish application of the said section 6) shall have effect in relation to a sample taken under this section as they have effect in relation to a sample taken under the said section 6 but as if for references to that Act, an inspector and such an employer as is mentioned in the said section 6 there were substituted respectively references to this Part of this Act, the person taking the sample and a person appearing to the person taking the sample to have custody of the substance in question.

(5) Any veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner authorised as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section to enter upon any land may examine any livestock which he finds on the land and apply to and take from the livestock such tests and samples as he considers appropriate; and a person by whom a sample is taken from livestock in pursuance of this subsection shall, if before the sample is taken he is requested to do so by any person appearing to him to have the custody of the livestock, deliver a part of the sample or a similar sample to the person who made the request.

(6) If a person entitled to enter upon any land in pursuance of this section requests any person present on the land, being the occupier or a servant of the occupier of the land or a person having the custody of any livestock present on the land,—

(a) to indicate to the person so entitled the places on the land used for the accommodation of livestock or for the storage or treatment of any substance intended for use as food for livestock; or

(b) to facilitate the access of the person so entitled to any such place,

it shall be the duty of the person to whom the request is addressed to comply with the request so far as he is able to do so.

(7) A person who fails to perform his duty under subsection

(6) of this section or otherwise wilfully obstructs a person entitled as aforesaid in the execution of that person’s powers under this section shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

7.—(1) A person guilty of an offence under section 1 or Punishment section 2 of this Act shall be liable on summary conviction to of offences imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or a fine un(^er ^art not exceeding one hundred pounds or both, or in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to such imprisonment or a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or both.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under section 6 of this Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

796

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part I

Interpretation etc. of Part I.

1947 c. 48.

1948 c. 45.

1950 c. 36.

Additional

payments to

tenants

quitting

agricultural

holdings.

’‘'4Q c. 63.

(3) In England and Wales a local authority shall, without prejudice to the powers of any other person to institute proceedings for an offence under this Part of this Act, have power to institute proceedings for such an offence as is mentioned in section 6(2) of this Act which is alleged to have been committed in their area.

8, —(1) In this Part of this Act—

" agricultural land " means land used for agriculture (within the meaning of the Agriculture Act 1947 or, in Scotland, the Agriculture (Scotland) Act 1948) which is so used for the purposes of a trade or business; and " livestock " means any creature kept for the production of food, wool, skin or fur or for use in the farming of land or for such purpose as the Minister may by order specify.

(2) Subsections (2) and (3) of section 59 of the Diseases of Animals Act 1950 (which define the expression " local authority ") shall have effect for the purposes of this Part of this Act as if for references to that Act there were substituted references to this Part of this Act and as if in subsection (2) the words from " and shall " onwards were omitted.

(3) This Part of this Act applies to officers and servants of the Crown, and references to land in this Part of this Act include references to land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duchy of Lancaster, land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall and land held on behalf of Her Majesty for the purposes of any Government department; and in relation to any such land occupied by or on behalf of Her Majesty or the Duchy of Cornwall section 6 of this Act shall have effect as if subsection (2) were omitted.

(4) Without prejudice to the powers conferred on the Ministers, in relation to Great Britain, by sections 2 and 3 of this Act, the powers conferred on them by either of those sections may be exercised, in relation to England and Wales only, by the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and, in relation to Scotland only, by the Secretary of State; and references in those sections to the Ministers shall be construed accordingly.

(5) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall be construed as prejudicing any provision of the Protection of Animals Acts 1911 to 1964 or the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Acts 1912 to 1964.

Part H

Additional payments to tenant farmers

9. —(l) Where under the Agricultural Holdings Act 1948 (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") compensation for disturbance in respect of an agricultural holding or part of such a holding becomes payable by the landlord to the tenant of the holding, then, subject to the provisions

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

797

of this Part of this Act, there shall be payable by the landlord Part n to the tenant, in addition to any compensation payable by the landlord to the tenant, a sum to assist in the reorganisation of the tenant’s affairs of the amount prescribed by subsection (2) of this section.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the sum payable in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section shall be equal to four times the annual rent of the holding or, in the case of part of a holding, four times the appropriate portion of that rent, at die rate at which the rent was payable immediately before the termination of the tenancy of the holding or part to which the said compensation relates.

(3) In the application of this section to Scodand, in subsection (1) for the references to the Agricultural Holdings Act 1948 c. 63.

1948 and the principal Act there shall be substituted respectively references to the Agricultural Holdings (Scodand) Act 1949 c. 75.

1949 and the principal Scottish Act.

10.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no sum Provisions shall be payable in pursuance of section 9 of this Act in a suPPlementary

C3Se Where- England*and

(a) the Agricultural Land Tribunal, in pursuance of section Wales.

24(2) (a) of the principal Act, have consented to the operation of the relevant notice and stated in the reasons for their decision that they are satisfied as to any of the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (d) of section 25(1) of that Act (which among other things relate to good husbandry, sound estate management, agricultural research and grounds of hardship), and a statement of the reasons is included in the notice; or

(b) the relevant notice contains a statement that the carrying

out of the purpose for which the landlord proposes to terminate the tenancy is desirable on any of the grounds mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) of the said section 25(1) and, if an application for consent in respect of the notice is made to the Agricultural Land Tribunal (hereafter in this section referred to as " the tribunal ") in pursuance of section 24(1) of the principal Act, the tribunal consent to its operation and state in the reasons for their decision that they are satisfied as to any of the matters so mentioned; or

(c) the relevant notice contains a statement that the landlord

will suffer hardship unless the notice has effect and, if such an application as aforesaid is made in respect of the notice, the tribunal consent to its operation and state in the reasons for their decision that they are satisfied that greater hardship would be caused by withholding consent than by giving it; or

le

798

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part n

1967 c. 22.

1954 c. 56.

(d) the said section 24(1) does not apply to the relevant notice by virtue of section 29(4) of the Agriculture Act 1967 (which relates to notices to quit given by the Minister or a Rural Development Board with a view to boundary adjustments or an amalgamation).

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply in relation to the relevant notice where—

(a) the reasons given by the tribunal for their decision to

consent to the operation of the notice include the reason that they are satisfied as to the matter mentioned in section 25(l)(e) of the principal Act (which relates to the use of land for certain non-agricultural purposes); or

(b) the reasons so given consist of or include the reason

that the tribunal are satisfied as to the matter mentioned in section 25(l)(f>) of that Act but the tribunal would have been satisfied also as to the matter mentioned in the said section 25(l)(e) if it had been specified in the application for consent, and where the tribunal would have been satisfied as mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection they shall include a statement to that effect in their decision.

(3) In assessing the compensation payable to the tenant of an agricultural holding in consequence of the compulsory acquisition of his interest in the holding or part of it or the compulsory taking of possession of the holding or part of it, no account shall be taken of any benefit which might accrue to the tenant by virtue of section 9 of this Act.

(4) Any sum payable in pursuance of the said section 9 shall be so payable notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary.

(5) The following provisions of the principal Act shall apply to sums claimed or payable in pursuance of the said section 9 as they apply to compensation claimed or payable under section 34 of that Act, that is to say, sections 34(3), 61, 70 to 73, 77. 80, 82. 83, 88. 89. 92. 94(5), 101 and Schedule 6; and paragraphs 4 and 5 of Schedule 8 to the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 shall apply to sums so payable as they apply to the compensation mentioned in those paragraphs but as if for the word "shall " in each of those paragraphs there were substituted the word "may ".

(6) No sum shall be payable in pursuance of the said section 9 in consequence of the termination of the tenancy of an agricultural holding or part of such a holding unless the notice to quit in consequence of which the termination occurs is served on the tenant after the initial date and the termination occurs after the date of the passing of this Act.

Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

(7) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act (which contains transitional provisions for certain cases) shall have effect for the purposes of this section in its application to England and Wales.

(8) In the foregoing provisions of this section, references to section 9 of this Act do not include references to it as applied by section 12 of this Act and " the relevant notice " means the notice to quit given by the landlord of the agricultural holding in question in consequence of which compensation for disturbance becomes payable to the tenant of the holding as mentioned in the said section 9; and for the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of this section, the purposes of the enactments relating to allotments shall be treated as excluded from the matters mentioned in section 25<l)(c) of the principal Act.

11.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no sum shall Provisions be payable in pursuance of section 9 of this Act in consequence supplementary of the termination of the tenancy of an agricultural holding or part of such a holding by virtue of a notice to quit in a case where—

(a) the relevant notice contains a statement that the carrying

out of the purpose for which the landlord proposes to terminate the tenancy is desirable on any of the grounds mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) of section 26(1) of the principal Scottish Act and, if an application for consent in respect of the notice is made to the Scottish Land Court (hereafter in this section referred to as " the court ") in pursuance of section 25(1) of the principal Scottish Act, the court consent to its operation and state in the reasons for their decision that they are satisfied as to any of the matters so mentioned; or

(b) the relevant notice contains a statement that the landlord

will suffer hardship unless the notice has effect and, if such an application as aforesaid is made in respect of the notice, the court consent to its operation and state in the reasons for their decision that they are satisfied that greater hardship would be caused by withholding consent than by giving it; or

(c) the relevant notice is a notice to which, apart from the

provisions of section 18 or section 19 of this Act, section

6(3) of the Agriculture Act 1958 would apply and, if an 1958 c. 71.

application for consent in respect of the notice is made

to the court in pursuance of the said section 25(1),

the court consent to its operation and state in the

reasons for their decision that they are satisfied with

regard to the matter mentioned in paragraph (a), or the

799

Part II

800

Ch. 34 Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part II

1967 c. 22.

matters mentioned in paragraph (b)(i) to (iii), or the matter mentioned in paragraph (c), of section 18(2) of this Act; or

(d) the said section 25(1) does not apply to the relevant notice by virtue of section 29(4) of the Agriculture Act 1967 (which relates to notices to quit given by the Secretary of State or a Rural Development Board with a view to boundary adjustments or an amalgamation).

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply in relation to the relevant notice where—

(a) the reasons given by the court for their decision to

consent to the operation of the notice include the reason that they are satisfied as to the matter mentioned in section 26(l)(e) of the principal Scottish Act (which relates to the use of land for certain non-agricultural purposes); or

(b) the reasons so given consist of or include the reason

that the court are satisfied as to die matter mentioned in section 26(1 Mb) of that Act or in paragraph (a) or paragraph (c) of section 18(2) of this Act but the court would have been satisfied also as to the matter mentioned in the said section 26(l)(c) if it had been specified in the application for consent, and where the court would have been satisfied as mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection they shall include a statement to that effect in their decision.

(3) In assessing the compensation payable to the tenant of an agricultural holding in consequence of the compulsory acquisition of his interest in the holding or part of it or the compulsory taking of possession of the holding or part of it, no account shall be taken of any benefit which might accrue to the tenant by virtue of section 9 of this Act.

(4) Any sum payable in pursuance of the said section 9 shall be so payable notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary.

(5) The following provisions of the principal Scottish Act shall apply to sums claimed or payable in pursuance of the said section 9 as they apply to compensation claimed or payable under section 35 of that Act, that is to say, sections 35(3), 61, 68 to 70, 75 to 78, 80, 82 to 84, 90. 93(6), 100 and Schedule 6.

(6) No sum shall be payable in pursuance of the said section 9 in consequence of—

(a) the termination of the tenancy of an agricultural holding or part of such a holding by virtue of a notice to quit unless the notice in consequence of which the termination occurs is served on the tenant after the initial date and the termination occurs after the date of the passing of this Act; or

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

801

(b) the resumption by the landlord of possession of part of Part n the holding in pursuance of a provision in that behalf contained in the lease unless the resumption occurs after the date of the passing of this Act

(7) No sum shall be payable in pursuance of section 9 of this Act in consequence of the termination of the tenancy of an agricultural holding or part of such a holding by virtue of a notice to quit where the relevant notice is given in pursuance

of section 6(3) of the Agriculture Act 1958 (which relates to 1958 c. 71. notice to quit given to a tenant who has acquired right to the tenancy of the holding by virtue of section 16 of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 or as a legatee by virtue of section 20 of 1964 c. 41. the principal Scottish Act) and—

(a) the landlord is terminating the tenancy for the purpose

of using the land for agriculture only; and

(b) the notice contains a statement that the tenancy is being

terminated for the said purpose:

Provided that if any question arises between the landlord and the tenant as to the purpose for which the tenancy is being terminated, the tenant shall, notwithstanding section 74 of the principal Scottish Act (matters to be referred to arbitration), refer the question to the Scottish Land Court for their determination.

(8) Section 73 of the principal Scottish Act (proceedings of the Land Court) shall apply for the purpose of the determination of any matter referred to the Scottish Land Court under subsection (7) of this section as it applies to any matter which they are required to determine under that Act.

(9) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act (which contains transitional provisions for certain cases) shall have effect for the purposes of this section in its application to Scotland.

(10) In this section—

(a) references to section 9 of this Act do not include references to it as applied by section 12 of this Act;

(b)" the relevant notice " means a notice to quit given by the landlord of the agricultural holding in question in consequence of which compensation for disturbance becomes payable to the tenant of the holding as mentioned in the said section 9; and

(c) for the purposes of subsection (l)(a), the purposes of

the enactments relating to allotments shall be treated as excluded from the matters mentioned in section 26(1 )(c) of the principal Scottish Act.

2 c

802

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part II 12,—(1) Where in pursuance of any enactment providing for

Additional the acquisition or taking of possession of land compulsorily payments in by any person (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as consequence of an "acquiring authority*), an acquiring authority acquire the acqmsition^ interest in an agricultural holding or any part of it of the tenant etc! of of the holding or take possession of such a holding or any part

agricultural of it, then, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, holdings. section 9 of this Act shall apply as if the acquiring authority were the landlord of the holding and compensation for disturbance in respect of the holding or part in question had become payable to the tenant as mentioned in subsection (1) of that section on the date of the acquisition or taking of possession.

(2) No sum shall be payable by virtue of subsection (1) of this section in respect of any agricultural holding held on a tenancy for a term of two years or upwards except in a case where the amount of compensation payable to the tenant of the holding by the acquiring authority in consequence of the acquisition or taking of possession in question is exceeded by the aggregate of the amounts which, if the tenancy had been from year to year, would have been so payable by way of compensation and by virtue of that subsection; and in any such case the sum payable by virtue of that subsection in consequence of the acquisition or taking of possession in question shall, subject to sections 13(3) and 14(3) of this Act, be of an amount equal to the excess.

(3) No sum shall be payable to the tenant of an agricultural holding by virtue of subsection (1) of this section in consequence of such an acquiring of an interest or taking of possession as is there mentioned unless the date on which the acquisition or taking of possession occurs is later than the date of the passing of this Act and—

(a) in the case of such an acquisition, unless the date on

which notice to treat in respect of the interest to be acquired is served or treated as served on the tenant by the acquiring authority is after the initial date; and

(b) where in the case of such a taking of possession prior

notice of the taking of possession is by virtue of any enactment required to be served on the tenant by the acquiring authority, unless the date on which the notice is so served is after the initial date.

Provisions 13.—(1) For the purposes of subsection (1) of section 12 of supplementary this Act, a tenant of an agricultural holding shall be treated as End d not a tenant * m so far as» immediately before the Walw? an acquiring of the interest or taking of possession mentioned in

Agriculture (,Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

803

that subsection, he was neither in possession nor entitled to take possession of any land comprised in the holding; and in determining for those purposes whether a tenant was so entitled, any such agreement as is mentioned in section 2(1) of the principal Act which relates to the land and has not taken effect as an agreement for the letting of the land for a tenancy from year to year shall be disregarded.

(2) Section 12(1) of this Act shall not apply where the acquiring authority require the land comprised in the holding or part in question for the purposes of agricultural research or experiment or of demonstrating agricultural methods or for the purposes of the enactments relating to smallholdings, nor where the Minister acquires the land under section 84(l)(c) of the Agriculture Act 1947; but where an acquiring authority exercise in relation to any land any power to acquire or take possession of land compulsorily which is conferred on the authority by virtue of sections 67, 68 or 72 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 or section 7 of the New Towns Act 1965, the authority shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection not to require the land for any of the purposes aforesaid.

(3) The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of section 12 of this Act in its application to England and Wales.

14.—(1) For the purposes of subsection (1) of section 12 of this Act, a tenant of an agricultural holding shall be treated as not being a tenant of it in so far as, immediately before the acquiring of the interest or taking of possession mentioned in that subsection, he was neither in possession nor entitled to take possession of any land comprised in the holding; and in determining for those purposes whether a tenant was so entitled, any such lease relating to the land as is mentioned in section 2(1) of the principal Scottish Act which has not taken effect as a lease of the land from year to year shall be disregarded.

(2) Section 12(1) of this Act shall not apply where the acquiring authority require the land comprised in the holding or part in question for the purposes of agricultural research or experiment or of demonstrating agricultural methods, or for the purposes of the enactments relating to smallholdings, nor where the Secretary of State acquires the land under section 57(l)(c) or section 64 of the Agriculture (Scodand) Act 1948; but where an acquiring authority exercise in relation to any land any power to acquire or take possession of land compulsorily which is conferred on the authority by virtue of sections 34, 35 or 39(3) of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947 or section 7 of the New Towns (Scodand) Act 1968, the authority

2 C 2

Part U

1947 c. 48.

1962 c. 38. 1965 c. 39.

Provisions supplementary to s. 12 in Scotland.

1948 c. 45.

1947 c. 53. 1968 c. 16.

804

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part II

Effect of early resumption clauses on compensation.

shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection not to require the land for any of the purposes aforesaid.

(3) The provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of section 12 of this Act in its application to Scotland.

15.—(1) Except where compensation assessed in accordance with this subsection would be less than if this subsection were disregarded, in assessing the compensation payable by an acquiring authority to the tenant of an agricultural holding in connection with such an acquiring of an interest or taking of possession as is mentioned in section 12(1) of this Act, any provision in the contract of tenancy authorising the resumption of possession of the holding or part of it for some specified purpose other than the use of the land for agriculture shall—

(a) in the case of an acquisition, be treated as if that

provision authorised resumption of possession for the purpose in question on the expiration of twelve months from the end of the year of the tenancy current when notice to treat in respect of the acquisition was served or treated as served on the tenant; and

(b) in the case of a taking of possession, be disregarded.

(2) Where the tenancy of an agricultural holding or part of it terminates by reason of a notice to quit the holding or part given in pursuance of such a provision in the contract of tenancy as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section and the tenant quits the holding or part in consequence of the notice, compensation shall be payable by the landlord to the tenant, in addition to any other compensation so payable apart from this subsection in respect of the holding or part, of an amount which is equal to the value of the additional benefit (if any) which would have accrued to the tenant if the tenancy had, instead of being terminated as provided by the notice, been terminated by it on the expiration of twelve months from the end of the year of tenancy current when the notice was given.

(3) Where the landlord of an agricultural holding in Scotland resumes land in pursuance of such a provision in the lease as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, compensation shall be payable by the landlord to the tenant, in addition to any other compensation so payable apart from this subsection in respect of the land, of an amount which is equal to the value of the additional benefit (if any) which would have accrued to the tenant if the land had, instead of being so resumed, been resumed at the expiration of twelve months from the end of the year of tenancy current at a date two months before the date of resumption.

Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

805

(4) Subsections (4) to (6) of section 10 of this Act shall apply to compensation claimed or payable under subsection (2) of this section, and subsections (4) to (6) of section 11 of this Act shall apply to compensation claimed or payable under subsection (3) of this section, as if for references to sums claimed or payable in pursuance of section 9 of this Act there were substituted references to compensation claimed or payable under the said subsection (2) or subsection (3), as the case may be; and section 12(3) of this Act shall apply to any increase of compensation in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section as it applies to a sum payable by virtue of section 12(1) of this Act as if for references to the said section 12(1) there were substituted references to subsection (1) of this section.

(5) For the purposes of subsections (1) to (3) of this section, the current year of a tenancy for a term of two years or upwards is the year beginning with such day in the period of twelve months ending—

(a) for the purposes of subsection (1) or subsection (2),

with the date on which the notice mentioned in that subsection is served; and

(b) for the purposes of subsection (3), with a date two months before the resumption mentioned in that subsection,

as corresponds to the day on which the term would expire by the effluxion of time.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland,—

(a) in subsection (1), for the words from "contract" to

"agriculture" there shall be substituted the words " lease entitling the landlord to resume land for building, planting, feuing or other purposes (not being agricultural purposes)" and in paragraph (a) for the word "possession " there shall be substituted the word "land"; and

(b) subsection (2) shall be omitted.

16. This Part of this Act shall apply to statutory small tenants as defined in the Small Landholders (Scotland) Act 1911 subject to the modifications set out in Schedule 5 to this Act.

17.—(1) In this Part of this Act—

" acquiring authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section 12(1) of this Act;

" the initial date " means 1st November 1967;

" possession " means actual possession;

2 c 3

Part II

Application of Part II to statutory small tenants in Scotland.

1911 c. 49.

Interpretation etc. of Part II.

806

Part II

1948 c. 63.

1949 c. 75.

Termination in case of near relatives of deceased tenant.

1958 c. 71. 1964 c. 41.

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

" the principal Act " means the Agricultural Holdings Act 1948; and

" the principal Scottish Act " means the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1949;

and unless the context otherwise requires expressions used in this Part of this Act and the principal Act or. as the case may be. the principal Scottish Act have the same meanings in this Part of this Act as in that Act.

(2) In this Part of this Act references to the termination of the tenancy of part of an agricultural holding are references to the resumption by the landlord of possession of that part of the holding and references to the acquisition of any property are references to the vesting of the property in die person acquiring it.

(3) Section 87(1) and (2) of the principal Act and section 86(1) and (2) of the principal Scottish Act (Crown land) shall have effect as if references to that Act included references to this Part of this Act.

(4) References in this section to this Part of this Act include references to Schedules 1 to 4 to this Act.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, in subsection (2) the words from "references to the termination" to " and " shall be omitted.

Part III

Termination of tenancies of agricultural holdings in Scotland acquired by succession

18.—(1) Section 6(3) of the Agriculture Act 1958 shall not apply to a notice to quit given to a tenant who has acquired right to the lease of an agricultural holding—

(a) by virtue of section 16 of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964, or

(b) as a legatee by virtue of section 20 of the principal Scottish Act,

where he is a near relative of the deceased tenant from whom he has acquired right to that lease; and accordingly section 25(1) of the principal Scottish Act shall, subject to the provisions of this section, apply to such a notice.

(2) Notwithstanding section 26(1) of the principal Scottish Act (which provides for the Scottish Land Court consenting to the operation of a notice to quit in certain circumstances), where the said section 6(3) would apart from the provisions of this section apply to the notice, the Scottish Land Court shall consent

Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

807

under the said section 25(1) to the operation of a notice to quit given to such a near relative as is mentioned in the foregoing subsection—

(a) if they are satisfied that the near relative has neither

sufficient training in agriculture nor sufficient experience in the farming of land to enable him to farm the holding to which the notice relates with reasonable efficiency, and if the notice contains a statement that it is given by reason of the matter aforesaid, or

(b) if they are satisfied—

(i) that the holding to which the notice relates, or where the holding forms only part of an agricultural unit, that unit, is not an agricultural unit which in the opinion of the Court is capable of providing full-time employment for an individual occupying it and for at least one other man,

(ii) that the notice is given in order to enable the landlord to use the holding for the purpose of effecting an amalgamation, and

(iii) that the amalgamation is proposed to be carried out within two years after the date of the termination of the tenancy specified in the notice,

and if the notice contains a statement that it is given in order to enable the landlord to use the holding for the purpose of effecting an amalgamation and specifies the kind with which the holding is to be amalgamated, or

(c) if they are satisfied that the near relative is the occupier

(either as owner or tenant) of agricultural land other than the holding to which the notice relates, or, where the holding forms only part of an agricultural unit, other than that unit, being agricultural land, which—

(i) has been occupied by him since a date prior to the death of the deceased tenant from whom he has acquired right to the lease of the said holding, and

(ii) is an agricultural unit which in the opinion of the Court is capable of providing full-time employment for an individual occupying it and for at least one other man,

and if the notice contains a statement that it is given by reason of the matter aforesaid and specifies the land:

Provided that, notwithstanding that they are satisfied as aforesaid, the Court shall withhold consent to the operation of the notice if in all the circumstances it appears to them that a fair and reasonable landlord would not insist on possession.

2 c 4

Part III

808

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous ) Act 1968

Part III

1964 c. 41.

Transitional provisions for purposes of Part HI.

1958 c. 71.

(3) For the purposes of paragraphs (£)(i) and (c)(ii) of the last foregoing subsection, in assessing the capability of the unit of providing employment, it shall be assumed that the unit is farmed under reasonably skilled management, that a system of husbandry suitable for the district is followed and that the greater part of the feeding stuffs required by any livestock kept on the unit is grown there.

(4) The Court in giving consent to the operation of a notice to quit under the said section 25(1) as applied by this section on the grounds mentioned in subsection (2Mb) of this section shall impose such conditions as appear to them requisite for securing—

(a) that the holding to which the notice relates will be used

for the purpose of effecting an amalgamation with the land specified in the notice; and

(b) that the amalgamation will take place within two years

after the date of the termination of the tenancy of the holding by reason of the notice;

and section 26(5) of the principal Scottish Act shall not apply to such a consent.

(5) Section 30 of the principal Scottish Act shall, with any necessary modifications, apply to a condition imposed under this section as it applies to a condition imposed under section 26 of that Act.

(6) This section shall apply to any notice to quit given to such a near relative after the passing of this Act.

(7) In this section, " near relative " in relation to a deceased tenant of an agricultural holding means a surviving spouse, son or daughter, or adopted son or daughter, of that tenant.

(8) In the last foregoing subsection, the reference to an adopted son or daughter of a deceased tenant shall be construed as a reference to a son or daughter adopted by him (whether alone or jointly with any other person) in pursuance of an adoption order within the meaning of section 23(5) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964.

19.—(1) In the case of a notice to quit given by a landlord in pursuance of section 6(3) of the Agriculture Act 1958 to the tenant of an agricultural holding who is such a near relative of a deceased tenant as is mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, being a notice given between 26th January 1968 and the passing of this Act so as to have effect after the passing of this Act, the said section 6(3) shall not apply and section 25(1) of the principal Scottish Act shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, apply.

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

809

(2) In the case of such a notice to quit as is mentioned in the foregoing subsection, the landlord may, within one month of the passing of this Act, notify the tenant in writing that the said section 6(3) no longer applies to the notice to quit but that, in the event of the tenant serving a notice on him under the next following subsection, he will apply for the consent of the Scottish Land Court to the operation of the notice to quit on one or more of the following grounds, being a ground or grounds specified in the notification—

(a) the matter mentioned in section 18(2)(a) of this Act;

(b) that possession of the holding is required for the pur-

pose of effecting an amalgamation with land specified in the notification;

(c) the matter mentioned in section 18(2)(c) of this Act;

(d) one or more of the matters set out in section 26(1) of the

principal Scottish Act:

Provided that, if the landlord has not notified the tenant under this subsection within the said month, the tenant shall be deemed to have served a counter-notice under the said section 25(1), and the period of one month referred to in section 27(1) of the principal Scottish Act shall be deemed to have expired.

(3) The tenant may, within one month of being notified in accordance with the last foregoing subsection, serve a notice on the landlord requiring that the said section 25(1) shall apply to the notice to quit, and such a notice shall be deemed to be a counter-notice served under the said section 25(1) within the period mentioned therein.

(4) Notwithstanding section 26(1) of the principal Scottish Act, the Scottish Land Court shall consent under the said section 25(1) to the operation of such a notice to quit as is referred to in subsection (1) of this section if they are satisfied with regard to—

(a) the matter mentioned in paragraph ( ), or

(b) the matters mentioned in paragraph (b) (i) to (iii), or

(c) the matter mentioned in paragraph (c). of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section:

Provided that, notwithstanding that they are satisfied as aforesaid, the Court shall withhold consent to the operation of the notice if in all the circumstances it appears to them that a fair and reasonable landlord would not insist on possession.

(5) Subsections (3) to (5) of section 18 of this Act shall apply to a consent given under the said section 25(1) as applied by this section on the grounds mentioned in subsection (4 of this section, as they apply to a consent given under the said section 25(1) as applied by the said section 18.

2 c*

Part III

810

Ch. 34 Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part III

Interpretation of Part HI.

1949 c. 42.

Raising and levying of drainage charges on an acreage basis.

1961 c. 48.

Amount of general drainage charge.

1963 c. 38.

20.—(1) In this Part of this Act—

"amalgamation" means a transaction for securing that agricultural land which is comprised in a holding to which a notice to quit relates and which together with some other agricultural land could form an agricultural unit, shall be owned and occupied with that other land; and

" the principal Scottish Act " means the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1949.

(2) Unless the context otherwise requires, expressions used in this Part of this Act and the principal Scottish Act have the same meanings in this Part of this Act as in that Act.

Part IV Land drainage

Drainage charges

21.—(1) Drainage charges under Part I of the Land Drainage Act 1961 (hereafter in die charges provisions referred to as " the principal Act ") shall, instead of being raised at an amount per pound on the annual value of chargeable hereditaments in river authority areas and levied on the occupiers or owners of the hereditaments, be raised at an amount per acre of chargeable land in those areas and levied on the occupiers or owners of the land in accordance with the charges provisions and the provisions of the said Part I as modified by this Act.

(2) In sections 22 to 29 of this Act and this section " the charges provisions " means those sections and this section.

22.—(1) The general drainage charge raised by a river authority for any year shall be at a uniform amount per acre ascertained in accordance with subsections (2) and (3) of this section.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, the said amount shall be ascertained by—

(a) dividing the aggregate amount demanded by the precepts issued by the river authority to the councils of counties, county boroughs and London boroughs under section 87(4) of the Water Resources Act 1963 in respect of the year for which the charge is raised by the aggregate amount of the appropriate penny rate products on the basis of which the amount so demanded was apportioned in pursuance of section 87(3) of that Act among those councils; and

Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

811

(b) multiplying the quotient by one penny and by such Part IV number as the Minister may specify by order made for the purposes of this paragraph;

and the number so specified shall (apart from any adjustment made to it to lake account of rough grazing land) be such as the Minister considers will secure, so far as reasonably practicable, that the aggregate amount produced by any charge levied by reference to a quotient ascertained in pursuance of paragraph (a) of this subsection will be equal to the aggregate amount which, if the chargeable land in the river authority area were liable to be rated, would be produced by a rate levied on that land at an amount in the pound (of rateable value) equal to that quotient multiplied by one penny.

(3) Where an amount ascertained in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section includes a fraction of a penny, the fraction shall—

(a) if it is one farthing or less, be disregarded;

(b) if it is greater than one farthing but less than three farthings, be treated as one half-penny;

(c) if it is three farthings or more, be treated as one

penny.

(4) An order under this section may be made so as to apply either to all general drainage charges which may be raised by river authorities or to the general drainage charges proposed to be raised by any one or more river authorities specified in the order, and any such order applying to the charges of more than one river authority may make different provision as respects the charges of the different authorities.

(5) In subsection (2) of this section " appropriate penny rate product " has the same meaning as that expression has for the purposes of the said section 87, and the reference in that subsection to subsection (4) of that section does not include a reference to it as applied by subsection (5) of that section.

23.—(1) The special drainage charge raised by a river Amount of authority for any year shall be at a uniform amount per acre of JP^al the chargeable land included in the area designated for the~J^*8C purposes of the charge by the scheme authorising it, being an amount which exceeds neither—

(a) an amount to be specified in the scheme as the maximum amount of the charge or such greater amount as may be authorised for the purposes of the scheme by an order made by the Minister on the application of the river authority; nor

2IC12*

812

Ch. 34 Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part IV

Reduced liability for drainage charges in certain cases.

Arrangements for payment of drainage charges by owners of land.

(b) two shillings or such other amount as may be substituted for two shillings by an order made by the Minister and approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(2) An order under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section may be made so as to apply either to all special drainage charges which may be raised by river authorities or to the special drainage charges proposed to be raised by one or more river authorities specified in the order or to the special drainage charges proposed to be raised in pursuance of one or more schemes made under section 3 of the principal Act and so specified; and any such order applying to the charges of more than one river authority or authorised by more than one such scheme may make different provision as respects the charges of the different authorities or the charges authorised by the different schemes, as the case may be.

24. —(1) Where the area of chargeable land in respect of which, apart from this section, a sum is payable by any person by way of a drainage charge consists of or includes a fraction of an acre, then for the purpose of calculating that sum the fraction shall be disregarded if it is less than one-half and treated as one acre in any other case.

(2) The sum payable by way of a drainage charge in respect of chargeable land consisting of commercial woodlands shall be calculated as if die area of the land were one-fifth of its actual area; and in the application of subsection (1) of this section to such chargeable land the area ascertained in pursuance of this subsection (and not the area of which it is one-fifth) shall be treated as the area mentioned in that subsection.

25. —(1) A river authority may make arrangements with the owner of any chargeable land for any drainage charges which may be raised by the authority for any period in respect of the land to be levied on the owner instead of on the occupier of the land; and where such arrangements are made the charges in question shall be levied on the owner instead of on the occupier of the land and any reference to an occupier in the charges provisions (except this section) and in Part I of the principal Act shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Where in pursuance of any such arrangements the owner of any land pays drainage charges in respect of the land to a river authority before the expiration of the period of two months beginning with the date of the service on him of the demand for the charges or before the expiration of one half of the period for which the charges are raised, the authority shall make to him an allowance equal to ten per cent, of the full amount of the

Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

813

charges; but no such allowance shall be made in respect of Part IV charges which, apart from this section, are payable for any period by the owner in pursuance of section 13 of the principal Act

(3) It shall be the duty of a river authority by whom arrangements are made under this section to give notice of the arrangements forthwith after they are made to the occupier of the land affected by them.

(4) The owner of any land who is a party to any arrangements under this section in respect of the land may recover from the occupier of the land a sum equal to the amount of any drainage charges in respect of the land which, apart from the arrangements, would be payable by the occupier.

(5) The occupier of any chargeable land may, by notice given to the river authority in whose area the land is situated,—

(a) determine that no arrangements under the foregoing

provisions of this section shall be made in respect of the land and that any such arrangements previously made shall cease to have effect so far as they relate to the land and any drainage charge to be raised for a period beginning after the date on which the notice takes effect;

(b) revoke any determination under paragraph (a) above so

far as it prohibits the making of such arrangements in respect of the land;

and a notice under this subsection shall take effect on the day following that on which it is given to the river authority.

(6) It shall be the duty of a river authority to whom notice is given under subsection (5) of this section to send a copy of the notice to the owner of the land to which it relates.

26.—(1) A river authority may serve on any person appearing power to them to be the occupier of any land in their area a notice to require requiring him to furnish to the authority, within twenty-eightinformation* days beginning with the date of service of the notice on him, a return in writing, in such form as may be specified in die notice, containing such particulars as may reasonably be required for the purpose of enabling the authority to determine how much, if any, of the land occupied by him in their area is chargeable land and how much, if any, of it consists of commercial woodlands.

(2) A river authority may make arrangements with the Minister for the exercise by him on behalf of the authority,

2 C 3*

814

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part IV in such cases as may be determined in pursuance of the arrangements. of the powers conferred on the authority by subsection

(1) of this section; and any such arrangements shall contain provision for the reimbursement by the authority of any expenses incurred by the Minister in pursuance of the arrangements.

1948 c. 26. (3) Subsections (4) and (5) of section 58 of the Local Govern-

ment Act 1948 and so much of subsection (6) of that section as does not relate to imprisonment (which provide for a fine of twenty pounds for failure or continued failure to comply with a notice under that section requiring information and a fine of one hundred pounds for making false statements in a return to such a notice) shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that section.

Minor and 27.—(1) Part I of the principal Act shall have effect subject

consequential to the modifications set out in Schedule 6 to this Act, being ofraartmente notifications consequential upon the charges provisions.

(2) In section 5(2) of the principal Act (which requires any drainage charge to be raised in the year preceding that for which it is raised), for the words " in the year preceding that " there shall be substituted the words " before or during the year *\

(3) In section 6(2) of the principal Act (which requires notice of the raising of a drainage charge to be affixed in a public or conspicuous place and published in a newspaper), the words from " affixed " to " and * shall be omitted.

(4) In section 8(3) of the principal Act (which provides for notice of amendments of drainage charges to be served on each owner and occupier concerned) the words " owner and " shall be omitted.

(5) In section 9(1) of the principal Act (which provides for appeals to quarter sessions in connection with demands for drainage charges) for the words from " on any ground " onwards there shall be substituted the words "he may appeal to the county court for the area in which the land or any part of it is situated ".

(6) The references to chargeable hereditaments in section 8(4)

1963 c. 38. of the Water Resources Act 1963, article 10(1) of the Thames

.i. 1964 Conservancy (New Functions of River Authorities in Thames

No. 1251. Catchment Area) Order 1964 and article 5(1) of the Lee Con-

.1.1965 servancy Catchment Board (New Functions of River Autho-

No. 701. rities) Order 1965 shall continue to have the meaning assigned

to them by the principal Act as originally enacted but shall be construed as including references to chargeable land.

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

815

28.—(1) Nothing in the charges provisions shall affect any Part IV general drainage charge raised before the date of the passing Transitional of this Act, and accordingly the principal Act shall continue provisions to have effect in relation to any such charge as if this Act had not been passed. charge?

(2) Any river authority who have raised a general drainage charge before the date aforesaid may, if they think fit, determine that this subsection shall apply to the authority for any of the years ending with 31st March 1969, 31st March 1970 or 31st March 1971 in respect of which the authority have not already made a determination under this subsection; and where an authority have made a determination under this subsection with respect to any year they may raise a general drainage charge for that year as if section 52 of this Act and the charges provisions, except sections 21(2), 27(2) and (3) and 29 and this section, had not been passed.

(3) A river authority who have made a determination under subsection (2) of this section may, if they think fit, also determine that this subsection shall apply to the authority for the year or years to which the determination under that subsection relates; and where an authority have made a determination under this subsection—

(a) the principal Act and any regulations under section 2

of that Act shall have effect, in relation to any general drainage charge to be raised by the authority in accordance with the said subsection (2) for the year or, as the case may be, each of the years aforesaid as if—

(i) section 2(3) of that Act (which defines precept rates) and any corresponding provision of the regulations were omitted; and

(ii) for any reference to the precept rate for any year in section 2(2) of that Act and those regulations there were substituted a reference to the amount produced by multiplying one penny by the quotient ascertained, for the purposes of the charge for the year in question, in pursuance of section 22(2 of this Act; and

(b) the excepted provisions mentioned in subsection (2) of

this section shall be treated as including section 22 of this Act so far as that section is required for the purposes of sub-paragraph (ii) above.

(4) A river authority who have made a determination under subsection (2) of this section, or determinations under subsections (2) and (3) of this section, with respect to any year

2 C 4*

816

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part IV

Interpretation etc.— drainage charges.

1961 c. 48.

Adjustment of annual values to secure fair distribution of burden of drainage rates.

shall not be entitled to raise a general drainage charge for that year otherwise than in accordance with die provisions of the said subsection (2) or, as the case may be, of the said subsections (2) and (3); but subject to that, nothing in those subsections shall prevent a river authority from raising a general drainage charge in accordance with the charges provisions other than those subsections.

29.—(1) In the charges provisions—

" chargeable land " means, in relation to a river authority area, the agricultural land and agricultural buildings in so much of the area as does not fall within an internal drainage district, excluding rough grazing land and woodlands other than commercial woodlands;

" commercial woodlands " means woodlands managed on a commercial basis with a view to the realisation of profits;

" the principal Act " means the Land Drainage Act 1961; and

" rough grazing land " means land used as pasture ground on which the vegetation consists solely or mainly of one or more of the following, that is to say, bracken, gorse, heather, rushes and sedge, and land so used which is unsuitable for mowing by machine and on which the vegetation consists solely or mainly of grasses of poor feeding value.

(2) The charges provisions shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (2) of this section, references to the principal Act and Part I of that Act in section 51 of that Act (application to the Crown) and in section 52(4) of that Act (interpretation) shall be construed as including references to the charges provisions.

Drainage rates

30.—(1) If a drainage board are of the opinion that the amount of the annual value of any relevant land in their district should, for the purpose of securing that the burden of the drainage rates payable in respect of all land in their district is fairly distributed so far as reasonably practicable among the persons liable to pay those rates, be increased or reduced having regard to changes in the circumstances by reference to which the annual value of the land in question or of any other relevant land in the district was fixed, the board may make a determination specifying as the annual value of that land such

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

817

greater or smaller amount than the amount aforesaid as they consider just for that purpose, having regard to the changes and to any other alterations of annual values under this section made or proposed by the board.

(2) If the owner or occupier of any relevant land in a drainage district is of the opinion that, having regard to such changes as aforesaid, the amount of the annual value of the land should be altered for the purpose mentioned in subsection

(1) of this section, he may request the drainage board in writing to make such a determination in respect of the land as is so mentioned; and where such a request is made the board shall either comply with it or, if they consider that no alteration of the value is required for the purpose aforesaid, determine that the request be refused.

(3) Where a drainage board make a determination under the foregoing provisions of this section, they shall serve notice of the determination, together with a statement in writing of the rights of appeal conferred by section 32 of this Act, on the owner and occupier of the land to which the determination relates.

(4) Subject to section 33 of this Act, where a determination in respect of any land is made under subsection (1) of this section, the annual value of the land shall, for the purposes of any drainage rate made after the effective date, be that specified in the determination; and where such a determination specifying an annual value is made under subsection (2) of this section, the annual value of the land shall, for the purposes of any drainage rate made in respect of any period included in the financial year in which the request for the determination was made and any drainage rate made in respect of any subsequent period, be that specified in the determination.

For the purposes of this subsection—

"the effective date" means the date on which notices of the determination in question are served in pursuance of subsection (3) of this section on the owner and occupier of the land to which the determination relates or, where the notices are served on different dates, the later of those dates; and

" financial year ", in relation to any drainage board, means the year fixed with respect to the board as mentioned in section 26(2) of the Land Drainage Act 1930.

(5) Where the annual value of any land is altered by a determination under subsection (2) of this section and drainage rates for any period in respect of the land have been or are subsequently paid by reference to its annual value before the

Part IV

1930 c. 44.

818

Ch. 34 Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part IV

Apportionment of certain rateable values for purposes of drainage rates.

1961 c. 48.

alteration, then if the period is one for which, in accordance with subsection (4) of this section, the amount of those rates falls to be assessed on the value specified in the determination, that amount shall be recalculated accordingly and any sum overpaid shall be repaid or allowed and any sum underpaid may be recovered as if it were arrears of drainage rates.

(6) In this section " relevant land " means land in respect of which drainage rates fall to be assessed on, or on one-third of, the annual value of the land.

31.—(1) Where the property which constitutes a hereditament for the purpose of drainage rates consists of or includes a part only of land for which a rateable value is shown in the current valuation list, the drainage board for the drainage district in which the hereditament is situated may if they think fit, and shall if the owner or occupier of the part in question requests them in writing to do so, determine that that list and each other valuation list from time to time in force in which a rateable value is shown for that land shall have effect—

(a) for the purposes of subsections (4) to (6) of section 22

of the Land Drainage Act 1961 (which provide for the assessment of drainage rates by reference to rateable values); and

(b) for the purpose of arriving at the relative fraction in

pursuance of section 23 of that Act in a case where any other part of that land is situated outside the drainage district aforesaid,

as if such proportion of the rateable value so shown as is specified in the determination were shown in the list .in question as the rateable value for that part.

(2) Where a drainage board make a determination under subsection (1) of this section, they shall serve notice of the determination, together with a statement in writing of the rights of appeal conferred by section 32 of this Act, on the owner and occupier of the part of the land to which the determination relates.

(3) A determination made by a drainage board under this section shall, subject to section 33 of this Act, have effect for the purposes of any drainage rate made by the board on or after the effective date, but shall not affect any rate so made before that date; and in this subsection " the effective date " means the date on which notices of the determination are served in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section on the owner and occupier there mentioned or, where the notices are served on different dates, the later of those dates.

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

819

32.—(1) Where a determination in respect of any land is Part IV made by a drainage board under section 30 or section 31 of Appeals this Act, the owner and occupier of the land or either of them against may, subject to the following provisions of this section, appeal determinations against the determination in accordance with those provisions. ^ser3J'

(2) An owner or occupier who wishes to appeal against such a determination must, before the expiration of the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the date of service of notice of the determination on him in pursuance of section 30 or section 31 of this Act, as the case may be, or of such longer period as the drainage board may allow either generally or in any particular case, serve on the board a notice objecting to the determination and stating the grounds of the objection.

(3) Where notice of objection to a determination is served in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section, the drainage board may if they think fit, before the expiration of the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the date of service of the notice on them, cancel the determination and, subject to subsection (4) of this section, make in its place a fresh determination under the provisions of section 30 or section 31 of this Act under which the cancelled determination was made; and this section and the other provisions of those sections shall apply to the fresh determination accordingly.

(4) Where notice of objection is served in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section in respect of a determination made by a drainage board under section 30(1) of this Act, the board 'may cancel the determination in accordance with subsection (3) of this section without making a fresh determination in its place; and in such a case the board shall serve notice of the cancellation on the person by whom the notice of objection was served on them.

(5) Where notice of objection to a determination is served in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section and is not withdrawn before the expiration of the period mentioned in subsection (3) of this section and the drainage board do not cancel the determination in accordance with the said subsection

(3), they shall, forthwith after the expiration of that period, transmit the notice and a note of the determination to the clerk to the local valuation panel for the time being constituted

in pursuance of the General Rate Act 1967 for the area in 1967 c. 9. which the land to which the determination relates is situated or, where different parts of that land are situated in different areas for which local valuation panels are so constituted, to the clerk to such one of those panels as may be determined by or under regulations made by the Minister.

820

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part IV

Hearing and determination of appeals.

(6) The transmission in pursuance of subsection (5) of this section of a notice of objection to a determination of a drainage board shall constitute the lodging of an appeal against the determination, by the person who served the notice on the board, to a local valuation court constituted in accordance with section 33 of this Act.

(7) The references in subsection (1) of this section to land in respect of which a determination is made under section 31 of this Act are references to the part of the land for which a value falls to be ascertained by reference to the determination.

33.—(1) It shall be the duty of the chairman or a deputy chairman of the local valuation panel to whose clerk a notice of objection is transmitted in pursuance of section 32 of this Act to arrange for the convening of a local valuation court to hear and determine the appeal to which the notice relates; and subsections (5) and (6) of section 88 of the said Act of 1967 shall apply to the constitution of the court and to the rehearing of the appeal in case of such a failure to agree as is mentioned in the said subsection (6).

(2) Subsection (2) of section 76 of the said Act of 1967 (which regulates the procedure of local valuation courts) shall apply to a court convened in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section as if for the reference to the Minister of Housing and Local Government there were substituted a reference to the Minister and as if the reference to subsection (3) of that section were omitted.

(3) On the hearing of an appeal to a local valuation court in pursuance of this section, the following persons, that is to say—

(a) the person whose notice of objection to the deter-

mination in question has resulted in the hearing; and

(b) any other person who is the owner or occupier of any

land to which the determination relates; and

(c) the drainage board by whom the determination was

made.

shall be entitled to appear and be heard as parties to the appeal and to examine any witness before the court and to call witnesses.

(4) The court to which an appeal is brought in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section shall, after hearing die persons mentioned in subsection (3) of this section or such of them as desire to be heard, either quash the determination to which the appeal relates or alter the determination in such manner as the court thinks just or dismiss the appeal.

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

821

(5) Section 77 of the said Act of 1967 (which provides for Part IV appeals from local valuation courts to the Lands Tribunal)

shall have effect in relation to a decision of a local valuation court under this section as if for the reference to section 76 of that Act there were substituted a reference to the foregoing provisions of this section and as if the words from * and the valuation officer " onwards were omitted.

(6) Where the amount of any drainage rate has been calculated by reference to an annual value specified in a determination under section 30 of this Act or a rateable value attributable to a determination under section 31 of this Act and the determination is quashed or altered on appeal or cancelled in accordance with section 32(3) of this Act, then, except in so far as the parties agree otherwise, that amount shall be recalculated accordingly and any sum overpaid shall be repaid or allowed and any sum underpaid may be recovered as if it were arrears of drainage rates; and where such a determination which has been quashed is subsequently restored on appeal, the amount of any drainage rate falling to be recalculated in consequence of the appeal shall, except as aforesaid, be recalculated accordingly and any sum overpaid shall be repaid or allowed and any sum underpaid may be recovered as aforesaid.

34.—(1) Sections 32 and 33 of this Act shall apply to de-Transfer to cisions of drainage boards under section 29(2) of the Land local valuation; Drainage Act 1930 as they apply to determinations of drainage ^£2?^ boards under section 30(1) of this Act, but as if for the reference from certain in section 32(2) to the date of service of notice of the determina- decisions of tion in pursuance of section 30 of this Act there were substituted drainage a reference to the date of service of notice of the decision in hoards, pursuance of section 29(3) of the said Act of 1930 and as if 1930 c. 44. for any reference in section 33(6) to a determination under section 30 of this Act there were substituted a reference to a decision under the said section 29(2).

(2) Accordingly the said Act of 1930 shall have effect subject to the following amendments, that is to say—

(a) in section 29(3) (which among other things provides

for appeals to a magistrates' court from decisions under section 29(2)) for the words from "within twenty-eight days *' onwards there shall be substituted the words " appeal against the decision in accordance with section 34 of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 ";

(b) in section 30(1) for the words "under the last pre-

ceding section have appealed to a court of summary jurisdiction " there shall be substituted the words " have

822

Ch. 34 Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part IV

Registers of

drainage

hereditaments.

Supplemental provisions— drainage rates.

1967 c. 9.

1930 c. 44.

Further powers to make grants and advances to drainage authorities.

appealed in pursuance of section 29(3) of this Act "; and

(c) in section 31(3) for the words " to a court of summary jurisdiction " there shall be substituted the words " on an appeal in pursuance of section 29(3) of this Act

35. —(1) It shall be the duty of each drainage board—

(a) to prepare in the prescribed form and within the pre-

scribed period, or such longer period as the Minister may allow in any particular case, a register containing the prescribed information in respect of the drainage hereditaments in their district and a map showing the prescribed particulars of such of those hereditaments as are of the prescribed description;

(b) to maintain the register and map prepared by them in

pursuance of paragraph (a) above and to alter the register or map in such circumstances and in such manner and within such periods as may be prescribed; and

(c) to keep the register and map maintained by them in

pursuance of this subsection open to inspection at prescribed places by members of the public at all reasonable times.

(2) In subsection (1) of this section " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister.

36. —(1) In section 92(1) of the General Rate Act 1967 (which among other things relates to the appointment of persons to assist local valuation panels in the performance of their functions under Part V of that Act) the reference to Part V of that Act shall include a reference to section 33 of this Act.

(2) In section 75 of the Land Drainage Act 1930 (service of notices) and section 77 of that Act (Crown application), references to that Act shall be construed as including references to sections 30 to 34 of this Act.

Grants to drainage authorities

37. —(1) The Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, make to a river authority grants in respect of expenditure incurred by the authority, and advances on account of expenditure to be incurred by the authority, in connection with the authority’s functions under section 34(l)(h) or (c) of the Land Drainage Act 1930 (which relate to the improvement of existing works and the construction of new works)—

(a) in making payments arising from the exercise of any of the powers conferred on the authority by sections 65 and

Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

823

66 of the Water Resources Act 1963 (which among Part IV other things provide for the acquisition of land and 1963 c. 38. rights over land);

(b) in providing housing accommodation for persons em-

ployed or to be employed by the authority in controlling works of such a kind or so located that those persons are or will be required to reside in the vicinity of the works;

(c) in making payments in pursuance of subsection (3)

of section 34 of the said Act of 1930 (which provides for compensation for injury arising from the exercise of the powers conferred by that section);

(d) in paying compensation in pursuance of section 38(1Q of the said Act of 1930 (which relates to injury arising from the deposit of matter on the banks of water courses) in respect of injury which the Minister considers was or will be unavoidable,

and grants in respect of or advances on account of expenditure incurred or to be incurred in cairying out works for the rebuilding or repair of any bridge maintained by the authority, other than works appearing to the Minister to be maintenance works of a routine kind.

(2) The Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, make to an internal drainage board grants in respect of expenditure incurred by the board, and advances on account of expenditure to be incurred by the board, in carrying out works for the rebuilding or repair of any bridge maintained by the board, other than works appearing to the Minister to be maintenance works of a routine kind.

(3) Where a drainage authority are about to incur expenditure in respect of which it appears to the Minister that a grant will be payable under section 38(2) of the Land Drainage Act 1961 1961 c. 48. (which provides for grants in respect of certain expenditure incurred with a view to the carrying out of drainage works), the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, make advances

to the authority on account of the expenditure.

(4) The Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, make to a river authority grants in respect of the cost of any works executed by the authority in pursuance of section 35 of the said Act of 1961 (under which a drainage board may execute by agreement with and at the expense of any other person any drainage works which that person is entitled to execute); and the reference to expense in that section shall be construed as excluding the amount of any grant paid under this subsection in respect of the works in question.

824

Ch. 34 Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part IV (5) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be construed as prejudicing any power of the Minister to make grants or advances under any other enactment.

(6) Expressions used in this section and the said Act of 1930 have the same meanings in this section as in that Act.

Part V Miscellaneous and general

Payments in respect of bacon, break crops and water supply

Stabilising and 38.—(1) If it appears to the Minister appropriate to make inrwi^of a sc^eme under this section for the purpose of avoiding undue bacon/" fluctuations in income arising from carrying on the business of curing bacon in the United Kingdom or in any part of the United Kingdom mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, he may, with the approval of the Treasury, make a scheme providing for—

(a) the making by the Minister, in such circumstances as

may be determined under die scheme, of payments to bacon curers in respect of bacon produced by them (hereafter in this section referred to as "stabilising payments "); and

(b) the making by bacon curers, in such circumstances as may be so determined, of payments to the Minister in respect of bacon produced by them (hereafter in this section referred to as " levy payments ").

(2) A scheme under this section may be made for England and Wales, for Scotland, for Northern Ireland or for any two or all of those parts of the United Kingdom jointly; and in relation to a scheme made jointly for Scotland and any other part or parts of the United Kingdom, references to the Minister in subsection (1) of this section, except paragraphs (a) and (b), and in subsection (3HO of this section shall be construed as references to the Ministers and any other references to the Minister in subsections (1) and (3) of this section shall, if the scheme so provides, be construed as references to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

(3) Any such scheme may—

(a) specify the considerations to which regard is to be had

in determining the circumstances in which any stabilising payments or levy payments are to be made;

(b) enable the Minister to determine the rates, or the

method of calculating the rates, of any such payments;

(c) enable the Minister to determine which bodies and

persons are to be treated as bacon curers for the

Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

825

purposes of the scheme and what categories of pigmeat Part v are to be treated as bacon for those purposes;

(<4) provide for the registration of bacon curers for the purposes of the scheme;

(e) provide for the keeping and inspection of records and the furnishing of information for the purposes of the scheme;

if)specify conditions subject to which stabilising payments may be made;

ig) enable the Minister to determine the times at which levy payments are to be made, and provide for the recovery of arrears of levy payments;

(h) enable the Minister to estimate the amount of any levy payments payable by a bacon curer who. in the opinion of the Minister, has failed to furnish any information necessary to enable that amount to be properly determined, and to treat the estimated amount as die amount of those payments;

(0 contain provisions generally for securing that payments in pursuance of the scheme are properly made, and such incidental and supplemental provisions as the Minister considers expedient for the purposes of the scheme.

(4) Different provision may be made by or under such a scheme with respect to bacon curers and bacon of such different categories as may be specified in or under the scheme.

(5) A scheme under this section shall, unless previously revoked, cease to have effect on such date as may be specified in the scheme, not being later than the expiration of the period of three years beginning with the date on which the scheme is made; but any levy payments payable by virtue of such a scheme immediately before it ceases to have effect may be recovered as if the scheme were still in force.

39.—(1) For the purpose of obtaining any information re-Provisions quired for the purposes of a scheme under section 38 of this supplementary Act, an authorised officer of the Minister or, in Northern Ireland,to *•38# of the Ministry of Agriculture for Northern Ireland may, on producing if so required a duly authenticated document showing his authority, enter at any reasonable time any premises (other than premises used wholly or mainly as a dwelling) which he has reasonable cause to believe are used for the curing of bacon; and any person who wilfully obstructs any other person in the exercise of the powers conferred on that other person by this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

826

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part V

Grants for break crops.

(2) Any person who wilfully fails to comply with any requirement imposed on him by virtue of section 38(3)(e) of this Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(3) Any person who knowingly or recklessly makes any false entry in any document or any other false statement—

(a) in keeping any record or furnishing any information

which he is required to keep or furnish in pursuance of the said section 38(3) (e); or

(b) for the purpose of obtaining for himself or any other

person a stabilising payment in pursuance of the said section 38; or

(c) for the purpose of avoiding or assisting another person

to avoid any levy payment in pursuance of that section,

shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding four hundred pounds or, on conviction on indictment, to a fine or imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or both.

40.—(1) The Minister may, in accordance with a scheme made with the approval of the Treasury, make payments in respect of break crops of such descriptions as may be specified in the scheme which are grown for harvesting in any period of twelve months so specified or for feeding to stock in any such period.

(2) A scheme under this section may be made by the Minister for England and Wales, for Scotland, for Northern Ireland or for any two or all of those parts of the United Kingdom jointly; and in relation to a scheme made jointly for Scotland and any other part or parts of the United Kingdom, references to the Minister in this section, except subsection (1) and subsection (3)(d), shall be construed as references to the Ministers.

(3) Any scheme under this section may—

(a) specify the rate of payments under the scheme for crops

of any description and provide for different rates for crops of different descriptions and for crops of the same description in different circumstances;

(b) provide for the making of payments under the scheme

in respect of a single period of twelve months, or of consecutive periods of twelve months not exceeding five such periods;

(c) specify the minimum acreage or weight of crop in

respect of which payments may be made to any person and provide for the manner in which acreages and weights are to be determined for the purposes of the scheme;

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

827

(d) make provision as to the persons to whom the payments Part v

may be made and for securing that no payment is made unless it is applied for at such time and in such manner as the Minister may direct;

(e) provide for the payments to be withheld, or for their

amounts to be reduced to any extent determined by or under the scheme, in such circumstances as may be so determined; and

(/) contain provisions generally for securing that the payments are properly made, and such incidental and supplemental provisions as the Minister considers expedient for the purposes of the scheme.

(4) Any person who knowingly or recklessly makes a false statement for the purpose of obtaining for himself or any other person a payment in pursuance of a scheme under this section, shall be liable as mentioned in section 39(3) of this Act.

(5) In this section " break crops " means field beans and any other crops of a kind which, in the opinion of the Minister, it is appropriate to grow with a view to changing temporarily, for the benefit of future crops, the crops on land usually used for growing wheat or barley, but does not include wheat, barley, oats, rye, potatoes and sugar beet.

41.—(1) Section 15(1) of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Grants towards Provisions) Act 1940 (which provides for grants towards, among °°* j" ^tcr other things, expenditure incurred in carrying out certain schemes ^cultural for the supply of water to agricultural land in England and buildings. Wales) shall have effect as if after the words " the supply of 1940 c. 14. water to any such land" there were inserted the words "or to any building used in connection with any such land

(2) Section 16 of the Agriculture Act 1937 (which provides 1937 c. 70. for grants in respect of, among other things, expenditure on the supply of water to agricultural land in Scotland) shall have effect as if after the word "thereto " there were inserted the words " or to any building used by them for the purposes of agriculture as defined in section 86(3) of the Agriculture 1948 c. 45. (Scotland) Act 1948 ".

Miscellaneous

42.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Compensation where in pursuance of any enactment providing for the acquisi- in connection tion or taking of possession of land compulsorily an acquiring authority acquire the interest in an agricultural holding or any acquisition^ part of it of the tenant of the holding or take possession of such a etc. of holding or any part of it, the compensation payable by the agricultural authority to the tenant in connection with the acquisition orho,dings-

828

Ch. 34 Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part V taking of possession shall be assessed without regard to the tenant’s prospects, if any, of remaining in possession of the holding after the relevant date.

(2) In subsection (1) of this section " the relevant date " means the earliest date on which, apart from the acquisition or taking of possession, the landlord could obtain possession of the holding in pursuance of such a notice to quit as is mentioned in paragraph (c) below if—

(a) the tenant exercised any tenant’s option to extend or

renew the tenancy in any case where, apart from this section, he would benefit from doing so; and

(b) the landlord disregarded any provision in the contract

of tenancy or lease enabling him to resume possession of the holding or to determine the tenancy by notice before the date fixed for the expiration of its term or before the termination of the stipulated endurance of the lease; and

(c) the landlord served a valid notice to quit on the tenant

in respect of the holding on the date of service of notice to treat in respect of the acquisition or the date of the taking of possession, as the case may be, or as soon thereafter as he became entitled to serve such a notice to quit; and

(d) the provisions of section 24 of the principal Act or

section 25 of the principal Scottish Act (which restrict the operation of notices to quit) did not apply to the said notice to quit;

and for the purposes of this subsection any such notice as is mentioned in section 3(1) of the principal Act (which refers to notices of intention to terminate the tenancy of an agricultural holding granted for a term of two years or upwards) shall be deemed to be a notice to quit.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to such an acquisition or taking of possession as is there mentioned—

(a) in the case of such an acquisition, unless the date on

which notice to treat in respect of the interest to be acquired is served or treated as served on the tenant by the acquiring authority is after the date of the passing of this Act;

(b) where in the case of such a taking of possession prior

notice of the taking of possession is by virtue of any enactment required to be served on the tenant by the acquiring authority, unless the date on which the notice is so served is after the date of the passing of this Act.

Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

829

(4) Section 17 of this Act shall have effect as if any reference Part V to Part II of this Act, other than the reference in subsection (4), included a reference to the foregoing provisions of this section.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as prejudicing the provisions of any other enactment under which, apart from this section, compensation in respect of any such compulsory acquisition or taking of possession as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section falls to be assessed without regard to the prospects there mentioned.

43.—(1) In Part I of the Plant Varieties and Seeds Act 1964, Amendments

after section 5, there shall be inserted the following section:— of

Varieties and

5A.—(1) Where a name is registered under section seeds Act 5 of this Act for any plant variety, it shall be unlawful 1964. for any person to use, in selling or offering for sale 1964 c. 14. material of that variety being—

(a) reproductive material; or

Requirement to use registered names on sale of reproductive material.

(b) material to which plant breeders* rights are extended under paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 to this Act,

any name which serves or is intended by him to serve to distinguish that material from material of other plant varieties within the same class but is not the name so registered.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to a person who reasonably believes that the material is to be exported from Great Britain.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall have effect in relation to any plant variety from the date on which the grant of plant breeders' rights in respect of that variety takes effect, and shall continue to apply after the period for which those rights are exercisable.

(4) Subsection (1) of this section shall not preclude the use. in connection with the registered name of a plant variety, of any trade mark or trade name

1938 c. 22. (whether registered under the Trade Marks Act 1938 or not) other than a mark or name which is used or intended to be used exclusively in connection with the first-mentioned name.

(5) A person who contravenes this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both; but it shall be

830

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part V

Extension of Agricultural and Forestry Associations Act 1962.

1962 c. 29.

1956 c. 68.

a defence in proceedings under this section to prove—

(a) that the accused took all reasonable precau-

tions against committing an offence of the kind alleged and had not at the time of the alleged offence any reason to suspect that an offence was being committed by him; and

(b) where the accused obtained the reproductive

material to which the alleged offence relates from some other person, that on demand by or on behalf of the prosecutor the accused gave all the information in his power with respect to the name and address of that other person, and with respect to any relevant document in his possession or power relating to the material and the contract of sale.

(6) Subsection (7) of section 5 of this Act shall apply for the interpretation of this section.

(2) The said Act of 1964 shall have effect subject to the further amendments set out in Schedule 7 to this Act, being miscellaneous minor amendments.

(3) Section 39 of the said Act of 1964 shall have effect as if this section (together with the said Schedule 7) were contained in that Act and had been extended to Northern Ireland by Order in Council under subsection (2) of the said section 39.

44.—(1) Section 1 of the Agricultural and Forestry Associations Act 1962 (which confers exemptions from Part I of the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956 for certain co-operative associations formed for purposes of agriculture or forestry) shall apply to corresponding associations of persons engaged in the business of catching or taking fish or shellfish, and accordingly shall have effect as if—

(a) references to persons occupying land used for agriculture

or forestry or both included references to persons engaged in the business aforesaid;

(b) references to produce produced by members of an asso-

ciation on land so occupied and used, and to the production of such produce on such land, included references to fish or shellfish caught or taken by such members, and to the catching or taking of fish or shellfish, in the course of their business.

Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

831

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing provision, the said Part V section 1 shall apply to any cooperative association having as its

object or primary object to assist its members—

(a) in the carrying on of the businesses of agriculture or

forestry or both on land occupied by them; or

(b) in the carrying on of businesses consisting in the catching or taking of fish or shellfish,

whether or not the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1) of that section are satisfied; and for the purposes of this subsection " co-operative association " has the meaning assigned by subsection (9) of section 70 of the Finance 1965 c. 25.

Act 1965, and references to members of a co-operative association include references to members of any such association which is a member of that association.

(3) The restrictions in respect of which exemption from Part I

of the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956 is conferred by sub- 1956 c. 68. section (2) of the said section 1 shall include restrictions accepted or treated as accepted as mentioned in that subsection in respect of the production of produce, the catching or taking of fish or shellfish, or the supply of produce, fish or shellfish by members of an association to which the section applies.

(4) This section shall be construed as one with the Agricultural 1962 c. 29. and Forestry Associations Act 1962.

45.—(1) For the purposes of the Restrictive Trade Practices Modification Act 1956, the definition of "trade association " in section 6(8) of ®f Restrictive that Act shall not include, and shall be deemed never to have^j9^a^Jlces included, a board within the meaning of this section. relation to

(2) Where a board enter into an agreement on or after the commencement date in the exercise only of such powers as are boards, mentioned in subsection (1) of section 20 of the Agricultural 1958 c. 47. Marketing Act 1958 (which section provides, among other things, that certain of a board’s powers with respect to products must be exercised in accordance with any directions given by the Minister for the purpose of safeguarding the public interest) or of such powers as are mentioned in section 36 of that Act (under which a board are empowered, subject to the directions of the Minister, to provide artificial insemination services). Part I of the said Act of 1956 shall not apply to the agreement if—

(a) the board have served notice of the terms of the agree-

ment on the Minister before entering into it; and

(b) either the period of twenty-eight days beginning with

the date of service of the board’s notice on the Minister has expired and the Minister has not during that period served notice on the board that he objects to those

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

terms for the purposes of this subsection or the Minister has served on the board during that period notice that he does not so object; and

(c) the board have furnished a copy of the agreement to the Minister within the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the date on which they entered into it or within such longer period as the Minister may allow in any particular case.

(3) Where a board have entered into an agreement before the commencement date wholly or partly in the exercise of any of the powers mentioned in subsection (2) of this section and either the board served on the Minister, before they entered into the agreement, notice of its terms in pursuance of a requirement to do so contained in a scheme administered by them or the board furnish a copy of the agreement to the Minister within the period of three months beginning with the commencement date. Part I of the said Act of 1956 shall not apply to the agreement—

(a) subject to paragraph (c) below, as respects the period of

fifteen months beginning with the commencement date;

(b) if during the said period of fifteen months or that period

as previously extended under this paragraph the Minister serves notice on the board extending or further extending that period in relation to the agreement, then, subject to paragraph (c) below, as respects the extended period;

(c) if during the said period or extended period the Minister

serves notice on the board that he objects to the agreement for the purposes of this subsection, only as respects the period beginning with the commencement date and ending with the date of service of the notice;

(d) if during the said period or extended period the Minister

serves notice on the board that he does not so object, as respects any period after the commencement date;

and the said Part I shall, as respects any period before the commencement date, be deemed not to have applied to an agreement to which it does not apply by virtue of this subsection as respects a subsequent period.

(4) Subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall have effect in relation to a Northern Ireland board as if for any reference to the powers mentioned in subsection (2) of this section were there substituted a reference to the powers mentioned in subsection (1) of section 14 of the Agricultural Marketing Act (Northern Ireland) 1964 (which section corresponds to the said section 20).

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

833

(5) Where by virtue of any of the provisions of subsections Part V (2) to (4) of this section Part I of the said Act of 1956 does not

apply, or does not apply or is deemed not to have applied as respects any period, to an agreement made between a board and a trade association within the meaning of section 6 of that Act, being an agreement as to the terms for other agreements between the board and persons who are members of the association or are represented thereon by such members, the said Part I shall not apply or, as the case may be, shall not apply or shall be deemed not to have applied as respects that period—

(a) to any such other agreement containing only terms con-

templated by the agreement made between the board and the association;

(b) to any agreement made between two or more of those

persons of which the purpose is confined to promoting the agreements mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection or any of them.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be construed as derogating from the powers of the Minister to give directions at any time under the provisions of the said Acts of 1958 and 1964 which are mentioned in subsections (2) and (4) of this section.

(7) In this section—

" agreement " means an agreement within the meaning of

Part I of the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956 to 1956 c. 68. which, apart from this section, the said Part I applies;

" board " means a board constituted by a scheme made or

having effect as if made under the Agricultural Market- 1958 c. 47. ing Act 1958 and includes a Northern Ireland board;

" the commencement date " means the date of the passing of this Act;

" the Minister ", except in relation to a Northern Ireland board, has the same meaning as in the said Act of 1958 and, in relation to a Northern Ireland board, has the same meaning as in the Agricultural Marketing 1964 c. 13 Act (Northern Ireland) 1964; and (N.I.),

" Northern Ireland board " means a board constituted by a scheme made or having effect as if made under the said Act of 1964;

and for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section an agreement shall be treated as entered into by a board in the exercise only of the powers mentioned in that subsection, or that subsection as modified by subsection (4) of this section, notwithstanding that the agreement contains provisions entered into by the board in the exercise of other powers if the Minister is of opinion that those provisions are incidental provisions only.

2 D

834

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act

46.—(1) The Minister may by regulations—

(a) provide that the functions under the Agricultural Wages Act 1948 of agricultural wages committees established in pursuance of that Act shall include such further functions as the Minister considers appropriate for the purpose of enabling or requiring those committees to give effect to orders made or which may be made by the Agricultural Wages Board for England and Wales under that Act and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions in this paragraph) to determine whether any person is a member of any special class of workers as defined in such an order;

(b) make provision with respect to the procedure to be followed in connection with the exercise of the further functions aforesaid and provide that section 15 of that Act (which relates to evidence of resolutions and orders) shall apply with such modifications as the Minister considers appropriate to decisions made in the exercise of those functions.

(2) In this section " functions " means powers and duties.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland, for any reference to the Agricultural Wages Act 1948 and the Agricultural Wages Board for England and Wales there shall be sub-

1949 c. 30. stituted respectively a reference to the Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act 1949 and the Scottish Agricultural Wages Board.

Further exemp- 47. Section 49 of the Agriculture Act 1967 (under which the tions of trans- transfer of any land in the area of a Rural Development Board frSncontrol of ^res ^® consent of the Board) shall not apply to a transfer Rural to or from a river authority or an internal drainage board within

Development the meaning of the Land Drainage Act 1930; and accordingly Boards. after paragraph (/) of section 50(3) of the said Act of 1967 1967 c. 22. (which exempts certain transfers from the requirement afore-1930 c. 44. said) there shall be inserted the following paragraphs:—

" (g) a river authority (including the Conservators of the River Thames and the Lee Conservancy Catchment Board);

(h) an internal drainage board within the meaning of the Land Drainage Act 1930 ".

Part V

Further functions of agricultural wages committees.

1948 c. 47.

Extension 48. In section 3 of the Parks Regulation (Amendment) Act of s. 3 of Parks 1926 (under which, among other things, the Minister of Agricul-fAmoadmmO ture* Fisheries and Food has power to regulate the conduct of Act 1926. } person using the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew), the second

1926 c 36 reference to the said Gardens shall include a reference to any

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

835

park, garden, recreation ground, open space and other land for the time being vested in or under the control or management of the said Minister.

49. The proviso to subsection (2) of section 53 of the Agricultural Marketing Act 1958 (which restricts the operation in respect of reserved matters of schemes and regulations made under corresponding legislation of the Parliament of Northern Ireland unless it is certified by the Secretary of State that it is expedient that the schemes or regulations should have full effect as subserving the purposes therein described, being purposes of Great Britain) shall have effect with the omission of the words from " as subserving the purposes of " to " produced or sold by them ".

Supplemental

50.—(1) Subject to subsection (7) of section 45 of this Act, in this Act—

"the Minister" means, except in the application of this Act to Scotland, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and, in the application of this Act to Scotland, the Secretary of State;

" the Ministers " means the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Secretary of State acting jointly; and

" notice " means notice in writing.

(2) It is hereby declared that in this Act any reference to a river authority includes a reference to the Conservators of the River Thames and the Lee Conservancy Catchment Board, and any reference to a river authority area is, in relation to the said Conservators, a reference to the Thames catchment area and, in relation to the said Board, a reference to the Lee catchment area.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference to it as amended, and includes a reference to it as applied, by or under any other enactment including an enactment in this Act.

(4) Where an offence under this Act committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

In this subsection " director ", in relation to a body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of

2 D 2

Part V

Amendment of s. 53(2) of the

Agricultural Marketing Act 1958. 1958 c. 47.

Interpretation etc.—general.

836

Ch. 34 Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Part V

Orders, regulations and schemes.

Repeals.

Financial

provisions.

Short title, commencement and extent, etc.

carrying on under national ownership any industry or undertaking or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of that body corporate.

51. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations or a scheme or an order (other than an order under section 23(1)(a)) shall be exercisable by statutory instrument

(2) Any statutory instrument containing an order or regulations made under any provision of this Act, other than an order under section 23(1)<5) and regulations under section 2, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) No scheme shall be made under this Act unless a draft of the scheme has been approved by each House of Parliament

(4) Any order or scheme made under any provision of this Act may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order or scheme made thereunder.

(5) Any order, scheme or regulations under this Act may make different provision for different circumstances; and nothing in any other provision of this Act authorising the making of different provision for such different cases as may be specified in that provision shall be construed as prejudicing the generality of the power conferred by this subsection.

52. The enactments mentioned in Schedule 8 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule.

53. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any expenses incurred by virtue of this Act by any Minister or government department (except the Postmaster General); and

(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of such moneys under any other Act;

and any sums received by the Minister or the Ministers by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

54. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968.

(2) Part I of this Act shall come into operation on the expiration of two months beginning with the date on which this Act is passed.

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

837

(3) This Act, except Part IV and sections 10, 13, 47 and 48, extends to Scotland, and sections 11, 14 and 16 and Part III of this Act extend to Scotland only.

(4) This Part of this Act. except sections 41, 42 and 46 to 48, extends to Northern Ireland; but nothing in this Part of this Act shall restrict the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws with respect to any matter with respect to which that Parliament has power to make laws, and any laws made by that Parliament with respect to any such matters shall have effect notwithstanding anything in section 45 of this Act or in any scheme under section 38 or section 40 of this Act applying to Northern Ireland.

2 D 3

Part V

838

Ch. 34 Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Section 10(7).

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Transitional provisions relating to payments under s. 9 in England and Wales

1. Where the relevant notice is served on the tenant after the initial date but not later than the commencement date and does not contain such a statement as is mentioned in section 24(2Xa) or (6) of the principal Act or section 10(1X6) or (c) of this Act, then—

(a) if an application for consent in respect of the relevant

notice is made in pursuance of section 24(1) of the principal Act not later than the commencement date, any such statement as is mentioned in the said section 10(1X6) which is included in the application shall be treated for the purposes of section 10 of this Act as included also in the relevant notice; and

(b) if, in a case not falling within sub-paragraph (a) above, the landlord serves on the tenant, before or after the commencement date but before the expiration of the period of three months beginning with that date, a notice containing such a statement as is mentioned in the said section 10(1X6) or

(c) and indicating that the relevant notice is to be treated as having always included that statement, the relevant notice shall be so treated for the purposes of the said section 10.

2. Where either—

(a) the relevant notice is served on the tenant not later than the commencement date and contains such a statement as is mentioned in the said section 10(1X6) or (c); or

(6) a notice is served on the tenant under paragraph 1(6) of this Schedule,

and in either case no counter-notice in respect of the relevant notice in question has been served in pursuance of section 24(1) of the principal Act and the period during which such a counter-notice may be served has expired, the tenant may, within the period of three months beginning with the commencement date or, where the notice under paragraph 1(6) of this Schedule is served on a later date, beginning with the later date, make an application to the tribunal for a determination that the tribunal are satisfied that the relevant notice was given in order that the land in question may be used otherwise than for agriculture.

3. Where the tribunal have, on or before the commencement date, given a decision consenting under section 24(1) of the principal Act to the operation of the relevant notice and either—

(a) the reason given by the tribunal for their decision is that they are satisfied as to the matter mentioned in section 25(1X6) of that Act; or

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

839

(6) the reasons so given include that reason but not the reason that they are satisfied as to the matter mentioned in section 25(lXe) of that Act,

the tenant may, at any time before the expiration of the period of three months beginning with the commencement date, make an application to the tribunal for a determination that the reasons for their decision would have included the reason that they were satisfied as to the matter mentioned in the said section 25(1X*) if that matter had been specified in the application for consent

4. Where the tribunal make a determination under paragraph 2 or paragraph 3 of this Schedule, section 10(1) of this Act shall not apply in relation to the relevant notice in question.

5. In this Schedule—

"the commencement date" means the date of the passing of this Act; and

"the relevant notice" and "the tribunal" have the same meanings as in section 10 of this Act

SCHEDULE 2

Transitional provisions relating to payments under s. 9 in Scotland

1. Where the relevant notice (not being a notice given in pursuance of section 6(3) of the Agriculture Act 1958) is served on die tenant after the initial date but not later than the commencement date and does not contain such a statement as is mentioned in section 25(2Xc) of the principal Scottish Act or section ll(lXa) or ( of this Act, then—

(a) if an application for consent in respect of the relevant notice

is made in pursuance of section 25(1) of the principal Scottish Act not later than the commencement date, any such statement as is mentioned in the said section U(1X#) which is included in the application shall be treated for the purposes of section 11 of this Act as included also in the relevant notice; and

(b) if, in a case not falling within sub-paragraph (a) above, the landlord serves on the tenant, before or after the commencement date but before the expiration of the period of three months beginning with that date, a notice containing such a statement as is mentioned in the said section ll(lXa) or

(b) and indicating that the relevant notice is to be treated as having always included that statement, the relevant notice shall be so treated for the purposes of the said section 11.

2. Where the relevant notice is given in pursuance of section 6(3) of the Agriculture Act 1958, is served on the tenant after the initial date but not later than the commencement date and does not contain such a statement as is mentioned in section 11(7X6) of this Act, then,

2 D 4

Sch. 1

Section 11(9).

1958 c. 71.

840

Ch. 34 Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Sch. 2 if the landlord serves on the tenant, before or after the commencement date but before the expiration of the period of three months beginning with that date, a notice containing such a statement as is mentioned in the said section 11(7X6) and indicating that the relevant notice is to be treated as having always included that statement, the relevant notice shall be so treated for the purposes of section 11 of this Act:

Provided that this paragraph shall not have effect where the relevant notice is a notice to which, apart from the provisions of section 19 of this Act, the said section 6(3) would apply.

3. Where the relevant notice is a notice to which, apart from the provisions of the said section 19, the said section 6(3) would apply, and the landlord in a notification to the tenant under section 19(2) of this Act specifies a matter set out in section 26(1) of the principal Scottish Act, then—

(a) in the case of a matter set out in paragraph (a), (6) or (c) of the said section 26(1), the relevant notice shall be treated for the purposes of section ll(lXfl) of this Act as if it had always contained a statement of that matter as a ground on which the carrying out of the purposes for which the landlord proposes to terminate the tenancy is desirable;

(b) in the case of the matter set out in paragraph (< of the said section 26(1), the relevant notice shall be treated for the purposes of section 11(1X6) of this Act as if it had always contained a statement that the landlord would suffer hardship unless the notice had effect

4. Where either—

(a) the relevant notice is served on the tenant not later than

the commencement date and contains such a statement as is mentioned in the said section ll(lXa) or (6); or

(b) a notice is served on the tenant under paragraph 1(6) of this Schedule,

and in either case no counter-notice in respect of the relevant notice in question has been served in pursuance of section 25(1) of the principal Scottish Act and the period during which such a counter-notice may be served has expired, the tenant may, within the period of three months beginning with the commencement date or, where the notice under paragraph 1(6) of this Schedule is served on a later date, beginning with the later date, make an application to the court for a determination that the court are satisfied that the relevant notice was given in order that the land in question may be used otherwise than for agriculture.

5. Where the court have, on or before the commencement date, given a decision consenting under section 25(1) of the principal Scottish Act to the operation of the relevant notice and either—

(a) the reason given by the court for their decision is that they are satisfied as to the matter mentioned in section 26(1X6) of that Act; or

Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

841

(b) the reasons so given include that reason but not the reason that they are satisfied as to the matter mentioned in section 26(1 X*) of that Act, the tenant may, at any time before the expiration of the period of three months beginning with the commencement date, make an application to the court for a determination that the reasons for their decision would have included the reason that they were satisfied as to the matter mentioned in the said section 26(1 Xe) if that matter had been specified in the application for consent

6. Where the court make a determination under paragraph 4 or paragraph 5 of this Schedule, section 11(1) of this Act shall not apply in relation to the relevant notice in question.

7. In this Schedule—

"the commencement date’* means the date of the passing of this Act; and

" the court " and " the relevant notice " have the same meanings as in section 11 of this Act

SCHEDULE 3

Supplementary provisions with respect to payments under s. 12(1) in England and Wales

1. Subject to paragraph 4 of this Schedule, any dispute with respect to any sum which may be or become payable by virtue of section 12(1) of this Act shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.

2. If in any case the sum to be paid by virtue of the said section 12(1) to the tenant of an agricultural holding by an acquiring authority would, apart from this paragraph and paragraph 3 of this Schedule, fall to be ascertained in pursuance of section 9(2) of this Act by reference to the rent of the holding at a rate which was not determined by arbitration under section 8 or section 9 of the principal Act and which the authority consider is unduly high, the authority may make an application to the Lands Tribunal for the rent to be considered by the tribunal.

3. Where, on an application under paragraph 2 above, the tribunal are satisfied that—

(a) the rent to which the application relates is not substantially higher than the rent which in their opinion would be determined for the holding in question on a reference to arbitration duly made in pursuance of section 8 of the principal Act on the date of the application (hereafter in this paragraph referred to as " the appropriate rent "); or

(6) the rent to which the application relates is substantially higher than the appropriate rent but was not fixed by the parties to the relevant contract of tenancy with a view to increasing the amount of any compensation payable, or of any sum to be paid by virtue of the said section 12(1), in

2D*

Sch. 2

Section 13(3).

842

Ch. 34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Sch. 3

1961 c. 33. 1965 c. 56.

Section 14(3).

consequence of the compulsory acquisition or taking of possession of any land included in the holding.

they shall dismiss the application; and if the tribunal do not dismiss the application in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph they shall determine that, in the case to which the application relates, the sum to be paid by virtue of the said section 12(1) shall be ascertained in pursuance of the said section 9(2) by reference to the appropriate rent instead of by reference to the rent to which the application relates.

4. The enactments mentioned in paragraph 5 of this Schedule shall, subject to any necessary modifications, have effect in their application to such an acquiring of an interest or taking of possession as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section 12 of this Act (hereafter in this paragraph referred to as " the relevant event *)—

(a) in so far as those enactments make provision for the doing,

before the relevant event, of any thing connected with compensation (including in particular provision for determining the amount of or the liability to pay compensation or for the payment of it into court or otherwise), as if references to compensation, except compensation for damage or injurious affection, included references to any sum which will become payable by virtue of the said subsection (1) in consequence of the relevant event; and

(b) subject to sub-paragraph (a) above, as if references to compensation (except as aforesaid) included references to sums payable or, as the context may require, to sums paid by virtue of the said subsection (1) in consequence of the relevant event.

5. The enactments aforesaid are—

(a) Part I and section 32 of the Land Compensation Act 1961;

(b) the following provisions of the Compulsory Purchase Act

1965, that is to say, sections 6, 9, 11. 12, 20(4) and (5), 22 (except subsection (4)) and 26; in Schedule 1, paragraphs 6 to 8 and 10; Schedule 2 and Schedule 3;

(c) any provision of the Lands Clauses Acts or of any other

enactment or any instrument having effect by virtue of an enactment, being a provision corresponding to a provision mentioned in sub-paragraph (b) of this paragraph.

SCHEDULE 4

Supplementary provisions with respect to payments under s. 12(1) in Scotland

1. Subject to paragraph 4 of this Schedule, any dispute with respect to any sum which may be or become payable by virtue of section 12(1) of this Act shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal for Scotland.

Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

843

2. If in any case the sum to be paid by virtue of the said section Sch. 4 12(1) to the tenant of an agricultural holding by an acquiring authority

would, apart from this paragraph and paragraph 3 of this Schedule, fall to be ascertained in pursuance of section 9(2) of this Act by reference to the rent of the holding at a rate which was not determined by arbitration under section 7 or section 8, or by the Scottish Land Court in pursuance of section 78, of the principal Scottish Act and which the authority consider is unduly high, the authority may make an application to the Lands Tribunal for Scotland for the rent to be considered by the tribunal.

3. Where, on an application under paragraph 2 above, the tribunal are satisfied that—

(a) the rent to which the application relates is not substantially higher than the rent which in their opinion would be determined for the holding in question on a reference to arbitration duly made in pursuance of section 7 of the principal Scottish Act (hereafter in this paragraph referred to as " the appropriate rent "); or

(b) the rent to which the application relates is substantially higher than the appropriate rent but was not fixed by the parties to the relevant lease with a view to increasing the amount of any compensation payable, or of any sum to be paid by virtue of the said section 12(1), in consequence of the compulsory acquisition or taking of possession of any land included in the holding,

they shall dismiss the application; and if the tribunal do not dismiss the application in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph they shall determine that, in the case to which the application relates, the sum to be paid by virtue of the said section 12(1) shall be ascertained in pursuance of the said section 9(2) by reference to the appropriate rent instead of by reference to the rent to which the application relates.

For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph, section 7(1) of the principal Scottish Act shall have effect as if for the reference to the next ensuing day there mentioned there were substituted a reference to the date of the application mentioned in the said sub-paragraph (a).

4. The enactments mentioned in paragraph 5 of this Schedule shall, subject to any necessary modifications, have effect in their application to such an acquiring of an interest or taking of possession as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section 12 of this Act (hereafter in this paragraph referred to as " the relevant event ")—

(a) in so far as those enactments make provision for the doing, before the relevant event, of any thing connected with compensation (including in particular provision for determining the amount of or the liability to pay compensation or for the deposit of it in a Scottish bank or otherwise), as if references to compensation, except compensation for damage or injurious affection, included references to any sum which will become payable by virtue of the said subsection (1) in consequence of the relevant event; and

2 D 2*

844

Ch. 34 Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Sch. 4

1845 c. 19.

1947 c. 42. 1963 c. 51. 1968 c. 16.

1949 c. 42.

Section 16.

1931 c. 44.

(b) subject to sub-paragraph (a) above, as if references to compensation (except as aforesaid) included references to sums payable or, as the context may require, to sums paid by virtue of the said subsection (1) in consequence of the relevant event.

5. The enactments aforesaid are—

(a) the following provisions of the Lands Clauses (Scotland) Act 1845, that is to say, sections 56 to 60, 62, 63 to 65, 67 to 70, 72. 74 to 79. 83 to 87. 114, 115 and 117;

(6) paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1947;

(c) Parts I and II and section 40 of the Land Compensation

(Scotland) Act 1963;

(d) paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to the New Towns (Scotland) Act

1968;

(e) any provision in any local or private Act, in any instrument

having effect by virtue of an enactment or in any order or scheme confirmed by Parliament or brought into operation in accordance with special parliamentary procedure, corresponding to a provision mentioned in sub-paragraph (a), (6) or (d) of this paragraph.

6. Until sections 1 to 3 of the Lands Tribunal Act 1949 come into force as regards Scotland, this Schedule shall have effect as if for any reference to the Lands Tribunal for Scotland there were substituted a reference to an official arbiter appointed under Part I of the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963; and sections 3 to 5 of that Act shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, in relation to the determination of any question under this Schedule by an arbiter so appointed.

SCHEDULE 5

Modifications of Part II for statutory small tenants in

Scotland

1. In section 9(3), at the end there shall be added the words 44 and the reference to compensation for disturbance becoming payable to the tenant of an agricultural holding under the principal Scottish Act shall include a reference to the like compensation becoming payable to a statutory small tenant under section 13 of the Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1931

2. In section 11(5), after the words "Scottish Act", there shall be inserted the words " and that Act as read with section 32 of the Act of 1911 " and for the words " that Act " there shall be substituted the words " the principal Scottish Act ".

3. In section 11(6), in paragraph (b) after the word "lease ", there shall be inserted the words " , or of the holding or part of the holding of a statutory small tenant on being so authorised by the Scottish Land Court under section 32(15) of the Act of 1911,".

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

845

4. In section 15(1), at the end there shall be added the following subsection—

" (1a) Except where compensation assessed in accordance with this subsection would be less than if this subsection were disregarded, in assessing the compensation payable by an acquiring authority to a statutory small tenant as defined in the Act of 1911 in connection with such an acquiring of an interest or taking of possession as is mentioned in section 12(1) of this Act, any authorisation of resumption of the holding or part thereof by the Scottish Land Court under section 32(15) of the Act of 1911 for any purpose (not being an agricultural purpose) specified therein shall—

(a) in the case of an acquisition, be treated as if it became operative only on the expiration of twelve months from the end of the year of the tenancy current when notice to treat in respect of the acquisition was served or treated as served on the tenant; and

(b) in the case of a taking of possession, be disregarded.".

5. In section 15(3), after the word "section " there shall be inserted the words " or the landlord of the holding of a statutory small tenant resumes the holding or part thereof on being so authorised by the Scottish Land Court under section 32(15) of the Act of 1911

6. In Schedule 4, in paragraph 2 after the words " Scottish Act ", there shall be inserted the words " or in the case of a statutory small tenant was not fixed by the Scottish Land Court in pursuance of subsections (7) and (8) of section 32 of the Act of 1911

7. In Schedule 4, in paragraph 3(a) after the word "Act " there shall be inserted the words 44 or in the case of a statutory small tenancy, the equitable rent which in their opinion would be fixed by the Scottish Land Court in pursuance of the said subsections (7) and (8)

8. In this Schedule, "the Act of 1911 " means the Small Landholders (Scotland) Act 1911.

SCHEDULE 6 Consequential modifications of Part I of land

DRAINAGE ACT 1961

1. The following provisions of the principal Act shall cease to have effect, that is to say, section 1(2) and (3), section 2, section 4(2) and (4), section 7, section 8(lXcXii) and (2), in section 8(3) the words 44 or of the said subsection (2) ", section 9(4), in section 10(3) the words 44 section 7 or " and section 14.

2. For references to chargeable hereditaments in Part I of the principal Act, except section 12, there shall be substituted references to chargeable land, and for the references to a chargeable hereditament in that section and for other references to hereditaments in that Part there shall be substituted references to land.

2 D 3*

Sch. 5

1911 c. 49.

Section 27(1). 1961 c. 48.

846

Ch. 34 Agriculture {Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968

Sch. 6

Section 43(2). 1964 c. 14.

3. Without prejudice to the operation of section 29(2) of this Act, the references to Part I of the principal Act in sections 3(1), 13 and 16 of that Act shall include references to the charges provisions.

4. In section 4(3) of the principal Act for references to section 4(2) of that Act there shall be substituted references to section 23(1) of this Act.

5. In section 16 of the principal Act for the definition of "chargeable hereditament* there shall be substituted the words 444chargeable land’ has the meaning assigned to it by section 29(1) of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 *.

6. In this Schedule expressions defined by sections 21(2) and 29(1) of this Act have the same meanings as in those provisions.

SCHEDULE 7

Minor amendments of plant varieties and sbeds act 1964

In section 1, in subsection (4), at the end there shall be added the words 44 or any decision preliminary to the determination erf such an application as to the conditions laid down in section 2 of this Act*.

In section 20, subsection (5) shall be omitted.

In section 21, in subsection (1), the words 44 but which is not in the Index* shall be omitted, and at the end there shall be added the words 44 but is not given in that section of the Index or is not so given for that variety *.

In section 22, in subsection (6), after the words 44 for the purpose * there shall be inserted the words44 of increasing the stock of the person who acquired it, or for the purpose *.

In section 23, for the words 44 any of the three last foregoing sections ", wherever those words occur, there shall be substituted the words 44 section 21 or section 22 of this Act *'.

After section 23, there shall be inserted the following section:—

Coordi- 23a. The power of the Ministers to make regulations nation of for the purposes of sections 20 and 22 of this Act under 0nS shall include power to make such provision as they con-sections 20 sider appropriate for requiring the making of applications and 22. under each of these sections in respect of any plant variety, for synchronising or co-ordinating such applications, and for regulating the commencement of trials pursuant thereto.

In Schedule 1, in paragraph 1(3), for the words 44 the applicant from making " there shall be substituted the words 44 the making of".

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 Ch. 34

847

In Schedule 1, in paragraph 1(5), for the words " shall not give " there shall be substituted the words " may refuse ", and at the end there shall be added the words " or that the rule set out in paragraph 2 of Part II of Schedule 2 to this Act is not complied with in the case of the variety

In Schedule 1, in paragraph 3(2), at the end there shall be added the words " not being a decision given on the application of the applicant in whose favour the direction was made

In Schedule 1, in paragraph 4, after sub-paragraph (1) there shall be inserted the following sub-paragraph—

(1A) An appeal shall lie to the Tribunal against a decision under this paragraph to terminate the period for which plant breeders' rights are exercisable.

In Part II of Schedule 2, in paragraph 2(5), the words " which having been ", and the words from " has been found " to the end, shall be omitted.

SCHEDULE 8 Repeals

Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

1944 c. 28. The Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1944. Section 5, except in its application to Scotland.

1958 c. 47. The Agricultural Marketing Act 1958. In section 53(2), the words from " as subserving " to " them".

1961 c. 48. The Land Drainage Act 1961. Sections 1(2) and (3), 2 and 4(2) and (4). In section 6(2), the words from "affixed" to "and". Section 7. In section 8, sub-paragraph (ii) of subsection (lXc), subsection (2), and in subsection (3) the words " or of the said subsection (2) " and the words " owner and ". Section 9(4). In section 10(3), the words " section 7 or ". Section 14. Section 22(3).

1963 c. 25. The Finance Act 1963. In Schedule 12, sub-paragraphs (1) to (6) of paragraph 24.

1964 c. 14. The Plant Varieties and Seeds Act 1964. Section 20(5). In section 21(1), the words "but which is not in the Index ". In Part n of Schedule 2, in paragraph 2(5), the words "which having been" and the words from "has been found" onwards.

2 D 4*

Sch. 7

Section 52.

848

Ch. 35

Water Resources Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 35

An Act to amend section 27 of the Water Resources Act 1963 and for purposes connected therewith.

[3rd July 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Amendment of Water Resources Act 1963, s. 27.

1963 c. 38.

1.—(1) In section 27 of the Water Resources Act 1963 (which relates to the persons entitled to apply for a licence under that Act to abstract water), the following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (3):—

" (3) In relation to abstractions from underground strata, a person shall be entitled to make such an application if either—

(a) he is the occupier of land consisting of or comprising

those underground strata, or (b) in a case where water contained in an excavation into underground strata is, by virtue of section 2(2 )(b) of this Act, to be treated as water contained

in those underground strata, he satisfies the river authority that he has, or at the time when the proposed licence is to take effect will have, a right of access to land consisting of or comprising those underground strata.".

(2) In subsection (4) of that section, after the words "land of any description ", there shall be inserted " (a) ", and at the end of that subsection there shall be inserted the words " and

(b) without prejudice to the application of the preceding paragraph to a person who is or can be authorised to acquire land compulsorily, also includes any person who satisfies the river authority that by virtue of any enactment (in this section

Water Resources Act 1968

Ch. 35

849

referred to as ‘ the relevant enactment ’) the compulsory acquisition by that person of land of that description either has been authorised or can be authorised and has been initiated.

(5) In subsection (4 )(b) of this section the reference to initiating the compulsory acquisition of land by a person is a reference to—

(a) the submission to the appropriate Minister of a draft of an order which, if made by that Minister in the form of the draft, will authorise that person to acquire that land compulsorily, with or without other land, or

(b) the submission to the appropriate Minister of an order which, if confirmed by that Minister as submitted, will authorise that person to acquire that land compulsorily, with or without other land,

and in this section * the appropriate Minister ’, in relation to a person, means the Minister who, in accordance with the relevant enactment, is empowered to authorise that person to acquire land compulsorily, and any reference to an enactment includes a reference to an enactment contained in this Act."

(3) Where any statutory provision (including a provision contained in the said Act of 1963) refers to section 27 of that Act, or refers (in whatever terms) to provisions of that Act which include that section, the reference, in so far as it is applicable to that section, shall be construed as a reference to that section as amended by this section.

(4) The amendment made by subsection (2) of this section, and any modification of a statutory provision made by subsection (3) of this section, in so far as that modification corresponds to that amendment, shall have effect for enabling applications for licences under the said Act of 1963 (or under that Act as applied by any statutory provision) to be made at any time after the passing of this Act, whether the compulsory acquisition in question is authorised or initiated (as mentioned in that amendment) after, or has been so authorised or initiated before, the passing of this Act.

(5) In this section " statutory provision " has the meaning assigned to it by section 135(1) of the said Act of 1963.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Water Resources Act Short title, 1968; and the Water Resources Act 1963 and this Act may be citation and cited together as the Water Resources Acts 1963 and 1968. extent.

(2) This Act does not extend to Scotland or to Northern 1963 c* 38‘ Ireland.

850

Ch. 36

Increase of maximum payments for children.

Supplementary.

Short title, extent, commencement and repeal.

1960 c. 48.

Maintenance Orders Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 36

An Act to amend the enactments relating to matrimonial, guardianship and affiliation proceedings so far as they limit the weekly rate of the maintenance payments which may be ordered by magistrates’ courts.

[3rd July 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The enactments described in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule, being amendments removing the limits of fifty shillings and seven pounds ten shillings imposed by those enactments upon the weekly rate of the payments for the maintenance of a child, and for the maintenance of a party to a marriage, which may be required by order of a magistrates* court thereunder.

2. Any order made by a magistrates’ court before the date of the commencement of this Act may be varied so as to include, from the date of the variation, provision for the payment of such increased sums as would have been lawful if the order had been made after the first mentioned date.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Maintenance Orders Act 1968.

(2) This Act does not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the period of one month beginning with the day on which it is passed.

(4) Section 15 of the Matrimonial Proceedings (Magistrates’ Courts) Act 1960 is hereby repealed.

Maintenance Orders Act 1968

Ch. 36

851

SCHEDULE

Section 1.

Enactments Amended

The Guardianship of Infants In section 7, in subsection (1), para-Act 1925. graph ( ) of the proviso shall be

(15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 45.) omitted.

The Affiliation Proceedings In section 4, in paragraph (a) of sub-Act 1957. section (2), the words " not exceeding

(5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 55.) fifty shillings a week " shall be

omitted.

The Maintenance Orders Act In section 4, in subsection (3), for the 1958. words from " whichever " to the end

(6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 39.) there shall be substituted the words

" the rate of payments specified by the order as made or last varied by the original court *\

The Matrimonial Proceed- In section 2, in paragraphs and (c) mgs (Magistrates* Courts) of subsection (1), the words " not Act 1960. exceeding seven pounds ten shillings "

(8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 48.) shall be omitted; and in paragraph

(h) of that subsection for the words from "payments by way of a weekly sum " to " fifty shillings ’’ there shall be substituted the words " weekly payments ’*.

The Matrimonial Causes Act In section 24, in paragraph (a) of 1965. subsection (2), the words " at a rate

(1965 c. 72.) not exceeding seven pounds ten

shillings a week’* and the words " at a rate not exceeding fifty shillings a week in respect of each such child * shall be omitted; and in paragraph

(b) of that subsection for the words from " at rates ’* to " rate aforesaid * there shall be substituted the words " an order increasing *.

852

Ch. 37

Education (No. 2) Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 37

An Act to make further provision for the government and conduct of colleges of education and other institutions of further education maintained by local education authorities, and of special schools so maintained.

[3rd July 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Government and conduct of colleges of education and other institutions providing further education.

1944 c. 31.

1.—(1) For every institution maintained by a local education authority, being either—

(a) a college for the training of teachers (in this section referred to as a college of education); or

(b) an institution, other than a college of education, providing full-time education pursuant to a scheme of further education approved under section 42 of the Education Act 1944,

there shall be an instrument (to be known as an instrument of government) providing for the constitution of a body of governors of the institution.

(2) The instrument of government for any such institution shall be made, in the case of a college of education, by order of the local education authority with the approval of the Secretary of State, and in any other case by order of the local education authority, and the body of governors to be constituted thereunder shall consist of such number of persons, appointed in such manner, as the local education authority or, in the case of a college of education, that authority with the approval of the Secretary of State may determine.

Education (No. 2) Act 1968

Ch. 37

853

(3) Every such institution shall be conducted in accordance with articles of government, to be made by order of the local education authority with the approval of the Secretary of State; and those articles shall determine the functions to be exercised respectively, in relation to the institution, by the local education authority, the body of governors, the principal, and the academic board, if any.

(4) A local education authority may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, make an arrangement for the constitution of a single governing body for any two or more such institutions maintained by them as are mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section; and the governing body constituted in pursuance of any such arrangement shall consist of such number of persons, appointed in such manner, as the local education authority may determine.

2. —(1) For every special school maintained by a local Government education authority there shall be an instrument (to be known conduct as an instrument of government) providing for the constitution

of a body of governors of the school.

(2) The instrument of government for any such school shall be made by order of the local education authority, and the body of governors to be constituted thereunder shall consist of such number of persons, appointed in such manner, as that authority may determine.

(3) Every such school shall be conducted in accordance with articles of government to be made by order of the local education authority.

(4) A local education authority may make an arrangement for the constitution of a single governing body for any two or more special schools maintained by them; and the governing body constituted in pursuance of any such arrangement shall consist of such number of persons, appointed in such manner, as the local education authority may determine.

(5) For the purposes of section 21 of the Education Act 1944 1944 c. 31. and Schedule 4 to that Act (proceedings of managers and governors of county and voluntary schools) and of section 24 of that

Act (appointment and dismissal of teachers in such schools) a special school maintained by a local education authority shall be treated as if it were a county school.

3, —(1) The articles of government made under this Act for supplemental, any establishment may regulate the constitution and functions of committees of the body of governors or of any academic board

of that establishment, and of sub-committees of such committees.

854

Ch. 37

Education (No, 2) Act 1968

1944 c. 3J.

Commence-

ment.

1889 c. 63.

(2) Every arrangement made under subsection (4) of section 1 or subsection (4) of section 2 of this Act may be terminated at any time by the local education authority by which it was made; and while such an arrangement is in force with respect to any establishments—

(a) the foregoing provisions of this Act as to the constitution of the body of governors shall not apply to those establishments; and

(b) for the purposes of any enactment the governing body constituted in accordance with the arrangement shall be deemed to be the body of governors of each of those establishments, and references to a governor in any enactment shall, in relation to each of those establishments, be construed accordingly.

(3) The following provisions of the Education Act 1944, that is to say—

(a) subsection (1) of section 67 (determination of disputes

between local education authorities and managers or governors of schools);

(b) section 68 (power to prevent unreasonable exercise of functions by local education authorities or by managers or governors of county or voluntary schools);

(c) section 99 (powers of Secretary of State in default of

local education authorities or managers or governors of county or voluntary schools),

shall apply in relation to establishments to which this Act applies and governors of those establishments as they apply in relation to county schools and governors of county schools.

(4) References in this Act to provisions of the Education Act 1944 are references thereto as amended by or under any subsequent enactment.

4.—(1) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument appoint; and different days may be appointed under this section for the purposes of different classes of establishments.

(2) Without prejudice to section 37 of the Interpretation Act 1889, any instrument of government or articles of government to be made under this Act for any establishment and any arrangement under this Act for the constitution of a single governing body for two or more establishments may be made so as to come into force before the date on which this Act comes into force in relation to establishments of that class, and any functions to be exercised under that instrument or arrangement or those articles may be exercised accordingly.

Education (No. 2) Act 1968

Ch. 37

855

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Education (No. 2) Act Short title,

1968, and shall be included among the Acts which may be citation,

cited together as the Education Acts 1944 to 1968. construction

and extent.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the Education Acts 1944 to 1968.

(3) This Act does not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

856

Ch. 38

Sale of Venison (Scotland) Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 38

An Act to make provision for the registration of dealers in venison, for the keeping of records by such dealers; and for matters in connection therewith.

[3rd July 1968]

Bb it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Registration of venison dealers etc.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act,

(a) every local authority shall maintain a register of persons carrying on business in their area as dealers in venison; and

(b) after the expiry of twelve months from the passing of this Act no person shall sell (whether by wholesale or retail) or offer or expose for sale or have in his possession for sale at any premises in the area of a local authority any venison unless he is entered for the time being in accordance with the provisions of this Act in the register maintained by the authority under this section:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to the sale, offer or exposure for sale by any person to a registered venison dealer of the carcase or part of the carcase of a deer lawfully killed or taken.

(2) Every local authority shall, on application being made to them for that purpose by any person carrying on or proposing to carry on business in their area as a dealer in venison and on payment of a fee of ten shillings, or such other fee as may be

<^»

Sale of Venison (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 38

857

prescribed, register that person as a dealer in venison and issue to him a certificate of registration.

(3) Every local authority by whom certificates of registration are issued under this section shall, as soon as may be after the first day of January in each year, make a return to the Red Deer Commission in the prescribed form showing the names and addresses of the persons who on that day were entered in the register maintained by them under this section as dealers in venison.

(4) Any person who contravenes any of the provisions of subsection (1)(6) of this section shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.

2.—(1) Every registered venison dealer shall keep or cause to be kept a book wherein shall be entered records in die prescribed form, of all purchases and receipts of venison by him, and shall enter or cause to be entered in such book forthwith the prescribed particulars of such purchases and receipts, which shall include where possible particulars as to the sex and species of deer, but which shall not include particulars as to price.

(2) Any person authorised in writing in that behalf by the Secretary of State or by the Red Deer Commission and showing his written authority when so requested may inspect any book kept in pursuance of this section; and it shall be the duty of the dealer and of every person keeping such book to produce for inspection by such authorised person such book and also all venison on the premises, together with all invoices, consignment notes, receipts and other documents (including copies thereof where the originals are not available) which may be required to verify any entry in such book, and to allow such authorised person to take copies of such book or documents or extracts therefrom.

(3) Any book kept by a person in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section shall be kept by him until the end of the period of three years beginning with the day on which the last entry was made in the book and any such documents as are mentioned in the last foregoing subsection shall be kept for a period of three years beginning with the date of the entry to which they refer.

(4) Any registered venison dealer who fails to comply with any provision of this section, and any person who obstructs any person entitled under this section to inspect any book or document in the making of such inspection, or who knowingly

Registered venison dealers to keep records.

858

Ch. 38

Sale of Venison (Scotland) Act 1968

Interpretation.

1947 c. 43.

Short title and extent.

or recklessly makes or causes to be made in such book any entry which is false or misleading in any material particular, shall be guilty of an offence under this Act and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.

3. For the purposes of this Act unless the context otherwise requires—

" deer " means deer of any species;

" local authority " means the council of any county or any large burgh and in this Act a reference to a county council shall be construed, in relation to counties combined for the purposes mentioned in section 118(1) of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947, as a reference to the joint county council;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by statutory instrument by the Secretary of State subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament;

" registered venison dealer " means a person who is registered in pursuance of section 1 of this Act; and

" venison " means the carcase or any part of the carcase of a deer but does not include venison packed, canned or processed for sale or prepared for consumption at a meal.

4. This Act may be cited as the Sale of Venison (Scotland) Act 1968 and shall extend to Scotland only.

Ch. 39

859

Gas and Electricity Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 39

An Act to increase the statutory limits on the amounts outstanding in respect of borrowings by the Gas Council and Area Gas Boards; to provide for the borrowing by the Electricity Council, the Scottish Electricity Boards and the Gas Council of money in foreign currency; to enable the said Councils and Boards and other electricity authorities to furnish overseas aid; to increase the number of members of the Gas Council; and for connected purposes.

[3rd July 1968]

Bb rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In section 42(3) of the Gas Act 1948 (which limits Extension of the aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of any loans borrowing raised by the Gas Council or any Area Gas Board) for the words " £900 million or such greater sum, not exceeding £1,200 million, anci Area Gas as the Minister may by order speedy ", there shall be substituted Boards, the words 1948 c. 67.

"£1,600 million, or such greater sum, not exceeding £2,400 million, as the Minister may by order specify ".

(2) No order shall be made under the said section 42(3) as amended by this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before the Commons House of Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of that House; and so much of section 71(3) of the Gas Act 1948 as provides that orders under that Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament shall not apply to an order under the said section 42(3).

860

Ch. 39

Gas and Electricity Act 1968

1965 c. 60.

1963 c. 59.

Power of Electricity Council to borrow foreign currency by issue of securities.

1957 c. 48.

1946 c. 58.

1947 c. 14.

(3) In consequence of subsection (1) above—

(a) the Gas (Borrowing Powers) Act 1965 shall cease to have effect, and

(b) in section 2(2) of the Electricity and Gas Act 1963 (which specifies enactments which limit the amount of the Government advances authorised to be made to the Gas Council and other bodies under that section) for the words "or the Gas (Borrowing Powers) Act 1965", there shall be substituted the words " or the Gas and Electricity Act 1968

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Electricity Council may borrow, from such persons and on such terms as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, from time to time specify, any sums of foreign currency by the issue of stock, bonds, or other securities under this section for all or any of the purposes mentioned in section 15(2) of the Electricity Act 1957 and the redemption of securities previously issued under this section, and they may create and issue securities required for the purpose of borrowing money in manner aforesaid.

(2) The amount outstanding in respect of the principal of any securities issued under this section shall be included in the aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of loans raised by the Electricity Council and Electricity Boards in England and Wales which is subject to the limit imposed by section 15(5) of the Electricity Act 1957; but this subsection shall not prevent the Electricity Council from borrowing in excess of the said limit for the purpose of redeeming any securities issued under this section which they are required or entitled to redeem.

(3) Section 17 (Treasury guarantees), 18(1) to (3) (estimates of Boards* requirements and allocations to them of liabilities in respect of British Electricity Stock) and 19 (central guarantee fund) of the Electricity Act 1957 shall have effect as if references to British Electricity Stock included references to securities issued under this section.

(4) The prohibition contained in subsection (6) of section 15 of the Electricity Act 1957 of borrowing except in accordance with the provisions of that section shall not apply to borrowing under this section.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be taken as exempting the Electricity Council from the provisions of any order under section 1 of the Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) Act 1946 or from the provisions of the Exchange Control Act 1947.

Gas and Electricity Act 1968

Ch. 39

861

3. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Scottish Power of Electricity Boards may borrow, from such persons and on such ^otti?h. terms as the Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury, from time to time specify, any sums of foreign currency borrow foreign by the issue of stock, bonds or other securities under this section currency by for all or any of the purposes mentioned in section 12(2) of the issue of Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland) Act 1943 and the86011111*®8* redemption of securities previously issued under this section, 1943 c- 32-and they may create and issue securities required for the purpose

of borrowing money in manner aforesaid.

(2) The amount outstanding in respect of the principal of any securities issued under this section shall be included in the aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of loans raised by the Scottish Electricity Boards which is subject to the limit imposed by section 47(7) of the Electricity Act 1947; but this 1947 c. 54. subsection shall not prevent the Scottish Electricity Boards from borrowing in excess of the said limit for the purpose of redeeming

any securities issued under this section which they are required or entitled to redeem.

(3) Section 14 of the Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland)

Act 1943 (power of Treasury to guarantee loans to Scottish Electricity Boards) shall apply to any loan proposed to be raised by the Scottish Electricity Boards under this section.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be taken as exempting the Scottish Electricity Boards from the provisions of any order

under section 1 of the Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) 1946 c. 58. Act 1946 or from the provisions of the Exchange Control Act 1947 c. 14. 1947.

(5) In this section " the Scottish Electricity Boards " means the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board and the South of Scotland Electricity Board.

4. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Gas Power of Gas Council may borrow, from such persons and on such terms as Council to the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, from time

to time specify, any sums of foreign currency by the issue of^ueof y stock, bonds or other securities under this section for all or any securities, of the purposes mentioned in section 42(2) of the Gas Act 1948 1948 c. 67. and the redemption of securities previously issued under this section, and they may create and issue securities required for the purpose of borrowing money in manner aforesaid.

(2) The amount outstanding in respect of the principal of any securities issued under this section shall be included in the aggregate of amounts outstanding in respect of loans raised by the Gas Council and Area Gas Boards which is subject to the limit imposed by section 42(3) of the Gas Act 1948; but this

862 Ch. 39 and Electricity Act 1968

subsection shall not prevent the Gas Council from borrowing in excess of the said limit for the purpose of redeeming any securities issued under this section which they are required or entitled to redeem.

1948 c. 67. (3) Section 45 of the Gas Act 1948 (Treasury guarantees) shall

have effect as if the reference to British Gas Stock, other than that issued for the purpose of satisfying a right to compensation which under that Act is expressly required to be satisfied by the issue of stock, included a reference to securities issued under this section, and section 44(1) to (3) (estimates of Area Boards* requirements and allocation to them of liabilities in respect of British Gas Stock) and section 46 (central guarantee fund) of that Act shall have effect as if references to British Gas Stock included references to securities so issued.

(4) The prohibition contained in subsection (4) of section 42 of the Gas Act 1948 of borrowing save as provided by that section shall not apply to borrowing under this section.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be taken as exempting the Gas Council from the provisions of any order under section 1 of

1946 c. 58. the Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) Act 1946 or from the

1947 c. 14. provisions of the Exchange Control Act 1947.

Furnishing of 5, Each of the following bodies, namely, the Electricity Council, overseas aid the Central Electricity Generating Board, an Area Electricity by electricity Board in England and Wales, the Gas Council and an Area authorities. Gas Board shall have power, with the consent of the Minister, and the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board and the South of Scotland Electricity Board shall have power, with the consent of the Secretary of State, to enter into and carry out agreements with the Minister of Overseas Development whereunder the body acts, at the expense of that Minister, as the instrument by means whereof technical assistance is furnished by him in exercise of the power conferred on him by section 1(1) of the 1966 c. 21. Overseas Aid Act 1966.

Power to appoint farther additional members of Gas Council.

1965 c. 60.

6. Section 2 of the Gas Act 1965 (which entitles the Minister to appoint, from amongst persons appearing to him to be qualified as mentioned in paragraph (a) of section 5(4) of the Gas Act 1948 (constitution of Gas Council) not more than three persons to be additional members of that Council) shall have effect with the substitution, for the words " three persons *’, of the words " five persons *.

Interpretation. 7.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise

requires—

" the Minister * means the Minister of Power; and " foreign currency " means any currency other than sterling.

Gas and Electricity Act 1968

Ch. 39

863

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment, and includes a reference to it as applied by any subsequent enactment.

8. This Act may be cited as the Gas and Electricity Act 1968. Short title.

Ch. 40

865

Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 40

An Act to increase family allowances under the Family Allowances Act 1965 and make related adjustments of certain benefits under the National Insurance Act 1965 or the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965, and for connected purposes.

[3rd. July 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The allowances payable under the Family Allowances Increase Act 1965, as amended by the Family Allowances and National of family Insurance Act 1967, for periods after the coming into force allowances of this subsection shall be increased by three shillings, and ^endments accordingly in relation to any such period the said Act of 1965, 1965 53

as so amended, shall be further amended as follows— 1967 *

(a) in section 1 (payment and amount of allowances) for the words from " an allowance " to the end there shall be substituted the words " an allowance in respect of each child in the family other than the elder or eldest at the rate of eighteen shillings a week in respect of the first child other than the elder or eldest and twenty shillings a week in respect of each other such child

(b) in section 3(2) and in the proviso to paragraph 1(1) of the Schedule (minimum weekly contribution required from a person towards the maintenance of a child not living with him if the child is to be included in a family as being his issue or maintained by him) for the words 44 fifteen shillings a week " there shall be substituted the words " eighteen shillings a week

2 E

8 66

1967 c. 90. 1965 c. 51.

1965 c. 52. 1967 c. 73.

1965 c. 53. Expenses.

Ch. 40 Family Allowances and National Insurance

Act 1968

and section 1(1) of the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1967 is hereby repealed.

(2) The following rates of benefit provided by Schedule 3 to the National Insurance Act 1965, as amended by the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1967, namely those specified in column 4 (increases for second qualifying child) and those specified in column 5 (increases for each additional qualifying child), shall each be decreased by three shillings; and accordingly—

(a) for the provisions of that Schedule as set out in Schedule 1

to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1967 there shall be substituted the provisions set out in Schedule 1 to this Act; and

(b) in the said Act of 1967, section 1(2) and Part I of Schedule

1 are hereby repealed.

(3) In the provisions of Schedule 3 to the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965, as set out in Schedule 6 to the National Insurance Act 1967, there shall be made in paragraphs 7 and 11 (as amended by the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1967) the further amendments provided for by Schedule 2 to this Act (being amendments decreasing certain rates of benefit payable in respect of children); and accordingly, in the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1967, section 1(3) and Part I of Schedule 2 are hereby repealed.

(4) Section 114(2)(c) of the National Insurance Act 1965 and section 86(2)(c) of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 (under which references in those Acts to a person having a family which includes a child or children or to a child of a person’s family are to be construed by reference to the operation of the Family Allowances Act 1965) shall have effect by reference to the operation of the Family Allowances Act 1965 as amended by subsection (1)(Z?) above.

2.—(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of such moneys under the Family Allowances Act 1965.

(2) Subject to the provision made by section 85 of the National Insurance Act 1965 for reimbursement out of the National Insurance Fund or by section 61 of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 for reimbursement out of the Industrial Injuries Fund, there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the expenses of the Minister of Social Security or any other government department which are so payable under either of those sections.

867

Family Allowances and National Insurance Ch. 40

Act 1968

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1968, and—

(< a) the Family Allowances Acts 1965 and 1967 and this Act may be cited together as the Family Allowances Acts 1965 to 1968;

(b) the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1967 and this Act

may be cited together as the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1968; and

(c) the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts 1965 to

1967 and this Act may be cited together as the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts 1965 to 1968.

(2) This Act—

(a) in relation to allowances under the Family Allowances Act 1965 shall be construed as one with that Act;

(b) in relation to benefit under the National Insurance Act 1965 shall be construed as one with that Act;

(c) in relation to benefit under the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 shall be construed as one with that Act.

(3) Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the commencement of section 1 of this Act and with respect to the transitory matters dealt with in that Schedule.

2 E 2

Citation, construction, commencement and transitory provisions.

1965 c. 53.

1965 c. 51.

1965 c. 52.

868

Section 1.

Ch. 40 Family Allowances and National Insurance

Act 1968

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Provisions to be Substituted in Schedule 3 of National Insurance

Act 1965

o

Rates of Periodical Benefits and of Increases for Dependants

1 Description of Benefit 2 Weekly rate 3 Increase for only, elder or eldest qualifying child 4 Increase for second quali- fying child 5 Increase for each additional qualifying child 6 Increase for adult dependant (where payable)

1. Unemployment or sickness benefit under s. 19(2)— (a) in the case of a person over the age of 18, not being a £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

married woman (b) in the case of a person under the age of 18, not being a married woman— (i) during any period during which that person is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult 4 10 0 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 2 16 0

dependant (ii) during any other 4 10 0 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 2 16 0

period (c) in the case of a married woman over the age of 18— (i) during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is not residing with her husband nor is he contributing to her maintenance at not less than the relevant 2 10 0

rate (ii) during any other 4 10 0 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 2 16 0

period (</) in the case of a married woman under the age of 18— (i) during any period during 3 2 0 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 2 16 0

SCH. 1

Family Allowances and National Insurance Ch. 40

Act 1968

869

1 2 3 4 5 6

Increase Increase Increase Increase

for only, for for each for

Description Weekly elder or second additional adult

of Benefit rate eldest quali- quali- dependant

quali- fying child chUd fying child (where payable)

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

1. Unemployment or sick-

ness benefit under s. 19(2) —corn.

which she is entitled to an increase of benefit

in respect of her husband, or during which she is

entitled to an increase of benefit

in respect of a child or an adult dependant other

than her husband and she is not residing with her husband nor is he contributing to

her maintenance at not less than the relevant rate 4 10 0 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 2 16 0

(ii) during any other

period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit

in respect of a child or adult dependant Oil) during any 3 2 0 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 2 16 0

other period ... 2 10 0 — — — —

2. Unemployment or sickness

benefit at a weekly rate determined under s. 19(3) — 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 2 16 0

3. Maternity allowance 4 10 0 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 2 16 0

4. Widow’s allowance 6 7 0 2 3 6 1 7 6 1 5 6 —

3. Widowed mother’s allow-

ance 4 10 0 2 5 6 1 7 6 1 5 6 —

6. Widow’s pension 4 10 0 — — — —

7. Guardian’s allowance ... 2 5 6 — — — —

8. Retirement pension—

(a) where the pension is

payable to a woman by virtue of her hus-

band’s insurance and he is alive 2 16 0 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 .

(b) in any other case ... 4 10 0 1 8 0 10 0 8 0 2 16 0

9. Child’s special allowance 2 5 6 — 1 7 6 1 5 6 —

2 E 3

870

SCH. 1

Section 1.

1965 c. 52. 1967 c. 73. 1967 c. 90.

Section 3.

Ch. 40 Family Allowances and National Insurance

Act 1968

1. In paragraphs l(c)(i) and l(d)(i) of this Schedule " the relevant rate " means a weekly rate equal to the difference under this Schedule between the rates of benefit applying if the husband is, and if he is not, contributing to the wife’s maintenance at not less than the relevant rate.

2. In paragraph 2 of this Schedule, column 6 shall have effect subject to section 43(3)(6) of this Act.

SCHEDULE 2

Amendments of Schedule 3 to National Insurance (Industrial

Injuries) Act 1965

1. In Schedule 3 to the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965, as set out in Schedule 6 to the National Insurance Act 1967, in paragraph 7 (under which, as amended by the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1967, the weekly amount of increases in respect of children in industrial injury benefit or a disablement pension is £1 8s. for the first, 13s. for the second and 1 Is. for any other child) there shall be substituted for the entries in column 2—

" (a) in respect of only, elder or eldest child of beneficiary’s family 1 8s.

(b) in respect of second child of beneficiary’s family... 10s.

(c) in respect of each additional child of beneficiary’s

family 8s."

2. In that Schedule, as so set out, in paragraph 11, in sub-paragraph (a) (under which, as so amended, the ordinary weekly rate of death benefit in respect of children of the deceased’s family is £1 8s. for the first, 13s. for th* second and 11s. for any other child) there shall be substituted for the entries in column 2—

" (i) in respect of only, elder or eldest qualifying child £1 8s.

(ii) in respect of second qualifying child 10s.

(iii) in respect of each additional qualifying child ... 8s."

SCHEDULE 3 Commencement and Transitory Provisions Commencement of section 1

1.—(1) The provisions of section 1 of this Act shall not come into force until such date as the Minister of Social Security may by order appoint.

(2) Different days may be appointed under this paragraph for different purposes of section 1 or for the same purposes in relation to different cases or classes of case; and if that is done then—

(a) an order under this paragraph may contain such incidental or supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient as respects the period or any part of

Family Allowances and National Insurance Ch. 40

Act 1968

the period when the provisions contained in section 1 and sch. 3 in Schedules 1 and 2 to this Act are to have a partial operation only, and, in particular, may contain provisions modifying and supplementing, in relation to the period to which the order is to apply, the provisions so contained or those of any previous Act relating to national insurance; and

(b) any provision made in pursuance of paragraph ( ) above may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order of the Minister.

(3) Section 107(4) of the National Insurance Act 1965 (which 1965 c. 51. provides for orders under that Act to be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament) shall not apply to any order under this paragraph, but a statutory instrument containing any such order shall be laid before Parliament after being made.

Awards made before changes in rates take effect

2. —(1) As from the date on which section 1(1) of this Act comes

into force any allowance under the Family Allowances Act 1965 1965 c. 53. awarded before that date shall, subject to any prescribed exceptions or conditions, become payable at the rate provided for by this Act, and the award shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Accordingly any award of such an allowance made before that date (but after that date is appointed) either may provide for the allowance to be paid as from that date at the rate provided for by this Act or may be expressed in terms of the rates appropriate at the date of the award.

3. —(1) Where the weekly rate of any benefit is decreased by this Act, and before the date when the decrease takes effect (in this paragraph referred to as " the relevant date ") an award of that benefit has been made whether before or after the passing of this Act, then subject to such exceptions or conditions as may be prescribed the benefit shall, except as respects any period falling before the relevant date, become payable at the rate appropriate under or by virtue of this Act without any review of the award, and the award shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Where the weekly rate of any benefit is decreased by this Act, and before the relevant date (but after the date is appointed) an award is made of the benefit, the award either may provide for the benefit to be paid as from the relevant date at the rate appropriate under or by virtue of this Act or may be expressed in terms of the rates appropriate at the date of the award.

Set-off of overpayments of benefit

4. Where a beneficiary receives in respect of any persons as being, or as falling to be treated as, children of his family an amount of benefit which by reason of section 1 of this Act is not properly payable, but would have been properly payable according to the

rates in force at the passing of this Act or at that of the Family Allow- 1967 c. 90. ances and National Insurance Act 1967, and he receives it for a period for which there are payable to him or anyone else in respect of those

2 E 4

872

Ch. 40 Family Allowances and National Insurance

Act 1968

Sch. 3 1965 c. 53.

1965 c. 51. 1965 c. 52.

persons or any of them allowances under the Family Allowances Act 1965 at a rate which would not have been payable but for this Act, then the amount of benefit overpaid and not required to be repaid shall be treated as having been properly paid up to the amount of any arrears of allowances payable under the Family Allowances Act 1965 for that period in respect of those persons, and any such arrears shall be correspondingly reduced or withheld.

Calculation of contributions to cost of providing for child

5. Where for any purpose of the provisions amended by section l(l)(b) of this Act the weekly rate at which a person contributes to the cost of providing for a child is to be calculated for a period after section l(l)(b) applies, but account is taken of amounts referable to the period before it applies, then those amounts shall be treated as increased in proportion to the increase effected by section 1(1

in the required rate of contributions.

Continuation of previous rates of benefit in special cases

6. As regards benefit of which any weekly rate is reduced by this Act, the Minister of Social Security may by regulations make provision, either generally or for particular cases or classes of case, for excluding the reduction in whole or in part where—

(a) immediately before the reduction takes effect a person is

entitled to any such benefit in respect of any children; and (b) during any period during which he continues without a break to be entitled to benefit (whether the same benefit or another) in respect of those children or any of them the aggregate weekly rate of the benefit to which he is entitled in respect of those children and of the allowances payable in respect of them under the Family Allowances Act 1965 is less than it would have been according to the rates in force at the passing of this Act.

Regulations

7. Section 108 of the National Insurance Act 1965 and section 62(2) of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 (which require a draft of proposals for regulations under the Act to be submitted to the National Insurance Advisory Committee or Industrial Injuries Advisory Council, as the case may be) shall not apply to any regulations (whether made under this Scheaule or not) if they are contained in a statutory instrument made before the expiration of the six months beginning with the date of the passing of this Act and the instrument states that it is made in consequence of the passing of this Act.

Interpretation

8. In this Schedule '* benefit " means benefit under the National Insurance Act 1965 or the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965, and " beneficiary " has a corresponding meaning.

Ch. 41

873

Countryside Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 41

An Act to enlarge the functions of the Commission established under the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949, to confer new powers on local authorities and other bodies for the conservation and enhancement of natural beauty and for the benefit of those resorting to the countryside and to make other provision for the matters dealt with in the Act of 1949 and generally as respects the countryside, and to amend the law about trees and woodlands, and footpaths and bridleways, and other public paths.

[3rd July 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

The Countryside Commission

1.—(1) The functions of the National Parks Commission shall General be enlarged in accordance with this Act and in future their Junctions of the name shall be the " Countryside Commission Commission.

(2) The functions conferred by this Act on the said Commission (in this Act referred to as " the Commission ") are to be exercised for the conservation and enhancement of the natural beauty and amenity of the countryside, and encouraging the provision and improvement, for persons resorting to the countryside, of facilities for the enjoyment of the countryside and of open-air recreation in the countryside.

2 E*

874

Cm. 41

Countryside Act 1968

1949 c. 97.

1957 c. 20.

New functions of the

Commission.

(3) The Commission shall have power—

(a) to make such charges for any of their services as they

think fit,

(b) to accept any gift or contribution made to them for

the purposes of any of their functions, and, subject to the terms of the gift or contribution and to the provisions of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1949 ") and this Act, to apply it for those purposes, and

(c) to do all such things as are incidental to, or conducive

to the attainment of the purposes of, any of their functions.

(4) In section 2(3) of the Act of 1949 (power to pay remuneration to Commission's chairman and deputy chairman) for the words "the chairman and deputy chairman" there shall be substituted the words " any of the members ".

(5) In sections 1 and 2(1) of the Act of 1949 for the words "National Parks Commission" there shall be substituted the words " Countryside Commission ", and in section 4(1) of the Act of 1949 (Commission's annual report) the reference to the Commission's functions under the Act of 1949 shall include a reference to their functions under this Act.

(6) In Part III of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (which specifies offices the holders of which are disqualified under that Act) as it applies to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, there shall be inserted at the appropriate point in alphabetical order the entry " Any member of the Countryside Commission in receipt of remuneration ".

2.—(1) The Commission shall have the general duties imposed by this section, but nothing in this section shall be construed as modifying the effect of any provision of this Act or of the Act of 1949 whereby any general or specific power or duty is conferred or imposed on the Commission, or whereby an obligation is imposed on any other person to consult with the Commission.

(2) The Commission shall keep under review all matters relating to—

(a) the provision and improvement of facilities for the

enjoyment of the countryside,

(b) the conservation and enhancement of the natural beauty and amenity of the countryside, and

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

875

(c) the need to secure public access to the countryside for the purposes of open-air recreation,

and shall consult with such local planning authorities and other bodies as appear to the Commission to have an interest in those matters.

(3) The Commission shall encourage, assist, concert or promote the implementation of any proposals with respect to those matters made by any person or body, being proposals which the Commission consider to be suitable.

(4) The Commission shall advise any Minister having functions under this Act, or any other Minister or any public body, on such matters relating to the countryside as he or they may refer to the Commission, or as the Commission may think fit

(5) Where it appears to the Commission that the provision and improvement of facilities for enjoyment of the countryside or the conservation and enhancement of the natural beauty and amenity of the countryside presents special problems or requires special professional or technical skill, the Commission—

(a) shall notify their opinion to the appropriate local plan-

ning authority or other public body, and

(b) on the application of any such authority or other

body in any case where it appears to the Commission expedient having regard to die provisions of section 1(2) of this Act, and to the provisions of section 5(1) of the Act of 1949 (general provisions as respects National Parks), shall place the services of officers or servants of the Commission, or the services of consultants engaged by the Commission, at the disposal of the authority or other body for such period as may be agreed between them, and on such terms as to payment or otherwise, as may be so agreed with the approval of the Minister.

(6) The Commission shall make to local planning authorities and other public bodies, as respects the exercise of the powers of making byelaws conferred by this Act and the Act of 1949, recommendations as to the matters in respect of which byelaws should be made.

(7) The Commission shall carry out, or commission the carrying out of, such inquiries, investigations or researches, either on their own account or jointly with other persons, as the Commission may deem necessary or expedient for the purposes of any of their functions.

(8) The Commission shall provide, or assist in the provision of, publicity and information services relating to the countryside, to places of beauty or interest therein, or to the functions

2 E 2*

876

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Exercise of functions of Commission in Wales and Monmouthshire.

Experimental

projects or schemes.

of the Commission, and shall take such steps as appear to them expedient for securing that suitable methods of publicity are used for the prevention of damage in the countryside and for encouraging a proper standard of behaviour on the part of persons resorting to the countryside.

(9) The Commission shall make to the Minister such recommendations as the Commission think proper in respect of applications by local authorities for Exchequer grants under this Act or the Act of 1949.

3. —(1) The Commission shall, after consultation with the Secretary of State, appoint a Committee for Wales.

(2) The membership of the Committee for Wales shall consist partly of persons who are members of the Commission, one of whom shall be the chairman of the Committee, and partly of persons, not exceeding four in number, who are not members of the Commission.

(3) The Commission may, after consulting the Secretary of State and subject to such conditions as they think appropriate, delegate any of their functions in Wales or Monmouthshire to the Committee for Wales, including (for Wales and Monmouthshire) their advisory functions under section 2 of this Act, and their duty of making recommendations under that section in respect of local authorities' applications for Exchequer grants.

(4) So much of section 2(3) of the Act of 1949 as authorises the payment of allowances in respect of the matters listed in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of that subsection shall apply as if all the members of the Committee for Wales were members of the Commission.

4. —(1) The Commission, after consultation with such local authorities and other bodies as appear to the Commission to have an interest, may from time to time prepare and submit to the Minister for his approval proposals with respect to any area for an experimental project or scheme designed to facilitate the enjoyment of the countryside, or to conserve or enhance its natural beauty or amenity, which—

(a) in relation to that area involves the application of new or developed methods, concepts or techniques, and

(b) is designed to illustrate the appropriateness of such a project or scheme to that area or other areas of a similar nature or which present similar problems to that area,

and the Minister may approve in whole or in part or with modifications any proposals so submitted to him, or may refuse to approve them.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

877

(2) The Commission shall concert, promote, or undertake either by themselves or in conjunction with any other authority or person, measures to implement any proposals so approved.

(3) For the purpose of their functions under the foregoing provisions of this section the Commission may—

(a) with the approval of the Minister acquire land by

agreement, or may be authorised by the Minister in a particular case to acquire land compulsorily,

(b) hold and manage land, and with the approval of the Minister and subject to the subsequent provisions of this section, dispose of or otherwise deal with land,

(c) erect buildings and carry out works or other operations

on land,

(d) provide equipment, facilities and services on or in con-

nection with land or with the use of land,

(e) hold, manage, maintain, hire, let or otherwise dispose

of such works, equipment, facilities or services,

(/) exercise any powers to carry out work or to provide facilities or services conferred by this Act or the Act of 1949 on local authorities or local planning authorities,

(g) with the approval of the Minister and the Treasury, acquire by agreement and carry on or set up and carry on, directly or through an agent, or themselves carry on as agent, any business or undertaking relevant to the experimental project or scheme, and, subject to the approval of the Minister and the Treasury, may dispose of any such business or undertaking.

(4) The disposal of land under this section may be by way of sale or exchange, or by the letting of land or the granting of any interest in or right over land, but the Commission shall not under this section dispose of land by way of gift.

(5) The powers conferred by paragraphs (c) to (/) of subsection (3) above may be exercised by the Commission—

(a) on land belonging to them, or

(b) on such terms as may be agreed with the owners and

any other persons whose authority is required for the purpose, on other land,

and an agreement under paragraph above may provide for the making by the Commission of payments in consideration of the making of the agreement and payments by way of contribution towards expenditure incurred by the persons making the agreement in consequence thereof.

(6) The provisions of this section, except for that authorising compulsory purchase of land, shall have effect only for the purpose of removing, any limitation imposed by law on the

2 E 3*

878

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Grants and loans to persons other than public bodies.

Country parks and commons: preliminary.

capacity of the Commission, and shall not authorise any act or omission on the part of the Commission which, apart from the said provisions of this section, would be actionable at the suit of any person on any ground other than such a limitation.

5.—(1) In accordance with arrangements approved by the Minister and the Treasury, the Commission shall have power to give financial assistance by way of grant or loan, or partly in die one way and partly in the other, to any person, other than a public body, carrying on or proposing to carry on any project approved by the Minister for the purposes of this section which in the opinion of the Commission is conducive to the attainment of any of the purposes of this Act or the Act of 1949.

(2) Financial assistance by way of grant under this section shall not exceed seventy-five per cent, of the expenditure in respect of which the grant is made.

(3) Before applying for the approval of the Minister under this section to any project the Commission shall satisfy themselves that in all the circumstances it is preferable that the project should be carried out by a person other than a public body.

(4) On making a grant or loan under this section the Commission may impose such conditions as they think fit, including (in die case of a grant) conditions for repayment in specified circumstances.

(5) In this section "public body" does not include the National Trust.

New powers of local authorities

6.—(1) The powers conferred by this and the three next following sections shall be exercisable for the purpose of providing, or improving, opportunities for the enjoyment of the countryside by the public, and a local authority in exercising those powers in any area in the countryside shall have regard—

(a) to the location of that area in the countryside in relation to an urban or built-up area, and

(b) to the availability and adequacy of existing facilities for the enjoyment of the countryside by the public.

(2) In this and the three next following sections " local authority " means—

(a) the council of a county, county borough or county district, or

(b) the Greater London Council, the Common Council of

the City of London or any London borough council, or

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

879

(c) a National Park joint planning board, that is to say a joint planning board constituted under section 2 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 for an area 1962 c. 38. which consists of or includes any part of a National Park.

(3) A local authority may exercise the powers conferred by the three next following sections inside or outside their area, except that only the council of a county borough may exercise those powers wholly or partly within the county borough.

(4) Before a local authority exercise any of the powers conferred by the next following section as respects any land, or acquire any land, or any additional land, for the purpose of exercising those powers, they shall comply with the requirements in the following Table.

Table

Authority exercising powers Requirement

A county council Consult the council of any county

district in the county which will comprise all or any part of the land.

Obtain the consent of the council of any other county which will comprise all or any part of the land.

Council of a county district Obtain the consent of the county

council, and of the council of any other county which will comprise all or any part of the land.

Council of a county borough, Obtain the consent of the council the Greater London Coun- of any county which will com-

cil. Common Council of prise all or any part of the the City of London, or any land.

London borough council.

National Park joint planning Consult the council of any county board. district which is wholly or partly

in the area of the board and which will comprise all or any part of the land.

If any part of the land will be outside the area of the board, obtain the consent of the council of any county which will comprise any such part of the land.

2 E 4*

880

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Authority exercising powers Requirement

Any local authority If any part of the land is within

a National Park and also within the area of a National Park joint planning board, obtain the consent of the board (in addition to any necessary consent of a county council).

Any local authority If all or any part of the land is in

a parish, inform the parish council or, in the case of a parish not having a parish council, the chairman of the parish meeting.

(5) Before a county council or National Park joint planning board give any consent so required they shall consult the council of any county district within, or partly within, their area which will comprise all or any part of the land.

(6) A local authority may apply to the Minister on the grounds that a county council or National Park joint planning board have unreasonably withheld any consent so required, and the Minister, after affording to the county council, or the board, an opportunity of making representations, may if he thinks fit direct the county council, or the board, to give the consent to which the application relates.

The county council or board shall comply with any direction given by the Minister under this subsection.

1959 c. 53. (7) Section 29 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1959

(protection of persons deriving title under transactions requiring the consent of a Minister) shall apply as if any reference in that section to the consent of a Minister included a reference to a consent of a local authority required under this section.

Power to 7.—(1) Subject to section 6 above, a local authority shall have

pro™fe . power, on any site in the countryside appearing to them suitable country parks. Qr a^p^le for the purpose set out in section 6(1) above, to provide a country park, that is to say a park or pleasure ground to be used for that purpose.

(2) A local authority shall have power to extend, maintain and manage the country park and to do all other things appearing to them desirable for the said purpose in connection with the provision of a country park and in particular—

(a) to lay out, plant and improve the site, and to erect buildings and carry out works.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

881

(b) to provide facilities and services for the enjoyment or

convenience of the public, including meals and refreshments, parking places for vehicles, shelters and lavatory accommodation,

(c) to provide facilities and services for open-air recreation:

Provided that a local authority shall not under this section

provide accommodation, meals or refreshments except in so far as it appears to them that the facilities therefor within the country park are inadequate or unsatisfactory, either generally or as respects any description of accommodation, meals or refreshments, as the case may be.

(3) The powers conferred by the foregoing provisions of this section and by the next following section may be exercised by the local authority—

(a) on land belonging to them, or

(b) on such terms as may be agreed with the owners and any other persons whose authority is required for the purpose, on other land, and an agreement under paragraph ( ) above may provide for the making by the local authority of payments in consideration of the making of the agreement and payments by way of contribution towards expenditure incurred by the persons making the agreement in consequence thereof.

(4) A local authority shall have power to acquire compulsorily any land required by them for the purpose of their functions under this and the next following section.

(3) If it appears to a local authority that a park or pleasure ground provided or acquired by the local authority before the coming into force of this section, or otherwise than under or for the purposes of this section, can suitably be used as a country park, that park or pleasure ground shall, from such date as the local authority may determine, be treated for all the purposes of this Act as a country park provided under this section, but—

(a) this subsection shall not affect any trust, covenant or

other restriction to which the park or pleasure ground is subject, and

(b) no grant shall be payable under this Act in respect of

expenditure incurred before the date so determined.

(6) If it appears to a local authority that land provided or acquired by them before the coming into force of this section, as open country to be used for the purposes of Part V of the Act of 1949, can suitably be used as a country park, that land, or any part of it, shall, from such date as the local authority may determine, be treated for all the purposes of this Act as a country park provided under this section; and, if the land was acquired under section 76 of the Act of 1949 (compulsory

Countryside Act 1968

882 Ch. 41

acquisition for public access), the land so treated shall cease to be subject to that section, but—

(a) this subsection shall not affect any trust, covenant or

other restriction to which the land is subject; and

(b) no grant shall be payable under this Act in respect of

expenditure incurred before the date so determined.

(7) A country park provided under this section shall not be subject to any of the following enactments (which relate to parks and pleasure grounds):

1875 c. 55. Section 164 of the Public Health Act 1875.

1890 c. 59. Section 44 of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act 1890.

1907 c. 53. Sections 76 and 77 of the Public Health Acts Amendment

Act 1907.

1925 c. 71. Section 56(5) of the Public Health Act 1925.

1948 c. 26. Section 132 of the Local Government Act 1948.

Country parks: 8.—(1) Without prejudice to the generality of section 7(2) of

sailing, this Act, where a country park comprises any waterway the kinds

bathing* and °* recreation for which the local authority may provide

fishing. facilities and services under that subsection shall include sailing,

boating, bathing and fishing.

(2) If a country park is bounded by the sea, or by any waterway which is not part of the sea, the local authority providing the country park shall have power to carry out such work and do such other things as may appear to them necessary or expedient for facilitating the use of the waters so adjoining the country park by the public for sailing, boating, bathing and fishing and other forms of recreation.

(3) The powers conferred by subsections (1) and (2) above include power to erect buildings or carry out works on land adjoining the sea or other waters but outside the country park, and to construct jetties or other works wholly or partly in the sea or other waters.

(4) The local authority, before acting under the foregoing provisions of this section, shall consult with, and seek the consent of, any river authority having functions relating to the sea or other waters in question, and of such other authorities, being authorities which under any enactment have functions relating to the sea or other waters in question, as the Minister may either generally or in any particular case direct, and Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect where any authority so consulted withhold their consent.

(5) A local authority may make byelaws regulating the use of works carried out by them pursuant to this section and of any facilities or services provided in connection with the works, but before making any such byelaws the local authority shall consult the Commission:

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

883

Provided that byelaws made under this subsection shall not interfere with the exercise of any functions relating to the waters or land to which the byelaws apply which are exercisable by any authority under any enactment

Section 106 of the Act of 1949 (supplementary provisions as to byelaws) shall have effect as if byelaws under this subsection were byelaws under that Act.

(6) Nothing in this section shall authorise the carrying out of any operation in contravention of section 34 of the Coast Protec- 1949 c. 74. tion Act 1949 (works detrimental to navigation) or section 9 of the Harbours Act 1964 (control of harbour development). 1964 c. 40.

9.—(1) This section has effect as respects any common land Powers to which the public have rights of access, and the powers con-exercisable ferred by this section are to be exercised in the interests of ^Jmonnear persons resorting to the common land for open-air recreation,

(2) Subject to the provisions of section 6 above, a local authority may exercise the powers conferred by this section on land taken out of the common land in accordance with this section and Schedule 2 to this Act, or on other land in the neighbourhood of the common land.

(3) A local authority shall have power to do anything appearing to the local authority to be desirable for the purpose set out in section 6(1) above, and in the interests of persons resorting to the common land, and in particular—

(a) to provide facilities and services for the enjoyment or

convenience of the public, including meals and refreshments, parking places for vehicles, shelters and lavatory accommodation,

(b) to erect buildings and carry out works:

Provided that a local authority shall not under this section provide accommodation, meals or refreshments except in so far as it appears to them that the facilities therefor in the neighbourhood of the common land are inadequate or unsatisfactory, either generally or as respects any description of accommodation, meals or refreshments, as the case may be.

(4) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section, and in that Schedule " the principal section " means this section.

(5) A local authority shall have power to acquire compulsorily any land in the neighbourhood of the common land which is required by them for the purposes of their functions under this section and which is not common land.

(6) In this section—

" common land " has the meaning given by section 22(1)

of the Commons Registration Act 1965; 1965 c. 44.

884

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

1925 c. 20.

Camping and picnic sites.

Conservation of natural beauty.

Facilities in or near National Parks.

" common land to which the public have rights of access " means—

(a) land to which section 193 of the Law of Property Act 1925 for the time being applies, other than land to which that section applies by virtue of a revocable instrument, or

(b) common land comprised in an access agreement or access order under Part V of the Act of 1949, other than a revocable access agreement or an access agreement expressed to have effect only for a period specified in the agreement, or

(c) any other common land to which the public have rights of access permanently or for an indefinite period.

10. —(1) A local planning authority and the council of a county district shall have power to provide in the countryside within their area camping sites for holiday and recreational purposes, to be used primarily as places for setting up tents, with space for parking vehicles and a means of access to and from a road.

(2) A local planning authority and the council of a county district shall have power to provide in the countryside within their area picnic sites for motorists and others using the roads, with space for parking vehicles and a means of access to and from a road.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, the local authority shall have power to do anything appearing to them desirable in connection with the provision of a site under subsection (1) or subsection (2) above, and in particular to manage a site or to lease it to some other person, and to provide for the use of those occupying the site any services or facilities for their health or convenience.

(4) A local authority shall have power to acquire compulsorily any land required by them for the purposes of their functions under this section.

Nature conservation. National Parks and access to open country

11. In the exercise of their functions relating to land under any enactment every Minister, government department and public body shall have regard to the desirability of conserving the natural beauty and amenity of the countryside.

12. —(1) A local planning authority whose area consists of or includes the whole or any part of a National Park may, at the request of, and in accordance with terms laid down the Commission, make arrangements for securing the provision in

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

885

the area of the local planning authority (whether by the authority or by other persons) of study centres and other facilities for learning about the history, natural features, flora and fauna of the National Park and the objects of architectural, archaeological or historical interest therein; and section 12 of the Act of 1949 (provision of facilities in National Parks) shall have effect as if the functions of local planning authorities under this subsection were functions conferred by subsection (1) of that section.

Expenses incurred by a local planning authority under this subsection shall be expenses towards which the Commission may make contributions under section 86 of the Act of 1949 (information services) and no grant shall be payable under paragraph (a) or paragraph (e) of section 97(1) of the Act of 1949 in respect of expenses incurred by the lodal planning authority under this subsection, or expenses in or in connection with the acquisition of land for the purposes of this subsection.

(2) The functions conferred by subsection (1) of the said section 12 of the Act of 1949 shall include the making of arrangements for securing the provision in their area (whether by the authority or by other persons)—

(a) of public sanitary conveniences in proper and con-

venient situations, and

(b) of receptacles for refuse or litter, and services for the

regular emptying and cleansing of those receptacles.

(3) A local planning authority whose area consists of or includes any part of a National Park which is bounded by the sea, or by any waterway which is not part of the sea, may, on land which is in or in the neighbourhood of the National Park, carry out such work and do such other things as may appear to them necessary or expedient for facilitating the use of the waters so adjoining the National Park by the public for sailing, boating, bathing and fishing and other forms of recreation :

Provided that a local planning authority shall not under this subsection provide facilities of any description except in cases where it appears to them that the facilitiei of that description are inadequate or unsatisfactory.

(4) The works which a local planning authority may carry out under subsection (3) above include the construction of jetties and other works wholly or partly in the sea or in other waters.

The local planning authority, before acting under this subsection, shall consult with and seek the consent of, any river authority having functions relating to the sea or other waters in question and of such other authorities, being authorities which under any enactment have functions relating to the part

886

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

of the sea or other waters in question, as the Minister may either generally or in any particular case direct, and Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect where any authority so consulted withhold their consent

(5) A local planning authority may make byelaws regulating the use of works carried out by them under subsection (3) above in the waters bounding a National Park and of any facilities or services provided in connection with the works, but before making any such byelaws the local planning authority shall consult the Commission:

Provided that byelaws made under this subsection shall not interfere with the exercise of any functions relating to the waters or land to which the byelaws apply which are exercisable by any authority under any enactment.

Section 106 of the Act of 1949 (supplementary provisions as to byelaws) shall have effect as if byelaws under this subsection were byelaws under that Act.

(6) The Act of 1949 shall have effect as if subsections (3) and

(4) above formed part of section 13(1) of that Act, and section 75 of that Act (which relates to the exercise of powers under the said section 13 as respects land comprised in access orders) shall have effect accordingly, and in the said section 13(1) for the words * or fishing " there shall be substituted the words " or fishing or other forms of recreation

(7) Subsections (2), (3) and (4) of section 13 of the Act of 1949 (carrying out of work on behalf of local planning authority by some other authority) shall apply to any part of the sea bounding a National Park as they apply to a waterway.

(8) Nothing in the said section 13 as extended by this section shall authorise the carrying out of any operation in contraven-

1949 c. 74. tion of section 34 of the Coast Protection Act 1949 or section 9

1964 c. 40. of the Harbours Act 1964.

Lakes in 13.—(1) A local planning authority whose area consists of

National or includes the whole or any part of a National Park shall have Parks: control power to make byelaws for the prohibition or restriction of of boats etc. traffic of any description on any lake in the National Park.

(2) The power shall be exercisable for the purpose of—

(a) ensuring the safety of persons resorting to any such

lake,

(b) regulating all forms of sport or recreation involving the

use of boats or vessels,

(c) conserving the amenity and natural beauty of any such

lake and the surrounding area, and

(d) preventing nuisance or damage, and in particular

nuisance from excessive noise.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

887

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, byelaws under this section may—

(a) prescribe rules of navigation and impose speed limits,

(b) require the use of effectual silencers on boats or vessels

propelled by internal combustion engines, and prescribe rules with a view to imposing limits on the noise or vibration which may be caused by any such boat or vessel,

(c) prohibit the use of boats or vessels which are not for the

time being registered with the local planning authority in such manner as the byelaws may provide,

(d) authorise the making of reasonable charges in respect of the registration of boats or vessels in pursuance of the byelaws,

(e) make different provision for different circumstances, and in particular may impose different restrictions in different parts of the lake and at different times or seasons.

(4) In acting under this section the local planning authority shall have regard to the fulfilment of the objects set out as respects National Parks in sections 1 and 5 of the Act of 1949, and, before making any byelaws, shall consult the Commission.

(5) Byelaws under this section shall not be made so as to extinguish any public right of way over any waters, but, except as otherwise expressly provided, any byelaws under this section shall apply to persons exercising any such public right of way as they apply to other persons.

(6) Byelaws under this section—

(a) shall be of no effect if and in so far as inconsistent with

any rules under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 which 1894 c. 60. are in force as respects the water to which the byelaws apply.

(b) shall not interfere with any functions relating to the

water or land to which the byelaws apply which are exercisable by any authority under any enactment.

(7) This section shall not apply to any lake owned or managed by a river authority or by any statutory undertakers.

(8) Section 106 of the Act of 1949 (supplementary provisions as to byelaws) shall have effect as if byelaws under this section were byelaws under that Act.

(9) Subsections (1) and (2), and subject to the next following subsection subsection (4), of section 92 of the Act of 1949 (appointment of wardens of land for which byelaws may be made under section 90 of that Act) shall have effect as if the power of making byelaws conferred by this section was contained in the said section 90.

{jo ogle

888 Ch. 41 Countryside Act 1968

(10) For the purpose of securing compliance with any byelaws made under this section, a warden appointed under the said section 92 as applied by this section may enter upon any land, or go on any water, whether or not within the area where the byelaws are in force.

(11) Where two or more local planning authorities' areas consist of or include part of a National Park, the powers conferred by this section may be exercised by them, or any of them, jointly, or may by agreement between them be exercised by one local planning authority in the part of the National Park in the area of another.

(12) Byelaws made by a local planning authority under this section may be enforced by any local authority in the area of that other local authority.

(13) In this section "lake" includes any expanse of water other than a river or canal.

14.—(1) The Minister may, if satisfied that it is expedient, by order apply this section to any land in a National Park appearing to him to be predominantly moor or heath.

(2) The occupier of any land to which this section for the time being applies, and which is moor or heath which has not been agricultural land at any time within the preceding twenty years, shall not, by ploughing or otherwise, convert any of the land into agricultural land unless he has given six months written notice of his intention to the local planning authority.

(3) If, without the consent in writing of the local planning authority, any person fails to comply with subsection (2) above, whether by failing to give a notice, or by taking some action within the six months, he shall be guilty of an offence.

(4) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine of not more than £200.

or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine.

(5) An order made under subsection (1) above—

(a) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order so

made,

(b) shall be made by statutory instrument subject to annul-

ment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of

Parliament.

(6) In this section " agricultural land " does not include land which affords rough grazing for livestock but is not otherwise used as agricultural land.

Conversion of moor and heath in National Parks to agricultural land.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

(7) In considering for the purposes of subsection (2) above whether land has been agricultural land within the preceding twenty years, no account shall be taken of any conversion of the land into agricultural land which was unlawful under the provisions of this section.

15.—(1) This section has effect as respects land which is not Areas of for the time being managed as a nature reserve but which is special or forms part of an area which in the opinion of the Natural Environment Research Council (in this section referred to as " the Council ") is of special interest by reason of its flora, fauna, or geological or physiographical features.

(2) Where, for the purpose of conserving those flora, fauna or geological or physiographical features, it appears to the Council expedient in the national interest to do so, the Council may enter into an agreement with the owners, lessees and occupiers of any such land which imposes restrictions on the exercise of rights over land by the persons who can be bound by the agreement.

(3) Any such agreement—

(a) may provide for the carrying out on the land of such

work and the doing thereon of such other things as may be expedient for the purposes of the agreement,

(b) may provide for any of the matters mentioned in para-

graph (a) above being carried out, or for the cost thereof being defrayed, either by the owners or other persons, or by the Council, or partly in one way and partly in another, and

(c) may contain such other provisions as to the making

of payments by the Council as may be specified in the agreement.

(4) Where section 79 of the Law of Property Act 1925 1925 c. 20. (burden of covenant running with the land) applies to any

such restrictions as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, the Council shall have the like rights as respects the enforcement of the restrictions as if the Council had at all material times been the absolute owner in possession of ascertained land adjacent to the land in respect of which the restriction is sought to be enforced, and capable of being benefited by the restriction, and the restriction had been expressed to be for the benefit of that adjacent land.

Section 84 of the Law of Property Act 1925 (discharge or modification of restrictive covenants) shall not apply to such a restriction.

890

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

1967 c. 10.

Access to open country: rivers, canals and

woodlands.

(5) Schedule 2 to the Forestry Act 1967 (powers of tenants for life and other limited owners to enter into forestry dedication covenants or agreements) shall apply to any agreement made in pursuance of this section as it applies to such a covenant or agreement

(6) This section shall apply to Scotland but there shall be substituted for subsection (4) the following subsection—

(4) An agreement under this section may be recorded in the Register of Sasines, and if so recorded shall be enforceable at the instance of the Council against any person having an interest in the land and against any person deriving title from him:

Provided that such an agreement shall not be enforceable against any third party who shall have in good faith and for value acquired right (whether completed by infeft-ment or not) to his interest in the land prior to the agreement being recorded as aforesaid, or against any person deriving tide from such third party.

(7) The Act of 1949 shall have effect as if this section were included in Part III of that Act.

16.—(1) The definition of "open country" in section 59(2) of the Act of 1949 shall include, if in the countryside, any woodlands.

(2) Subject to subsection (6) below, the said definition shall include, if in the countryside—

(a) any river or canal, and

(b) any expanse of water through which a river, or some part of the flow of a river, runs, and

(c) a strip of the adjacent land on both sides of any river or canal, or of any such expanse of water, of reasonable width, and where a highway crosses or comes close to the river, canal or other water, so much of any land connecting the highway with the strip of land as would, if included together with the strip in an access agreement or order, afford access from the highway to some convenient launching place for small boats.

(3) The strip of adjacent land comprised in any access order shall be wide enough to allow passage on foot along the water and wide enough to allow the public to picnic at convenient places and, where practicable, to embark or disembark, and shall include—

(a) the banks, walls or embankments along the water, and

(b) any towpath or other way or track beside the water.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

891

(4) Local planning authorities shall exercise their powers under Part V of the Act of 1949 over any such strip of land with special regard to the interests of persons using small boats who must circumvent obstacles or obstructions on the water by passing round on foot with their boats, and in the interests of persons who wish to obtain access from a highway to convenient launching places for small boats.

(5) In section 60 of the Act of 1949 (rights of public over land subject to an access agreement or order, other than excepted land) subsection (5)(a) (certain agricultural land to be excepted land) shall not apply to any land within subsection (2)(c) above.

(6) Subsections (2) and (3) above shall not apply as respects, or as respects land held with.—

(a) a reservoir owned or managed by statutory undertakers.

(b) a reservoir owned or managed by a river authority, or

(c) a canal, or a part of a canal, owned or managed by the

British Waterways Board.

(7) The local planning authority, before making an access agreement or an access order under Part V of the Act of 1949 in respect of land outside a National Park which comprises all or any part of, or of land adjacent to, any river (including any expanse of water through which a river, or some part of the flow of a river runs) or any canal, shall consult with and seek the consent of, any river authority having functions relating to the river or canal in question and of such authorities, being authorities which under any enactment have functions relating to the river or canal in question, as the Minister may either generally or in any particular case direct.

Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect where any authority so consulted withhold their consent.

(8) Subsection (7) above shall apply with the necessary modifications in relation to an access order to be made by the Minister as it applies in relation to an access order to be made by a local planning authority.

(9) In this section "river" includes a stream and the tidal part of a river or stream.

(10) The provisions of this section shall not be construed as restricting in any way the definition of "open country " in the said section 59(2) as originally enacted.

(11) This and the four next following sections shall be construed as one with Part V of the Act of 1949.

17.—(1) This section applies to land comprised in an access Access orders: order under Part V of the Act of 1949 (access to open country) agricultural confirmed or made by the Minister after the coming into force land* of this section.

892

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

(2) In section 60 of the Act of 1949 (rights of public over land subject to an access order, other than excepted land) subsection

(5)(a) (certain agricultural land to be excepted land) shall not at any time apply to land to which this section applies unless—

(a) the said subsection (5)(a) applied to that land on the relevant date, or

(b) a direction given by the Minister under this section is for the time being in force as respects that land.

(3) Where as respects land to which this section applies, not being land to which the said section 60(5)(u) applied on the relevant date, it is represented to the Minister, and the Minister is satisfied—

(a) that the land is used, or about to be brought into use,

as agricultural land, and that that use or proposed use as agricultural land is not, or is not solely, use as rough grazing for livestock, and

(b) that the use or proposed use will be substantially prejudiced by the application of the provisions of the said section 60 of the Act of 1949, and

(c) that the prejudicial effect outweighs the benefit arising

from the facilities for access to open country conferred on the public by the said section 60,

then, subject to the provisions of this section, the Minister shall give a direction under this section as respects the land.

(4) Before coming to a conclusion on any representation under this section the Minister—

(a) shall consult the Commission, and

(b) shall either cause a local inquiry to be held or afford

to the person by whom the representation was made, and to the local planning authority concerned, an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose,

and shall consider the report of the person by whom the inquiry was held or the person appointed as aforesaid, as the case may be.

(5) In determining whether the conditions specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of subsection (3) above are fulfilled the Minister shall have regard to any restrictions on the rights of the public imposed by the access order by virtue of section 60(3) of the Act of 1949; and the Minister may, if he thinks fit, instead of giving a direction under subsection (3) above, by order vary the access order so as to impose as respects the land any such restrictions or further restrictions authorised by the said section 60(3) as appear to him appropriate.

(6) All land within paragraph (a) of subsection (2) above shall be defined in the prescribed manner in the map to be contained, in pursuance of section 65(3) of the Act of 1949, in the

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

893

access order, and in the map to be kept under section 78 of the Act of 1949, and those maps shall from time to time be altered so as to take account of any direction given by the Minister under this section and so as to correct any errors or omissions made in defining that land.

(7) In subsection (2) above " the relevant date " means—

(a) in relation to an access order made by a local planning authority, the date of the making of the order,

(b) in relation to an access order made by the Minister, the date on which the Minister under paragraph 1(2) of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1949 gave notice or the first notice of his proposal to make the order.

18. For the purpose of preventing or restricting the con-Access version of land which is open country into excepted land within agreements: the meaning of section 60(5) of the Act of 1949, an access agree- undertakings ment under section 64 of the Act of 1949 may impose such and^thers061* restrictions on the exercise of rights over the land by the persons not to convert who can be bound by the agreement as appear to the local land into planning authority and the other parties to the agreement to be excepted land, expedient.

19. —(1) Section 79 of the Act of 1949 (exclusion of wood-Access to open

lands from access orders and access agreements) shall be country: amended in accordance with this section. wwdSn£.for

(2) It shall be one of the conditions in paragraph (< and one of the conditions in paragraph (b), of section 79(1) of the Act of 1949 (conditions to be satisfied where woodland is to be excluded from an access order) that the prejudicial effect there mentioned (that is to say the prejudicial effect of the application of the provisions of section 60 of the Act of 1949 to the land) outweighs the benefit arising from the facilities for access to open country conferred on the public by the said section 60, and references to the said conditions in subsections (2), (3) and

(5) of the said section 79 shall be construed accordingly.

(3) Before exercising any of his functions under the said section 79 the Minister shall consult the Commission.

(4) If under subsection (4) of the said section 79 the Minister affords to a person who has made a representation an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, he shall afford the same opportunity to the local planning authority concerned.

(5) The amendments made by this section have effect in relation to any representation or objection made after the coming into force of this section.

894

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Access to open

country:

contributions

by local

planning

authorities

to persons

displaying

maps and

notices.

Amendments of Act of 1949.

20. A local planning authority shall have power, as respects any land in their area which is subject to an access agreement or order, to defray or contribute towards, or to undertake to defray or contribute towards, expenditure incurred or to be incurred in relation to the land by any person interested therein in displaying, at places where the public obtain access to any such land—

(a) any reproduction of the relevant map prepared by the

local planning authority under section 78 of the Act of 1949, or

(b) any notice specifying restrictions on access to the land

or any part thereof.

21.—(1) Section 11(3) of the Act of 1949 (general powers of local planning authorities in National Parks: exclusion of powers under other Acts) shall cease to have effect

(2) In section 51(1) of the Act of 1949 (general provisions as to long distance routes) after the word "horseback " there shall be inserted the words " or on a bicycle not being a motor vehicle ".

(3) In section 73(1) of the Act of 1949 (access orders: compensation payable earlier on the ground of special circumstances whereby the postponement of compensation will cause undue hardship) the words from " whereby " to " undue hardship " shall cease to have effect.

(4) In section 86(l)(b) of the Act of 1949 (information services to be provided by Commission) after the word "architectural " there shall be inserted the word "archaeological ".

(5) There shall be repealed so much of section 89(4) of the Act of 1949 as provides that the power under subsection (1) of that section (power to plant trees for preserving or enhancing natural beauty) does not include power to do anything which the council of a county, county borough or county district are or can be authorised to do by any other enactment.

(6) The definition of the expression "open-air recreation" in section 114(1) of the Act of 1949 (which excludes organised games from that expression) shall apply only for the purposes of Part V of that Act.

(7) In subsection (2) of the said section 114 (definition of preservation of natural beauty) for the words " the characteristic natural features, flora and fauna thereof" there shall be substituted the words " its flora, fauna and geological and physio-graphical features", and (with a view to facilitating the consolidation of the appropriate parts of this Act and the Act of

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

895

1949) references in the Act of 1949 to the preservation of the natural beauty of an area shall be construed in the same way as references in this Act to the conservation of the natural beauty of an area.

Water undertakers’ reservoirs and other waters

22.—(I) Statutory water undertakers may, if it appears to Recreational

them reasonable to do so— at

water

(a) permit the use by members of the public, for the pur- undertakers’ poses of any form of recreation which the undertakers reservoirs and consider appropriate, of any reservoir or other water-other waters* way owned or managed by die undertakers, and of any land held with the waterway.

(b) provide, or otherwise make available, facilities or services for persons resorting to any such waterway for the purposes of any such form of recreation.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1) above statutory water undertakers may set apart any land held by them and may provide, improve, alter, renew and maintain such buildings and other works and do such other things as may be necessary or expedient; and subsections (1) and (2) of section 271 of the

Public Health Act 1936 (interpretation of " provide ") shall 1936 c. 49. apply for the construction of the foregoing provisions of this section as if all statutory water undertakers were councils and as if this section formed part of that Act.

(3) Statutory water undertakers may, if they think fit, make such reasonable charges as they may determine in respect of the use for the purposes of recreation, of any waterway or any land held with the waterway, and the use of any facilities or services made available by the water undertakers under subsections (1) and (2) above.

(4) Statutory water undertakers may let to any person, for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as they think fit, any works constructed by them for the purpose of providing facilities or services under subsections (1) and (2) above, and may authorise that person to make such reasonable charges as the undertakers may determine in respect of the use of the works.

(5) The powers of undertakers under subsections (1) and

(2) above shall, in the case of a waterway which they manage but do not own, be exercisable only with the consent of the owners of the waterway.

(6) Statutory water undertakers may make byelaws with respect to any waterway owned or managed by them and any land held with the waterway, for the preservation of order, for

896

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

1945 c. 42.

Provision of facilities by Forestry Commissioners.

the prevention of damage to land held with the waterway, or anything on or in the waterway or such land, and for securing that persons resorting to the waterway or such land will so behave themselves as to avoid undue interference with the enjoyment of the waterway or land by other persons, including (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this subsection) byelaws—

(a) regulating sailing, boating, bathing and fishing and other forms of recreation,

(b) prohibiting the use of the waterway by boats which are not for the time being registered with the undertakers in such manner as the byelaws may provide,

(c) preventing the passing into the water of any sewage or other offensive or injurious matter, whether solid or fluid,

(d) requiring the provision of such sanitary appliances as may be necessary for the purpose of preventing pollution,

and the byelaws may authorise the making of reasonable charges in respect of the registration of boats in pursuance of the byelaws.

(7) Section 19 (without subsection (6)(b)) and section 20 of the Water Act 1945 shall apply to byelaws made under subsection (6) above, and shall so apply as if the byelaws were made under section 17 of that Act.

(8) Paragraphs (c) and (d) of subsection (6) above are without prejudice to the powers of making byelaws under section 18 of the Water Act 1945 (water pollution).

(9) Where, by provision contained in, or having effect under, any enactment concerning a reservoir or other waterway owned or managed by statutory water undertakers, some other statutory water undertakers are liable to contribute to the costs of constructing, operating and maintaining the reservoir or other waterway, the undertakers may make arrangements for sharing any expenditure incurred in, and any receipts arising from, the exercise of the powers conferred by this section.

Trees and woodlands

23.—(1) The Forestry Commissioners constituted under the Forestry Acts 1919 to 1945 (in this section referred to as " the Commissioners ") shall have the powers conferred on diem by this section.

(2) The Commissioners may, on any land placed at their disposal by the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food or the Secretary of State for Wales, provide, or arrange for or

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

897

assist in the provision of, tourist, recreational or sporting facilities and any equipment, facilities or works ancillary thereto, including without prejudice to that generality—

(a) accommodation for visitors,

(b) camping sites and caravan sites,

(c) places for meals and refreshments,

(d) picnic places, places for enjoying views, parking places, routes for nature study and footpaths,

(e) information and display centres,

(/) shops in connection with any of the aforesaid facilities, ig) public conveniences,

and the Commissioners shall have power to make such charges as they think fit in connection with any of those facilities.

In this subsection "provide" includes manage, maintain and improve.

(3) The power of the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Secretary of State for Wales under section 39

of the Forestry Act 1967 to acquire land shall include power i%7 c. 10. to acquire land in proximity to land placed by him at the disposal of the Commissioners where it appears to him that the land which it is proposed to acquire is reasonably required by the Commissioners for the provision of such facilities as are mentioned in subsection (2) above.

Either of the said Ministers shall have power to dispose of land acquired by him, whether by way of sale, lease or exchange, where in his opinion it is no longer so required, or where in his opinion the disposal is desirable for the purpose of securing the provision of any of those facilities by any other body or person.

(4) The Commissioners* powers to make byelaws under section 46 of the Forestry Act 1967 shall include power to make byelaws for regulating the reasonable use by the public of the facilities described in subsection (2) above, and in relation to any such matter as is described in section 41(3) of this Act.

(5) The Countryside Commission shall have power to act as agent for the Commissioners in the exercise of their powers under subsection (2) above.

(6) All expenses incurred by the Commissioners in the exercise of their powers under this section shall be paid out of the Forestry Fund, and all sums received by the Commissioners in the exercise of their powers under this section shall be paid into the Forestry Fund.

2 F

898

Amendments of Forestry Act 1967.

1967 c. 10.

Tree

preservation orders: provision for compensation.

Ch. 41 Countryside Act 1968

24. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 11 of this Act. the said Commissioners may. on any land placed at their disposal by the Minister (as defined in the Forestry Act •1967). plant, care for and manage trees in the interests of amenity, and in section 3(1) of the Forestry Act 1967 (management of forestry land) the reference to the Commissioners* functions under that Act shall include a reference to their functions under this subsection.

(2) The said Minister may acquire, whether by purchase, feu, lease, exchange or excambion, land which in his opinion ought to be used for planting trees in the interests of amenity, or partly for that purpose and partly for afforestation, together with any other land which must necessarily be acquired therewith, and may place any land acquired by him under this subsection at the disposal of the Commissioners.

(3) The said Minister shall have power to dispose of land acquired by him under this section, whether by sale, feu, lease, exchange or excambion, where in his opinion it is no longer required by him for the purpose for which it was acquired.

(4) The definition of "public open space " in section 9(6) of the Forestry Act 1967 shall not include a country park provided under section 7 of this Act, or a park or pleasure ground in the Lee Valley Regional Park which in the opinion of the Minister serves the purpose set out in section 6(1) of this Act when the considerations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection are taken into account.

(5) This section shall be construed as one with the Forestry Act 1967, and that Act shall have effect as if subsections (2) and

(3) above formed part of section 39 of that Act.

25. —(1) This section has effect where in pursuance of provision made by a tree preservation order a direction is given, by the local planning authority or the Minister, for securing the re-planting of all or any part of a woodland area which is felled in the course of forestry operations permitted by or under the order.

(2) If the Forestry Commissioners decide not to make any advance under section 4 of the Forestry Act 1967 in respect of the re-planting and come to that decision on die ground that the direction frustrates the use of the woodland area for the growing of timber or other forest products for commercial purposes and in accordance with the rules or practice of good forestry, the local planning authority exercising functions under the tree preservation order shall be liable, on the making of a claim in accordance with this section, to pay compensation in respect of such loss or damage, if any, as is caused or incurred in consequence of compliance with the direction.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

899

(3) The Forestry Commissioners shall* at the request of the person under a duty to comply with die direction* give a certificate stating whether they have decided not to make any such advance and, if so. the grounds of their decision.

(4) A claim for compensation under this section must be served on the local planning authority within twelve months from the date on which the direction was given, or where an appeal has been made to the Minister against the decision of the local planning authority* from the date of the decision of the Minister on die appeal* but subject in either case to such extension of that period as the local planning authority may allow.

(5) Any question of disputed compensation under this section shall be determined in accordance with section 128 of the

Town and Country Planning Act 1962 (reference to Lands 1962 c. 38. Tribunal).

(6) This section shall be construed as one with Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962, and section 3(6) of that Act (references in Part III to local planning authority to include references to any other authority to whom functions have been delegated) shall apply accordingly.

(7) The terms of any delegation of functions by a local planning authority effected in pursuance of the said section 3 before the coming into force of this section may be varied, so as to take account of any liability under this section of a local authority to whom functions have been so delegated, in such manner as the local planning authority and the other local authority may agree, or, if they fail to agree, as may be determined by the Minister.

(8) This section, without subsections (5) to (7), shall apply to Scotland subject to the following modifications—

(a) references to a direction given in pursuance of provision

made by a tree preservation order shall be construed as references to a requirement imposed by or under such an order;

(b) for any reference to the Minister there shall be sub-

stituted a reference to the Secretary of State;

(c) references in subsection (4) to an appeal against the deci-

sion of a local planning authority shall be construed as references to an application for the determination of any question relating to the reasonableness of a requirement;

(d) any question of disputed compensation shall be deter-

mined in accordance with section 70 of the Countryside 1967 c. 86. (Scotland) Act 1967;

and shall be construed as one with Part II of the Town and 1947 c. 53. Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947.

2 F 2

900

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

1967 c. 86. (9) Section 67 of the Countryside (Scotland) Act 1967 (grants

to local authorities) shall have effect in relation to the expenditure of a local planning authority in Scotland in or in connection with paying compensation under this section as it has effect in relation to the expenditure mentioned in that section.

Tree

preservation

orders:

compensation

under

Planning

Acts.

1962 c. 38. 1947 c. 43.

26. In section 125(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962, so far as it relates to tree preservation orders, and in section 26(2) of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947 (both of which sections provide for compensation for refusal of consent under tree preservation orders) for the words M damage or expenditure " there shall be substituted " loss or damage ".

Public rights of way

Signposting 27.—(1) A highway authority, after consultation with the

udtekSeH* owner or occupier of the land concerned, shall have power to ways> erect and maintain signposts along any footpath or bridleway

for which they are the highway authority.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, at every point where a footpath or bridleway leaves a metalled road the highway authority shall in exercise of their power under subsection (1) above erect and maintain a signpost—

(a) indicating that the footpath or bridleway is a public footpath or bridleway, and

(b) showing, so far as the highway authority consider convenient and appropriate, where the footpath or bridleway leads, and the distance to any place or places named on the signpost.

(3) A highway authority need not erect a signpost in accordance with subsection (2) above at a particular site if die highway authority, after consulting the council of the parish in which the site is situated, or as the case may be the chairman of the parish meeting for the parish, not having a parish council, in which the site is situated, are satisfied that it is not necessary, and if the parish council, or as the case may be the chairman of the parish meeting, agree.

(4) It shall also be the duty of a highway authority in exercise of their powers under subsection (1) above to erect such signposts as may in the opinion of the highway authority be required to assist persons unfamiliar with the locality to follow the course of a footpath or bridleway.

(5) With the consent of the highway authority, any other person may erect and maintain signposts along a footpath or bridleway.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

901

(6) Section 117(2)(c) of the Highways Act 1959 (destruction, 1959 c. 25. damage or defacement of a traffic sign) shall apply to a signpost erected or placed along a footpath or bridleway in pursuance of this section as it applies to a traffic sign placed on or

near a highway, and in section 63 of the Road Traffic Regulation 1967 c. 76. Act 1967 (power to enter on land) " traffic signs " shall include signposts for footpaths and bridleways.

(7) In this section (and in the amendments made by this section in other enactments) references to signposts shall include references to other signs or notices serving the same purpose and references to the erection of a signpost shall include references to positioning any such other sign or notice.

28. —(1) Any stile, gate or other similar structure across a Duty to footpath or bridleway shall be maintained by the owner of the maintain land in a safe condition, and to the standard of repair required SSSa£[VSd to prevent unreasonable interference with the rights of the bridleways, persons using the footpath or bridleway.

(2) If it appears to the highway authority for the footpath or bridleway that the duty imposed by subsection (1) above is not being complied with, the highway authority, after giving to the owner and occupier not less than fourteen days’ notice of their intention, may take all necessary steps for repairing and making good the stile, gate or other works, and may recover from the owner of the land the amount of any expenses reasonably incurred by the highway authority in and in connection with the exercise of their powers under this subsection, or such part of those expenses as the highway authority think fit.

(3) The highway authority shall contribute not less than a quarter of any expenses shown to their satisfaction to have been reasonably incurred in compliance with subsection (1) above, and shall have power to make further contributions of such amount in each case as they shall, having regard to all the circumstances, consider reasonable.

(4) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to any structure if and so long as die highway authority are, under an agreement in writing with any other person, liable to maintain die structure, or if any conditions for the maintenance of the structure are for the time being in force under section 126 of the Highways Act 1959 (authority for erection of stiles etc.).

(5) This section shall be construed as one with the Highways Act 1959.

29. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, the duty to ploughing of make good the surface of a footpath or bridleway imposed by footpath or section 119(3) of the Highways Act 1959 (ploughing of footpath bridleway, or bridleway) shall be carried out not later than six weeks from

2 F 3

902

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

the date of the giving of the notice of intention to plough required by subsection (2) of the said section 119* or if, in contravention of the said subsection (2), no such notice was given, not later than three weeks from the time when the occupier began to plough the footpath or bridleway in pursuance of the said section 119.

(2) If on the application of the occupier the highway authority are satisfied that it is expedient in the interests of good farming that the period of six or three weeks mentioned in subsection (1) of this section should be extended the highway authority may—

(a) order the temporary diversion of the path or way until

such date as may be specified in the order, being a date not more than three months after the time when the occupier began to plough the footpath or bridleway, and

(b) by the order extend the period of six weeks or three

weeks mentioned in subsection (1) of this section so as to expire on that date.

(3) On the making of the order the highway authority shall forthwith cause a copy of the order to be displayed in a prominent position at the ends of the diversion.

(4) In deciding whether to make an order under subsection (2) of this section a highway authority shall take into account the interests of the users of the path or way, and the highway authority shall before refusing to make an order under subsection (2) of this section consult the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

(5) An order under this section diverting a path or way—

(a) shall not affect the line of the path or way on land not

occupied by the applicant,

(b) shall not divert any part of the path or way on to land

not occupied by the applicant, unless written consent to the making of the order has been given by the occupier of that land, and by any other person whose consent is needed to obtain access to the land,

(c) may require as a condition of the taking effect of the

order the provision of any necessary facilities for the convenient use of the diversion,

and the highway authority may enter into an agreement with the applicant for the provision of any such facilities by the highway authority at the expense of the applicant.

(6) The said section 119 shall not apply to so much of a footpath or bridleway as follows what are for the time being the headlands or sides of a field or enclosure.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

903

(7) If a footpath or bridleway is ploughed, and the occupier has no right to plough it, or if there is a failure to comply with subsection (3) of the said section 119, the highway authority, after giving to the occupier not less than fourteen days’ notice of their intention, may take all necessary steps for making good the surface of the path or way so as to make it reasonably convenient for the exercise of the public right of way, and may recover from the occupier the amount of any expenses reasonably incurred by the highway authority in and in connection with the exercise of their powers under this subsection.

(8) Subsection (1) of this section shall bind the Crown.

(9) This section shall be construed as one with the Highways 1959 c 25 Act 1959.

30.—(1) Any member of the public shall have, as a right of Riding of way, the right to ride a bicycle, not being a motor vehicle, pedal bicycles on any bridleway, but in exercising that right cyclists shall give on bridleways, way to pedestrians and persons on horseback.

(2) Subsection (1) above has effect subject to any orders made by a local authority, and to any byelaws.

(3) The rights conferred by this section shall not affect the obligations of the highway authority, or of any other person, as respects the maintenance of the bridleway, and this section shall not create any obligation to do anything to facilitate the use of the bridleway by cyclists.

(4) Subsection (I) above shall not affect any definition of "bridleway " in this or any other Act.

(5) In this section " motor vehicle " has the same meaning as

in the Road Traffic Act 1960. 1950 c. 16.

(6) It is hereby declared that sections 9, 10, 11 and 13 of the said Act of 1960 (offences connected with riding of bicycles) apply to bridleways as being highways which are "roads" within the meaning of that Act.

(7) Section 12(1) of the said Act (prohibition of cycle racing on highways) shall have effect as if the expression "public highway " included a bridleway, but without the exception for a race or trial authorised by regulations under that section.

31. The Acts mentioned in Schedule 3 to this Act shall be amended in accordance with that Schedule.

and minor matters.

Traffic regulation orders

32. —(1) This section has effect in England and Wales, exclu- Traffic

sive of Greater London, as respects roads in, or forming part regulation

of, or adjacent to or contiguous with— orders for

, , VT . , _ . special areas

(a) a National Park, in the

2F4 countryside.

904

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

(b) an area of outstanding natural beauty,

(c) a country park provided under section 7(1) of this Act

which in the opinion of the Minister serves the purpose set out in section 6(1) of this Act when the considerations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection are taken into account, and any park or pleasure ground in the Lee Valley Regional Park which in the opinion of the Minister serves that purpose,

(d) an area in which the Commission are conducting a

project or scheme under section 4 of this Act,

(e) a long distance route,

(/) a nature reserve or an area subject to an agreement under section 15 of this Act,

(g) land belonging to the National Trust which is held by the Trust inalienably,

and has effect in Scotland as respects roads in the countryside 1967 c. 86. within the meaning of the Countryside (Scotland) Act 1967.

1967 c. 76. (2) The Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 shall have effect

as respects such roads as if the list of purposes for which a traffic regulation order may be made under section 1 of that Act as set out in the paragraphs of subsection (1) of that section, included the purpose of conserving or enhancing the natural beauty of the area, or of affording better opportunities for the public to enjoy the amenities of the area, or recreation or the study of nature in the area.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) below, in the case of any such road as aforesaid which is not a trunk road, the appropriate Minister may by order under this subsection make as respects that road for the purpose specified in subsection (2) above any such provision as he might have so made by an order under section 1 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 if that road had been a trunk road, and that Act shall apply to an order under this subsection as respects any road as it applies to an order under the said section 1 as respects a road which is for the time being a trunk road.

(4) The Commission, or as the case may be, the Countryside Commission for Scotland, may, if they think fit, make submissions to the appropriate Minister as to the desirability of making an order as respects any road under subsection (3) above or, if that road is a trunk road, under section 1 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967; and the appropriate Minister shall not make an order under the said subsection (3) as respects any road except after receiving such a submission with respect to that road and after consultation with the authority having power to make an order as respects that road under the said section 1.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

905

(5) Subject to the following provisions of this section, section 1 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967, as applied for 1967 c. 76. the purposes set out in subsection (2) above, shall have effect so

as to authorise the making of traffic regulation orders as respects Crown roads, and orders (hereafter also referred to as " traffic regulation orders ") may be made under subsection (3) above as respects Crown roads.

(6) The consent of the appropriate Crown authority must be given before a traffic regulation order is made as respects a Crown road.

(7) A traffic regulation order made as respects a Crown road, notwithstanding section 97 of the said Act of 1967, shall not apply to vehicles or persons in the public service of the Crown except so far as is expressly provided in the order, and the inclusion of any such express provision in an order not made by a Minister shall require the approval of the appropriate Minister.

(8) If a traffic regulation order is or is to be made as respects a Crown road, the local authority concerned may, after consultation with the appropriate Crown authority, place and maintain, or cause to be placed and maintained, such traffic signs of any type prescribed, or authorised, under section 54 of the said Act of 1967 as the local authority may consider necessary in connection with the order.

The powers conferred by this subsection shall be exercisable subject to and in conformity with any general directions given under section 55(1) of the said Act of 1967, and any other power conferred by the said section 55 to give directions to a highway authority shall include power to give the like directions to the local authority concerned as respects the Crown road, but after consultation with the appropriate Crown authority.

(9) The appropriate Minister may, after consulting the appropriate Crown authority, give directions to the local authority concerned with any Crown road requiring the local authority to remove, or cause to be removed, any traffic sign, within the meaning of the said Act of 1967, or any other object or device (whether fixed or portable) for the guidance or direction of persons using roads, on or in the vicinity of the road, and section 63 of the said Act of 1967 (power to enter on land) shall apply as if this subsection formed part of section 61 of that Act.

(10) In this section—

" the appropriate Crown authority ", in relation to any land, has the same meaning as " the appropriate authority " as defined by section 101(11) of the Act of 1949,

906

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

1967 c. 76.

Exchequer grants for country parks.

1962 c. 38.

" the appropriate Minister '* means, as respects Scotland or Wales and Monmouthshire the Secretary of State, and otherwise means the Minister of Transport,

"Crown road" means a road, other than a highway, to which the public have access by permission granted by the appropriate Crown authority, or otherwise granted by or on behalf of the Crown,

" local authority concerned ", in relation to a Crown road, means the authority having power to make an order as respects that road under section 1 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 as extended by this section,

" road " has the meaning given by section 104 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967,

and any reference in this section to the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 shall be construed as a reference to that Act as for the time being in force.

(11) Sections 93 and 94 of the Act of 1949 (restriction of traffic on roads in National Parks, etc.) shall cease to have effect

Financial

33.—(1) The Minister may with the consent of the Treasury make Exchequer grants to local authorities in respect of expenditure incurred by them—

(a) in or in connection with the acquisition of land for the purposes of a country park provided under section 7 of this Act (hereafter in this section referred to as " a country park "),

(b) in or in connection with the erection of buildings and

the carrying out of works (including the provision of parking places and means of access) in, or to be used for the purposes of, a country park, or in connection with the restoration, repair or adaptation of any such buildings or works (whether or not provided by the local authority),

(c) by way of payment towards capital expenditure incurred

by an owner of land which, under arrangements made with the local authority, is used as or as part of a country park,

(d) in or in connection with the collection of litter in a country park, and its disposal,

(e) in the exercise of their powers under section 28 of the

Town and Country Planning Act 1962 (discontinuance of or modification of uses of land and alteration or

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

907

removal of buildings) as respects land in, or to be acquired for the purposes of, a country park provided by them or any other local authority.

(2) Where in consequence of an order made under the said section 28 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962, a 1962 c. 38. purchase notice is served under section 136 of that Act, then if the interest in respect of which the notice is served is purchased in accordance with Part VIII of that Act or compensation is payable in respect thereof under section 134(2) of that Act, expenditure incurred in the purchase of the interest or the payment of the compensation shall be treated for the purposes of this section as if it were expenditure incurred in the exercise of powers under the said section 28.

34.—(1) The Minister may with the consent of the Treasury Exchequer make Exchequer grants to local authorities in respect of expendi- grants for ture incurred by them falling under any of the following heads, countryside.

1. Expenditure under section 9 of this Act, and expenditure

in or in connection with the acquisition of land for the purposes of the section.

2. Expenditure under section 10 of this Act as respects a

camping site provided mainly as a stopping-place for those on their way to or from the place or area where they spend their holidays and expenditure in or in connection with the acquisition of land for the purposes of such a site.

3. Expenditure under section 24 of the Caravan Sites and i960 c. 62.

Control of Development Act 1960 as respects a caravan site in the countryside provided mainly as a stopping-place for those on their way to or from the place or area where they spend their holidays and expenditure in or in connection with the acquisition of land for the purposes of such a site.

4. Expenditure under section 10 of this Act as respects a

picnic site, and expenditure in or in connection with the acquisition of land for the purposes of such a site.

5. Expenditure under section 12(2) of this Act

6. Expenditure under the Act of 1949 for the purposes of

Part V of that Act (access to open country), including expenditure in or in connection with the acquisition of land for the purposes of the said Part V, and expenditure under section 20 of this Act.

2 F *2

908 Ch. 41 Countryside Act 1968

7. Expenditure in paying compensation under section 25 of

this Act.

8. As respects land in the countryside, expenditure under

section 89(1) of the Act of 1949 (tree-planting), and expenditure in or in connection with the acquisition of land for the purposes of the functions conferred by the said section 89(1).

9. Expenditure under section 92 of the Act of 1949

(appointment of wardens).

10. Where the local authority are acting in pursuance of a scheme approved by the Minister for the removal of things disfiguring the countryside, expenditure under any enactment

(2) Where a local authority acting in pursuance of a scheme approved by the Minister for the removal of things disfiguring the countryside make an order under section 28 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962, and a purchase notice is served under section 136 of that Act, then if the interest in respect of which the notice is served is purchased in accordance with Part VIII of that Act or compensation is payable in respect thereof under section 134(2) of that Act, expenditure incurred in the purchase of the interest or the payment of the compensation shall be treated for the purposes of head 10 in subsection (1) above as if it were expenditure incurred in the exercise of powers under the said section 28.

(3) Exchequer grants shall not be payable under this section in respect of expenditure incurred before the passing of this Act

(4) As respects expenditure incurred after the end of the financial year in which this Act is passed, so much of section 97 of the Act of 1949 as authorises the making of grant in respect of expenditure eligible for grant under this section shall cease to have effect and no grant shall be paid under this section in respect of expenditure (incurred before the end of the said financial year) eligible for grant under the said section 97.

Exchequer 35.—(1) Section 33 of this Act shall apply to any park or

grants for pleasure ground provided by the Lee Valley Regional Park

Lee Valley Authority in exercise of their powers under the Lee Valley

iqS!0™ iHark’ Regional Park Act 1966 which in the opinion of the Minister 1966 c. xh. serves the purpose set out in section 6(1) of this Act when the considerations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection are taken into account as it applies to a country park provided under section 7.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

(2) In section 34(1) of this Act—

(a) heads 2 and 4 shall have effect, in relation to expen-

diture incurred by the said Authority, as if for references to section 10 of this Act there were substituted references to the said Act of 1966, and

(b) head 3 shall have effect, in relation to expenditure

incurred by the said Authority, as if for the reference to section 24 of the Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act 1960 there were substituted a reference to the said Act of 1966.

(3) The Minister may with the consent of the Treasury make Exchequer grants to the said Authority in respect of expenditure incurred by the Authority under the said Act of 1966 and falling under any of the following heads.

1. As respects land in die countryside, expenditure which,

if the Authority were a local planning authority, they could have incurred under section 89(1) of the Act of 1949 for the purpose of planting trees on land in their area for preserving or enhancing the natural beauty thereof, and expenditure in or in connection with the acquisition of land for that purpose.

2. Expenditure incurred by the Authority under section 31

of the said Act of 1966 (appointment of wardens or rangers) as respects any park or pleasure ground provided by the Authority which in the opinion of the Minister serves the purpose set out in section 6(1) of this Act when the considerations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection are taken into account, or as respects any picnic site.

(4) Exchequer grant shall not be payable by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section as respects any expenditure incurred before the passing of this Act.

36.—(1) This section has effect as respects the making to local authorities of Exchequer grants under this Act and, for expenditure incurred after the end of the financial year in which this Act is passed, as respects the making of grants under section 97 of the Act of 1949 (grants for National Parks and areas of outstanding natural beauty).

(2) The grants shall not exceed seventy-five per cent of the amount of the expenditure in respect of which the grants are made.

(3) The grants shall only be payable in such cases as the Minister may approve and the Minister may give his approval either to a particular item of expenditure or to expenditure of a specified class or incurred in specified circumstances.

2 F *3

1960 c. 62.

Exchequer grants : general provisions.

910

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Protection for interests in countryside.

(4) Subject to subsection (2) above, grants shall be of such amounts and payable at such times and subject to such conditions as the Minister may from time to time determine, either generally or in the case of any particular local authority.

(5) The grants may be made either as periodical grants in respect of costs from time to time incurred, or treated as incurred, by a local authority in respect of the borrowing of money to defray expenditure qualifying for the grants, or as capital grants in respect of the expenditure or in substitution for such periodical grants.

(6) The Minister shall arrange for the making of recommendations by the Commission as to the making of the grants, and for consultation with the Commission by the Minister where he proposes to make a grant not recommended by the Commission, or not to make a grant recommended by them.

(7) For the purposes of any such grant—

(a) any land appropriated by a local authority for a purpose

for which they may acquire land may be treated as acquired by the local authority for that purpose at a cost of such amount, and defrayed in such manner, as the Minister may determine,

(b) where expenditure eligible for any such grant is expen-

diture incurred by a local planning authority as respects land in or in the neighbourhood of a National Park in the exercise of any powers, any administrative expenses incurred by the local planning authority after the passing of this Act which are attributable to the exercise of those powers may be treated as part of the first-mentioned expenditure.

(8) In accordance with subsection (1) above, in subsection (1) of the said section 97 for the words preceding paragraphs (a) to (/) there shall be substituted the words " The Minister may with the consent of the Treasury make Exchequer grants to local authorities in respect of expenditure incurred by them in the exercise ", and subsections (2), (3) and (4) of the said section 97 (which are superseded by the provisions of this section) shall cease to have effect, but not so as to affect the application of the said section 97 to expenditure incurred before the end of the financial year in which this Act is passed.

Supplemental

37. In the exercise of their functions under this Act and the Act of 1949 it shall be the duty of every Minister, and of the Commission, the Natural Environment Research Council and local authorities to have due regard to the needs of agriculture and forestry and to the economic and social interests of rural areas.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

911

38. In the exercise of their functions under this Act and the Avoidance of Act of 1949 it shall be the duty of the Commission, the Forestry pollution. Commission and local authorities to have due regard to the protection against pollution of any water, whether on the surface

or underground, which belongs to statutory water undertakers or which statutory water undertakers are for the time being authorised to take.

39. Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect as respects the exercise by local authorities of functions relating to the SftSSL countryside.

40. —(1) This section has effect as respects any National Park National parks

joint planning board, that is to say a joint planning board Joint planning constituted under section 2 of the Town and Country Planning f

Act 1962 for an area which consists of or includes any part of members or

a National Park. officers.

(2) Any such board may defray— 1962 c. 38.

(a) any travelling or other expenses reasonably incurred by

or on behalf of members or officers of the board, or of any committee of the board, in attending a conference or meeting convened by one or more local planning authorities whose areas includes the whole or part of a National Park, or by any association of such authorities, being a conference or meeting for the purpose of discussing any matter connected with the discharge of functions exercisable by local planning authorities in respect of National Parks;

(b) any travelling or other expenses reasonably incurred by

or on behalf of members or officers of the board, or of any committee of the board, in making official or courtesy visits, whether inside or outside the United Kingdom, on behalf of the board;

(c) any expenses incurred in the reception and entertain-

ment by way of official courtesy of distinguished persons residing in or visiting the board’s area, and of persons representative of or connected with other local planning authorities or bodies concerned with matters relating to the countryside, whether inside or outside the United Kingdom, and in the supply of information to any such persons.

(3) In the case of a visit within the United Kingdom, the amount defrayed in respect of the expenses of a member of the board shall not exceed the payments which he would have been entitled to receive by way of travelling allowance or subsistence allowance under section 113 of the Local Government Act 1948 1948 c. 26. if the making of the visit had been an approved duty of that member within the meaning of that section.

2 F *4

912

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Power to make

byelaws and

related

provisions

about

wardens.

41.—(1) A local authority may as respects—

(a) a country park provided by the local authority under

section 7 of this Act (on land belonging to the local authority or other land), or

(6) any land as respects which the local authority have exercised powers conferred by section 9 of this Act, or

(c) a picnic site provided by the local authority under section 10 of this Act,

make byelaws for the preservation of order, for the prevention of damage to the land or anything thereon or therein, and for securing that persons resorting thereto will so behave themselves as to avoid undue interference with the enjoyment of the land by other persons.

(2) The Commission may as respects any land held by them for the purposes of section 4 of this Act, or as respects land to which the public have rights of access pursuant to an agreement under section 4(5)(fi) of this Act, make byelaws for the preservation of order and the other purposes mentioned in subsection (1) above.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, byelaws under those provisions—

to) may prohibit or restrict the use of the land or of any waterway comprised therein, either generally or in any manner specified in the byelaws, by traffic of any description so specified,

(b) may contain provisions prohibiting the depositing of rubbish and the leaving of litter,

(c) may regulate or prohibit the lighting of fires,

(d) may regulate sailing, boating, bathing and fishing and other forms of recreation on waterways,

(e) may prohibit the use of any waterway comprised in a country park by boats which are not for the time being registered with the local authority in such manner as the byelaws may provide,

(/) may be made so as to relate either to the whole or to any part of the land or of any waterway comprised therein, and may make different provisions for different parts thereof,

and the byelaws may authorise the making of reasonable charges in respect of the registration of boats in pursuance of the byelaws.

(4) Byelaws made under this section shall not interfere with the exercise of any public right of way or of any functions relating to the land or waterway to which the byelaws apply which are exercisable by any authority under any enactment

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

(5) Before a local authority make byelaws under the foregoing provisions of this section as respects a National Park or area of outstanding natural beauty, the local authority shall consult the Commission.

(6) A county council or county district council shall have power to enforce byelaws made under this section by another authority as respects land in the area of the council.

(7) Section 106 of the Act of 1949 (supplementary provisions as to byelaws) shall have effect as if byelaws under this section were byelaws under that Act.

(8) Subsections (1) and (2), and subject to the next following subsection subsection (4), of section 92 of the Act of 1949 (appointment of wardens for land for which byelaws may be made under section 90 of that Act) shall have effect as if the power of making byelaws conferred by this section was contained in the said section 90, and as if the Commission were a local authority.

(9) For the purposes of exercising any function conferred on him by the said section 92 as applied by subsection (8) above a warden appointed under that section may enter upon any land, or go on any waterway, as respects which byelaws under this section are in force, although the land or waterway does not belong to the local authority or the Commission.

(10) Sections 90, 91 and 92 of the Act of 1949 shall have effect as if any path which is a means of access to land to which the public are given access by an agreement or order, or in consequence of acquisition, under Part V of the Act of 1949 was included in that land.

(11) In subsection (10) above " path " means a public path, or a road used as a public path (as those expressions are defined in section 27(6) of the Act of 1949) or any other path, not being a highway at the side of a public road, which the public have the

right to use, or are permitted to use, as a means of access to r

land to which the public are given access under Part V of the Act of 1949.

(12) Byelaws made under section 90(3) of the Act of 1949 shall not interfere with the exercise of any public right of way or with any authority having under any enactment functions relating to the land or waterway to which the byelaws apply.

42.—(1) A local planning authority whose area consists of or Wardens, includes the whole or any part of a National Park may appoint such number of persons as may appear to the authority to be necessary or expedient to act as wardens as respects any land

914

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

1925 c. 20.

1958 c. 34.

General provisions as to local authority powers conferred by Act.

within the National Park to which section 193 of the Law of Property Act 1925 (common land) for the time being applies, whether or not within the area of the local planning authority.

(2) Before a local planning authority first exercise their powers under subsection (1) above as respects any land, they shall, if practicable, consult the person entitled to the soil of the land.

(3) The foregoing subsections shall be construed as one with section 92 of the Act of 1949 and shall be subject to subsection

(4) of that section (saving for interests of landowners).

(4) The purposes for which wardens may be appointed by an authority under the said section 92 (as amended by this Act) as respects any land or waters are—

(a) to secure compliance with any byelaws, with the pro-

visions of the Litter Act 1958 and with any requirements imposed by or under section 193 of the Law of Property Act 1925,

(b) to advise and assist the public, and

(c) to perform such other duties (if any) in relation to the

land or waters as the authority may determine.

This subsection shall have effect in substitution for subsection

(2) of the said section 92.

43.—(1) A local authority shall make available any facilities and services provided by diem under this Act for those who do not normally reside in the area of the local authority as freely as for those who do.

(2) A local authority shall have power to make reasonable charges for any facilities or services provided by them under this Act and may arrange for any facilities or services which they have power to provide under this Act to be provided by some other person, and, where they make arrangements for any such facilities or services to be provided by some other person, may authorise that person to make reasonable charges.

(3) The services and facilities for which charges may be made under subsection (2) above include the use of any camping site, picnic site or parking place, of any waterway comprised in a country park, and of any part of a country park set aside for any particular form of recreation.

(4) Any power of a local authority under this Act to provide buildings or other premises for any purpose shall include power to equip them with such furniture and apparatus as may be reasonably necessary to enable them to be used for that purpose.

(5) Any power of a local authority under this Act to provide buildings or other premises, or any services or facilities, or

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

915

anything else, shall include power to enter into agreements with any other authority or person for the use. on such terms as may be agreed, of anything, or any facilities or services, provided by. or under the control of. that other authority or person and, if it appears convenient, for the services of any staff employed in connection therewith.

44.—(1) The Minister may. subject to the provisions of this Power to section, by order repeal or amend any provision in any local local Act passed before this Act and relating to any local authority where it appears to him that that provision is inconsistent with, or local has become unnecessary in consequence of. any provision of authorities, this Act.

(2) Before making an order under this section the Minister shall consult with each local authority affected by the proposed order.

(3) An order made under this section—

(a) shall not repeal or amend any enactment so far as it

relates to the water undertaking of a local authority.

(b) may contain such transitional, supplemental or in-

cidental provisions as appear to the Minister to be expedient, and

(c) shall be made by statutory instrument subject to annul-

ment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

45.—(1) This section has effect as respects any power con-Agreements ferred by this Act on the Commission or any local authority to mth Iand" enter into agreements with landowners and other persons having owners* interests in land.

(2) Schedule 2 to the Forestry Act 1967 (powers of tenants 1967 c. 10. for life and other limited owners to enter into forestry dedication covenants) shall apply to any such agreement as it applies

to such a covenant.

(3) Where a landowner, or other person having an interest in the land, by the agreement grants or agrees to grant any right as respects the land, the grant or agreement shall be binding upon any person deriving title or otherwise claiming under the grantor to the same extent as it is binding upon the grantor notwithstanding that it would not have been binding upon that person apart from the provisions of this subsection.

(4) Any such agreement may be made either irrevocably or subject to such provisions for revocation or variation as may be specified in the agreement.

916 Ch. 41 Countryside Act 1968

(5) For the purposes of any enactment or rule of law as to the circumstances in which the dedication of a highway or the grant of an easement may be presumed, or may be established by prescription, the use by the public or by any person of a way across land at any time while it is the subject of any such agreement shall be disregarded.

Application] of general provisions of Act of 1949. 46.—(1) In the following provisions of the Act of 1949 references to that Act shall include references to this Act— section 99(1) (power of local authority to contribute to expenses of another local authority), section 103 (acquisition of land), section 104 (appropriation and disposal of land by local authorities) but subject to Schedule 2 to this Act, section 108 (entry to survey land in connection with its acquisition), section 109 (local inquiries and service of documents), section 111 (Isles of Stilly). (2) In subsections (1) and (2) of the said section 103 of the Act of 1949 references to the Natural Environment Research Council shall include references to the Commission. (3) In section 108(3) of the Act of 1949 (seven days’ notice to be given of intended entry) for the words "seven days’" there shall be substituted the words " fourteen days’ ", and this amendment shall have effect both for the purposes of the Act of 1949 and of this Act (4) Section 112 of the Act of 1949 (Epping Forest and Burnham Beeches) shall have effect as if the provisions of this Act about experimental projects or schemes, country parks, common land and camping and picnic sites were mentioned in the said section 112(2). (5) Section 113 of the Act of 1949 (National Trust Land) shall have effect as if the provisions of this Act about experimental projects or schemes, country parks, common land and campinc and picnic sites were contained in Part VI of the Act of 1949.

Crown land. 47.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect for applying certain provisions of this Act to Crown land, that is to say land an interest in which belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duchy of Lancaster, or to the Duchy of Cornwall, and land an interest in which belongs to a Government department or is held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a Government department

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

917

(2) Any power under this Act to acquire land compulsorily may be exercised to acquire an interest in Crown land, other than one held by or on behalf of the Crown, but only with the consent of the appropriate authority.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) below, the appropriate authority may enter into an agreement under section 4(5)(b) or section 7(3)(h) of this Act as respects an interest in Crown land held by or on behalf of the Crown, and any such agreement as respects any other interest in Crown land shall not have effect unless approved by the appropriate authority.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) above—

(a) an agreement authorised by the said subsection (3) and

made by any Government department shall be of no effect unless it is approved by the Treasury, and

(b) in considering whether to make or approve an agree-

ment so authorised and relating to land belonging to a Government department or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a Government department, the department and the Treasury shall have regard to the purposes for which the land is held by or for the department

(5) Section 28 of this Act shall apply to Crown land if and so far as the appropriate authority consents to the application of that section to the land.

(6) If any land subject to an agreement to which section 45 of this Act applies becomes Crown land, subsection (3) of that section shall cease to apply to that agreement unless the appropriate authority consent to its continued application to the agreement.

(7) Byelaws made under this Act shall apply to Crown land if the appropriate authority consent to their application thereto.

(8) Section 101(11) of the Act of 1949 shall apply for the construction of references in this section to "the appropriate authority ".

(9) Agreements made by the Crown Estate Commissioners shall not require the approval of the Treasury under section lOl(lOHa) of the Act of 1949 and accordingly in that paragraph, as originally enacted, the words "by the Commissioners of Crown Lands or " shall cease to have effect.

48.—(1) There shall be defrayed out of money provided by Expenses and Parliament— payments into

(a) any sums required for the payment of grants under this Act, or any other expenses of a Minister under this Act, and

918

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Interpretation. 1949 c. 97.

1959 c. 25.

1963 c. 38. 1945 c. 42.

(6) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of such money under any other Act

(2) There shall be paid into the Exchequer any sums required to be so paid in consequence of any of the provisions of this Act.

49.—(1) Section 114 of the Act of 1949 shall apply for the construction of this Act.

(2) In this Act, unless the oontext otherwise requires—

" the Act of 1949 " means the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949;

44 boat " includes any hover vehicle or craft being a vehicle or craft designed to be supported on a cushion of air and which is used on or over water;

" bridleway " and 44 footpath " have the meanings given by section 295(1) of the Highways Act 1959;

44 land " includes any interest in or right over land;

44 the Minister ", as respects Wales and Monmouthshire, means the Secretary of State, and otherwise means the Minister of Housing and Local Government;

‘‘public body" includes any local authority or statutory undertaker, and any trustees, commissioners, board or other persons, who, as a public body and not for their own profit, act under any enactment for the improvement of any place or the production or supply of any commodity or service;

"river authority" means a river authority constituted by or under the Water Resources Act 1963 and the Conservators of the River Thames, the Lee Conservancy Catchment Board and the Isle of Wight River and Water Authority;

44 statutory water undertakers " has the same meaning as in the provisions of the Water Act 1945, other than Part II of that Act.

(3) In this Act44 parish " means a rural parish and references to a parish and a parish council shall be construed as including references to a borough which has been included in a rural district and the council of such a borough respectively.

(4) References in this Act to the conservation of the natural beauty of an area shall be construed as including references to the conservation of its flora, fauna and geological and physio-graphical features.

Countryside Act

Ch. 41

919

50.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Countryside Act 1968.

(2) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 5 to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed.

(4) The provisions of this Act amending or repealing any provision of the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 extend to Scotland and Northern Ireland.

(5) This Act, except subsections (1), (3) and (4) of this section, sections 15, 24, 25, 26, 32, 37. 46(3) and so much of sections 46(1), 48, and 49 as relates to the first-mentioned sections, shall not extend to Scotland, and subject to subsection (4) above this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Short title, repeals,

commencement and extent.

1957 c. 20.

920

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Sections 7, and 16.

Section 9.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Proposals submitted to Statutory Undertakers

AND OTHER AUTHORITIES

1. This Schedule has effect where any authority are consulted in accordance with section 8, section 12(4) or section 16(7) of this Act

2. —(1) If the authority withhold their consent to the proposals about which they are consulted, the proposals shall not be proceeded with unless, on an application in that behalf specifying the proposals and the grounds for withholding consent, the Minister so directs, and subject to any conditions or modifications specified in the direction.

(2) Before giving a direction under this paragraph the Minister shall afford to the objecting authority, and the authority by whom the proposals are made, an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose, and shall consider that person’s report.

(3) This Schedule shall apply with the necessary modifications where the Minister in accordance with section 16(8) of this Act consults any authority as respects an access order to be made by him.

SCHEDULE 2 Procedure for taking Common Land

1.—(1) For the purpose of enabling a local authority to exercise their powers under the principal section on land taken out of the common land the Minister may in accordance with this Schedule authorise a local authority to acquire any part of the common land, including all commonable and other rights in or over the land, and, where the local authority already hold the land, to appropriate that land for the purposes of the principal section.

(2) Where the local authority already hold the land, but subject to any commonable or other rights in or over the land, they shall not appropriate the land until they have, under sub-paragraph (1) above, acquired all those rights.

(3) Land acquired or appropriated as authorised under this paragraph shall be held by the local authority free from the public right of access, but shall be used for the benefit of the public resorting to the common land.

(4) The Minister shall not give his authority under this paragraph unless he is satisfied—

(a) that there has been or will be given in exchange for the land other land, not being less in area and being equally advantageous to the persons, if any, entitled to commonable and other rights, and to the public, and that the land given in exchange has been or will be vested in the persons in whom the land taken was vested, and subject to the like rights, trusts and incidents as attached to the land taken, or

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

921

(b) that the giving in exchange of such other land is unnecessary, Sol 2 whether in die interests of the persons, if any, entitled to commonable or other rights or in the interests of the public.

Preliminary notices

2.—(1) Before a local authority apply to the Minister for authority under paragraph 1 above as respects any part of the common land, they shall in two successive weeks publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality of the land a notice—

(a) stating that the local authority propose to make the appli-

cation;

(b) giving particulars of the land which it is proposed to take out of the common land;

(c) stating whether land has been or is to be given in exchange,

and, if so, giving particulars of that land, and stating the respective areas of the land to be taken and of the land given or to be given in exchange.

(2) If all or any part of the land to be taken is in a parish, the local authority shall, not later than the time of first publication of the notice, serve a copy of the notice on the parish council or, in the case of a parish not having a parish council, on the chairman of the parish meeting.

(3) The notice shall name a place within the locality where a map showing the said land, and any land given or to be given in exchange, may be inspected, and shall specify the time (not being less than twenty-eight days from first publication of the notice) within which and the manner in which representations with respect to the proposals in the notice may be made to the Minister.

(4) The Minister shall before giving his decision on the application take into consideration every representation which has been duly made and which has not been withdrawn, and may if he thinks fit either afford to each person making such a representation an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, or cause a public inquiry to be held.

Compulsory purchase

3.—(1) A local authority shall have power to acquire compulsorily any land which is required by them for the purposes of their functions under the principal section, and which is part of the common land (or any commonable or other rights in or over that land), but the Minister shall not confirm a compulsory purchase order made in pursuance of this section except after giving his authority under paragraph 1 above as respects the land.

(2) Any notice which relates to a compulsory purchase order made in pursuance of this paragraph and which is published or served under paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land 1946 c. 49. (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 shall refer to the provisions of this Schedule and shall state whether land has been, or is to be, given in exchange.

a

922

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Sch. 2

1899 c. 30.

1933 c. 51. 1959 c. 53.

(3) The notice to be published under paragraph 2 of this Schedule may be combined with a notice to be published under the said paragraph 3 in the Act of 1946 in the same newspaper and relating to the same land.

(4) If land has been, or is to be, given in exchange—

(a) the notice to be published and served under the said paragraph 3 in the Act of 1946 shall give particulars of that land and state the respective areas of the land to be taken and of the land given or to be given in exchange,

(b) the map in the compulsory purchase order shall show that land,

(c) the compulsory purchase order may provide for vesting any land to be given in exchange in the persons, and subject to the rights, trusts and incidents, mentioned in paragraph 1(4) above.

(5) A compulsory purchase order made in pursuance of this paragraph may provide lor discharging the land purchased from all rights, trusts and incidents to which it was previously subject.

(6) Paragraph 11 of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 (special provisions for acquisition of common land) shall not apply to a compulsory purchase order made in pursuance of this paragraph, and section 22 of the Commons Act 1899 (consent of Minister required for purchase of common land) shall not apply to the acquisition of land in pursuance of such a compulsory purchase order.

Acquisition by agreement and appropriation

4. —(1) A local authority shall not acquire by agreement, or appropriate, any common land for the purposes of the principal section except as authorised under paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

(2) Subject to sub-paragraph (1) above, a local authority may appropriate any common land for the purposes of the principal section without compliance with the provisions of section 163 of the Local Government Act 1933 or section 104 of the Act of 1949 as amended by section 23 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1959 (under which the approval of the Minister is required).

(3) On an appropriation of land under this paragraph such adjustment shall be made in the accounts of the local authority as the Minister may direct.

Power to override restrictions affecting common land

5. No restrictions applying to commons generally, or to any particular common, contained in or having effect under any enactment, and no trust subject to which the common land is held, shall prevent a local authority from taking part of common land in accordance with this Schedule.

Protection for statutory undertakers

6. References in this Schedule to commonable and other rights in or over common land shall not be taken as including references to any right vested in statutory undertakers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

923

Interpretation

7. In this Schedule "common land* has the meaning given by section 22(1) of the Commons Registration Act 1965.

SCHEDULE 3 Public Rights of Way Part I

Miscellaneous Amendments Act of 1949

Section 29 (representations and objections as to draft maps and statements)

The Minister shall give an opportunity of being heard under subsection (6) (appeal to Minister), at the same time as to the appellant, to any other person appearing to the Minister to have an interest in the matter to which the appeal relates.

In paragraph (b) of the said subsection (6) (appeal against decision under subsection (4)) for the words " to reverse the decision * there shall be substituted the words " to vary or reverse the decision *, and the particulars to be contained in the provisional map and statement in accordance with section 30(3) of the Act of 1949 shall reflect any such variation or reversal of the decision.

Section 33 (revision of maps and statements)

In carrying out a review under section 33(1) the authority shall have regard to the discovery by the authority, in the period mentioned in that subsection, of any new evidence, or of evidence not previously considered by the authority concerned, showing that there was no public right of way over land shown on the map as a public path, or as a road used as a public path, or that any other particulars in the map or statement were not within the powers of Part IV of the Act of 1949, and their powers of preparing a revised map and statement under subsection (4) or as the case may be proviso (d) to subsection

(5), of the said section 33 may be exercised accordingly:

Provided that the authority shall not take account of the evidence if satisfied that the person prejudiced by the public right of way, or his predecessor in title, could have produced the evidence before the relevant date mentioned in the said section 33(1) and had no reasonable excuse for failing to do so.

This amendment applies to a review begun before or after the coming into force of this Act.

Section 38(2) (places where maps and statements are to be available for inspection)

The places at which the maps and statements described in section 38(2) are to be available for inspection shall include the offices of the council of each county district comprised in the area to which the map and statement relates, whether or not the offices are in the county district.

Sch. 2 1965 c. 64.

Section 31.

924

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Sea. 3

1959 c. 25.

1958 c. 69.

Watbr Act 1945 (1945 c. 42.

Section 23 (orders authorising construction of works, etc.)

The applicant for an order under section 23 which would authorise the stopping up or diversion of a footpath or bridleway shall, not later than the date on which the notice required by paragraph 1 of Part I of Schedule 1 to the Act is first published, cause a copy of the notice to be displayed in a prominent position at the ends of the part of the path or way to be stopped up or diverted.

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946

(1946 c. 49.

Section 3 (power to extinguish certain public rights of way)

1. Section 3(1) shall have effect with the substitution for references to the Minister of references to the acquiring authority.

2. In the case of an order under section 3(1) extinguishing a right of way (but not an order reviving a right of way)—

(a) the order shall not take effect unless confirmed by the Minister, as defined in this Act, or unless confirmed, as an unopposed order, by the acquiring authority,

(b) the Minister shall not confirm the order unless satisfied as to the matters set out in section 3(1),

(c) the time specified in the order as the time from which the

right of way is extinguished shall not be earlier than confirmation of the order,

(d) Schedule 7 to the Highways Act 1959, as amended below,

shall have effect as to the making, confirmation, validity and date of operation of the order,

but paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above shall not apply where the acquiring authority is the Minister.

3. These amendments of section 3 of the Act of 1946 shall not affect that section as applied by section 15 of the Opencast Coal Act 1958 (suspension of rights of way).

4. These amendments of the said section 3 shall not apply in relation to an order if made before the date of the coming into force of this Act, or if a notice relating to the order was published pursuant to subsection (2) of the said section 3 before that date.

Highways Act 1959 (1959 c. 25.

Sections 27 and 28 (creation of footpaths)

In sections 27 and 28 " local authority " shall include any county council, and any joint planning board, being a board for an area which comprises any part of a National Park, but before a county council or joint planning board exercise any power under either of those sections over any land they shall consult the council of any county borough or county district comprising any part of that land.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

925

This amendment shall not affect section 29 (exercise by other authorities of powers under sections 27 and 28) and accordingly this amendment shall not require a county council or local planning authority exercising powers by virtue of the said section 29 to consult any other authority.

This amendment shall apply to Greater London as if Greater London were a county, the Greater London Council were the council of that county and die London boroughs and the City of London were county districts in that county.

Section 32 (protection for agriculture and forestry)

In section 32 " councils " shall include all local planning authorities.

Sections 110 and 111 (stopping up and diversion of footpaths)

In sections 110 and 111 " local authority " shall include any county council, and any joint planning board, being a board for an area which comprises any part of a National Park, but before a county council or joint planning board exercise any power under section 110 or 111 over any land they shall consult the council of any county borough or county district comprising any part of that land.

This amendment shall not affect section 112(3) (exercise by other authorities of powers under sections 110 and 111) or the definition of "appropriate authority" in section 112(7), and accordingly this amendment shall not require a county council exercising powers by virtue of the said section 112(3) to consult any other authority.

Section 112(5) (public path diversion order made at instance of

Minister)

Where under section 112(5) the Minister directs an authority to make a public path diversion order or decides himself to make a public path diversion order, the local authority, or as the case may be the Minister, may require the owner, lessee or occupier on whose representations the Minister is acting to enter into an agreement with die local authority (that is to say, both where the local authority are directed to make the order and where the Minister himself is to make the order, the "appropriate authority" as defined in section 112(7)) for the owner, lessee or occupier to defray, or to make such contribution as may be specified in the agreement towards, any such compensation or expenses as are specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of section 111(4) of the Act of 1959.

Section 126 (authority for erection of stiles etc. in footpath or bridleway)

In section 126 references to agricultural land, and to land being brought into use for agriculture, shall include references to land used, or as the case may be land being brought into use, for forestry.

Schedule 7 (Orders for creation, extinguishment or diversion of public paths)

1. Paragraph 2 of the Schedule shall have effect as respects any order not made by the Minister, as defined in this Act, subject as follows.

Sch. 3

926

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Sch. 3 2. If no representations or objections are duly made, or if any

so made are withdrawn, the authority by whom the order was made may, instead of submitting the order to the Minister, themselves confirm the order (but without any modification).

3. The authority shall not confirm a -public path extinguishment order or a public path diversion order unless satisfied on all the matters on which the Minister must, under section 110(2), or as the case may be section 111(5), of the Act be satisfied when it is the Minister who is confirming the order.

4. The words "or confirmed as an unopposed order* shall be inserted—

(a) in section 28(1), section 110(1) and section 111(1) of the Act

of 1959 after the words " and submitted to and confirmed by the Minister of Housing and Local Government *,

(b) in paragraph 1(1) of Schedule 7 to the Act of 1959 after "Government for confirmation*, and

(c) in paragraph 4 of the said Schedule 7 after "confirmed or

made by the Minister of Housing and Local Government ’*,

and in paragraph (a) of the said paragraph 1(1) after "confirmation* insert "or to be confirmed as an unopposed order’*.

5. Section 286(2) of the Act of 1959 (variation or revocation of orders) shall apply to a public path creation order, a public path extinguishment order, or a public path diversion order, confirmed as an unopposed order as it applies to such an order confirmed by the Minister, but so that an order confirmed in either way may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order confirmed in the other way.

6. In paragraph 3(1) of the said Schedule 7 (regulations about procedure) the word "making * shall be inserted before " submission and confirmation*.

7. These amendments of the Act of 1959 shall not affect an order made before the coming into force of this Act.

Water Resources Act 1963 (1963 c. 38.

Section 67 (compulsory powers for carrying out works of building

or engineering)

The applicants for an order under section 67 which would authorise the stopping up or diversion of a footpath or bridleway shall, not later than the date on which the notice required by paragraph 2 of Part I of Schedule 8 to the Act is first published, cause a copy of the notice to be displayed in a prominent position at the ends of the part of the path or way to be stopped up or diverted.

Part n

Revision of Maps and Statements

1. Any review or further review begun under section 33 of the Act of 1949 after the coming into force of this Act shall be carried out in accordance with this Part of this Schedule, and subsections

(1) and (2) of section 34 of the Act of 1949 shall not apply to it.

Countryside Act 1968

Ch. 41

927

2. —(1) Before carrying out the review the authority shall consult Sen, 3 with the councils of county districts and parishes in the area of

the authority as to the arrangements to be made for the provision by the councils of information for the purposes of the review, and subsections (2), (3) and (4) of section 28 of the Act of 1949 shall apply to the arrangements.

(2) If the authority is a joint planning board the reference in sub-paragraph (1) above to the councils of county districts and parishes shall include a reference to the council of every county or county borough wholly or partly comprised in the area of the board.

3. The review shall include the preparation of a revised map and statement in draft

4. —(1) On completing the preparation of the draft map and statement (hereafter called the " draft revision ") the authority shall notify the Minister and shall publish in the London Gazette and in one or more newspapers circulating in the area of the authority a notice of the preparation of the draft revision stating—

(a) the places where copies of the draft revision can be inspected

at all reasonable hours,

(b) the time (not being less than 28 days) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to alterations effected by the draft revision, or to anything omitted therefrom, may be made to the Minister.

(2) If the alterations effected by the draft revision include a new item showing a public path, or a road used as a public path, or any alteration of the particulars concerning a public path, or road used as a public path, section 29(2) of the Act of 1949 (right of owner and other interested persons to require the authority to give information about documents taken into account by the authority) shall apply with any necessary modifications.

(3) If any representation or objection is duly made in respect of alterations effected by the draft revision, or of anything omitted therefrom, and is not withdrawn, the Minister shall cause a local inquiry to be held.

(4) If any such representation or objection is duly made, and is not withdrawn, the Minister shall, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, and after taking into consideration any report by the person appointed to hold the local inquiry, take a decision on the objection or representation, and if he considers that the draft revision should be modified to give effect to his decision he shall give to the authority such directions as appear to him necessary for the purpose.

(5) If it appears to the Minister that any modification which he proposes to make under sub-paragraph (4) above may adversely affect any persons other than the person who made the representation or objection, he shall, before giving any direction to the authority, afford to those persons an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Minister.

928

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Sch. 3 5.—(1) This paragraph has effect as respects the revised map and

statement, if any, to be prepared under subsection (4) or proviso (d) of subsection (5) of section 33 of the Act of 1949 (map and statement to be prepared on completion of the review except where there is no change).

(2) The map and statement shall be prepared as soon as may be after the time prescribed by the notice under paragraph 4(1 Xh) above, and after any representations or objections duly made, and not withdrawn, have been dealt with by the Minister.

(3) The authority shall publish in the London Gazette and in one or more newspapers circulating in the area of the authority notice of the preparation of the map and statement, and of places where copies of the map and statement may be inspected at all reasonable hours.

(4) The particulars to be contained in the map and statement shall be those contained in the draft revision, subject to such modifications as may be required for giving effect to any direction given by the Minister under paragraph 4(4) above.

(5) The authority shall furnish to the Minister such number of copies of the revised map and statement, as prepared in definitive form, as he may require.

(6) Subsections (4), (5) and (6) of section 32 of the Act of 1949 (effect of definitive maps and statements) shall apply to the said revised map and statement as they apply to an (unrevised) definitive map and statement

6. This Part of this Schedule shall be construed as one with section 33 of the Act of 1949.

Part HE Roads Used as Public Paths

The special review

7. In this Part of this Schedule the " special review " carried out by any authority means the first review begun by that authority after the coming into force of this Act.

8. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, the draft revision in the special review shall be published not later than three years after the date of the coming into force of this Act

(2) If on the said date the authority have not completed a survey or revision begun earlier—

(a) the draft revision in the special review shall be published not

later than three years after the date of the coming into force of this Act, or one year after notice is published of the completion of the survey or earlier review, whichever is the later,

(b) the special review (hereafter in this Schedule called a " limited

special review ") shall be confined to a review of roads used as public paths in accordance with this Part of this Schedule:

Country*.Act 1968

Ch . 41

929

Provided that if on a review begun before the date of the coming Sch. 3 into force of this Act no revised map and statement has been published in draft before that date, the review shall be abandoned, and shall be begun again under Part II of this Schedule as the special review.

(3) If it appears to the Minister that any stage of a special review has been or is likely to be unduly delayed, he may give to the authority such directions as appear to the Minister appropriate for expediting the review, and it shall be the duty of the authority to comply with the directions.

Reclassification of roads used as public paths

9.—(1) In the special review the draft revision, and the definitive map and statement, shall show every road used as a public path by one of the three following descriptions—

(a) a " byway open to all traffic ",

(b) a " bridleway ",

(c) a " footpath ",

and shall not employ the expression " road used as a public path " to describe any way.

(2) As from the date of publication of the definitive map and statement in the special review—

(a) each way shown in the map in pursuance of this paragraph

by any of the three descriptions shall be a highway maintainable at the public expense,

(b) subject to paragraph (c) below, any entry in the map describ-

ing a way as a 6 byway open to all traffic " shall be conclusive evidence of the existence on the date of publication of a public right of way for vehicular and all other kinds of traffic,

(c) section 32(4Xc) of the Act of 1949 (position and width, and

limitations or conditions affecting the public right of way, as shown in the statement) shall apply to any byway so shown as it applies to a footpath or bridleway.

(3) In this paragraph " road used as a public path " means—

(< a) a way which is shown as a " road used as a public path " in the last definitive map and statement, or

(b) a way which is shown as a " bridleway " or as a 44 footpath " in the last definitive map and statement, and which in the opinion of the authority ought to have been there shown as a road used as a public path, or

(c) where the special review is not a limited special review, a

way which in the opinion of the authority would, but for the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, have fallen to be shown, in the definitive map and statement resulting from the special review, as a road used as a public path.

(4) In subsection (2)(a) and in subsection (5) of section 51 of the Act of 1949 (long distance routes) references to roads used as public paths shall include references to any way shown on a definitive map and statement as a 44 byway open to all traffic ".

2 G

930

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Sch. 3 (5) Nothing in this paragraph shall limit the operation of road

1967 c. 76. traffic orders under the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 or oblige a highway authority to provide, on a way shown on a definitive map as a " byway open to all traffic ", a metalled carriage-way, or a carriage-way which is by any other means provided with a surface suitable for the passage of vehicles.

Test for reclassification

10. The considerations to be taken into account in deciding in which class a road used as a public path is to be put shall be—

(a) whether any vehicular right of way has been shown to exist,

(b) whether the way is suitable for vehicular traffic having regard to the position and width of the existing right of way, the condition and state of repair of the way, and the nature of the soil,

(c) where the way has been used by vehicular traffic, whether

the extinguishment of vehicular rights of way would cause any undue hardship.

Procedure on special review

11. —(1) Part II of this Schedule shall apply to a special review subject as follows.

(2) The published notices shall state that the review reclassifies roads used as public paths.

(3) The representations or objections referred to in paragraph 4 in Part II shall include representations or objections with respect to the reclassification of any road used as a public path.

(4) The time, as stated in the published notice of the draft revision, within which any representation or objection (of any description) may be made to the draft revision shall not be less than four months.

Survey begun after commencement of Act

12. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, paragraphs 9 and 10 above shall apply to an initial survey begun after the coming into force of this Act as if it were the first review so begun.

(2) In paragraph 9(1), as applied to the survey, for references to the draft revision and the definitive map and statement there shall be substituted references to the map and statement in draft, provisional and definitive form, and in paragraphs 9 and 10, as applied to the survey, " road used as a public path " shall mean a way which in the opinion of the authority would, but for the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, have fallen to be shown, in the definitive map and statement resulting from the survey, as a road used as a public path.

Interpretation and construction

13. —(1) In this Part of this Schedule references to a definitive map and statement include references to a revised map and statement prepared in definitive form.

(2) This Part, and Part IV, of this Schedule shall be construed as one with Part IV of the Act of 1949.

Countryside\Act 1968

Ch. 41

Part IV Timing of Reviews

14.—(1) The period covered by a review, that is to say the period between the two dates specified in section 33(1) of the Act of 1949, shall not exceed five years:

Provided that this sub-paragraph shall not affect the validity of any review or of any document prepared or thing done in consequence of a review.

(2) The interval between the end of the period covered by a review and the publication of the draft revision shall be—

(a) in the case of the special review, not more than two years,

and

(b) in the case of any subsequent review, not more than six months.

(3) In the case of a limited special review—

(a) sub-paragraphs (1) and (2) above shall not apply, and

(b) the period covered by the next subsequent review shall begin with the relevant date for the original survey, or the date of review of the last review before the special review, whichever is the later.

(4) Section 33(3) of the Act of 1949 (which is superseded by sub-paragraph (1) above) shall not apply to a review begun after the coming into force of this Act

SCHEDULE 4 Local Authority Committees and Joint Boards Planning committees

1.—(1) Part I of Schedule 2 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 (appointment of planning committees) shall have effect as if all appropriate countryside functions exercisable by county councils or county borough councils were functions conferred on them as local planning authorities.

(2) The functions to be delegated to a separate planning committee, or separate sub-committee of a planning committee, appointed in pursuance of section 8(3) of the Act of 1949 (for the part of the area of a local planning authority within a National Park, with or without any part of the remainder of the area) shall include, in addition to such of the local planning authority’s functions under the said Act of 1962 and the Act of 1949 as are so delegated in pursuance of the said section 8(3), such other appropriate countryside functions exercisable by the local planning authority (whether as a local planning authority or as the council of a county or county borough) as may be agreed between the local planning authority and the Commission, or as in default of agreement the Minister may determine.

(3) The committee or sub-committee may under the said section 8(3) as extended by sub-paragraph (2) above be authorised to exercise any appropriate countryside functions for all or any part of the area of the local planning authority which is outside the area for which the committee or sub-committee is appointed.

Sch. 3

Section 39.

1962 c. 38.

2 G 2

932

Ch. 41

Countryside*Act 1968

Sch. 4 (4) The purposes for which a committee may be appointed under

1933 c. 51. section 85 of the Local Government Act 1933 (general power to

appoint local authority committees) shall include the discharge of any appropriate countryside functions, including any such functions which the local authority in question exercise as a local planning authority.

This sub-paragraph has effect notwithstanding that subsection

(5) of the said section 85 restricts that section where the local authority are authorised to appoint a committee by any other enactment, and notwithstanding that the said Part I of Schedule 2 to the Act of 1962 as amended by this paragraph is such an enactment; but this sub-paragraph shall not affect the provisions of the said section 8(3) of the Act of 1949.

Local planning authorities? joint advisory committees

2. —(1) The purposes for which under Part II of Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1962 a joint advisory committee may be established by local planning authorities or the Minister shall include the purpose of advising as to the exercise of any appropriate coun-tryside functions exercisable by any of the local planning authorities concerned (whether as local planning authorities or as councils of counties or county boroughs).

(2) The functions of a joint advisory committee established, whether before or after the passing of this Act, to meet the requirements of section 8(4) of the Act of 1949 (which requires such a committee to be established where in consequence of a direction under the proviso to subsection (2) of that section there is no one local planning authority for the whole of a National Park) shall include the giving of advice on the exercise of any functions exercisable by the local planning authorities concerned (whether as local planning authorities or as councils of counties or county boroughs) which are conferred by this Act as respects the National Park, but without prejudice to the power given by sub-paragraph (1) above to confer other advisory functions on the joint advisory committee.

(3) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not have effect so as to restrict the purposes for which a joint committee may be appointed under section 91 of the Local Government Act 1933 (general power to appoint joint committees of local authorities) notwithstanding that, under subsection (4) of that section, a joint committee is not to be appointed under that section for any purpose for which the local authorities are authorised to appoint a joint committee by any other enactment, and that sub-paragraph (1) above is such an enactment.

Joint planning hoards

3. An order under section 2(2) of the said Act of 1962 (joint planning boards) may authorise a joint planning board, including one established pursuant to section 8(2) of the Act of 1949 for a National Park, to exercise any appropriate countryside functions exercisable by the councils of counties and county boroughs wholly or partly in the area of the joint planning board; and any functions so conferred shall be treated for the purposes of Part I of the said Schedule 2 as functions exercisable by the joint planning board as a local planning authority.

Countrysid&Act 1968

Ch. 41

Appointment of members of board or committee for National

Park area

4. —(1) Not less than one third of the members of—

(a) a joint board or joint advisory committee constituted for

an area being or including the whole or any part of a National Park, or

(b) a planning committee, or sub-committee of a planning committee, for such an area, where no joint board is constituted for the area,

shall be persons appointed by the Minister after consultation with the Commission:

Provided that if in any particular case the Minister, with the agreement of the Commission, so determines, this sub-paragraph shall have effect as if for the words " one third " there were substituted the words "one quarter".

(2) The persons appointed in pursuance of sub-paragraph (1) above shall hold office for such period, not being less than one year nor more than three years, as die Minister may, after consultation with the Commission, determine and shall be eligible for re-appoint-ment

(3) This paragraph shall not affect any appointment made before this Act comes into force.

(4) This paragraph shall be construed as if it formed part of section 8 of the Act of 1949 (administration of functions of local authorities as respects National Parks), and shall be in substitution for subsection (6) of that section.

Interpretation

5. In this Schedule "appropriate countryside functions" means such functions under this Act, the Act of 1949, or any other enactment, as in the opinion of the local authority or local authorities concerned, or where the functions are ones which may be conferred by an order or determination of a Minister, of that Minister, relate to the countryside and are appropriate for reference to a committee or board concerned with matters relating to the countryside.

SCHEDULE 5

Repeals

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49. The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946. Section 3(2X3) except as applied by section 15 of the Opencast Coal Act 1958 and except as respects an order made, or notice of which was published, before the coming into force of this Act.

2 G 3

Sch. 4

Section 50.

934

Ch. 41

Countryside Act 1968

Sch. 5

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

12, 13 & 14 The National Parks and Geo. 6. c. 97. Access to the Countryside Act 1949.

In section 2(3) the words " to any of the members of the Commission ".

In section 6(4) paragraphs (6) and (d).

Section 8(6).

Section 11(3).

In section 34 subsections (1) and (2) except as respects any review begun before the coming into force of this Act.

In section 73(1) the words from " whereby " to " undue hardship

Section 84.

Section 85(a).

In section 88 the words "(d) and".

In section 89(4) the words from the beginning to " this Act; and".

In section 90(3) the proviso.

Section 92(2).

Sections 93 and 94.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

11 & 12 Eliz. 2. c. 29.

The House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957.

The Local Authorities (Land) Act 1963.

In section 97, except as respects expenditure incurred before the end of the financial year in which this Act is passed, in subsection (1) in paragraph (c) the words " (1) and ", and. paragraphs id) and (/), and subsections (2), (3) and (4).

In section 101 subsection (9> and in subsection (10Xa) the words " by the Commissioners of Crown Lands or".

In Schedule 1, Part II, in paragraph 8 the words " or Part II", and in paragraph 11 the words "or 6".

In Part HI of Schedule 1 the words " Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the National Parks Commission ".

In section 6(2), the words from the beginning to " accordingly " and the words from "for the words ‘by* to ' section and * *.

Ch. 42

935

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 42

An Act to prolong the duration of certain provisions of the Prices and Incomes Acts 1966 and 1967; to extend the maximum period for which standstills in prices and charges or terms and conditions of employment may be enforced under the powers of those Acts, and to confer further powers for requiring reductions in prices and charges and for the deferment of wages regulation orders and agricultural wages orders; to limit company distributions; to limit rent increases and mitigate certain past rent increases for dwelling-houses, and to enable rents of local authority housing to be changed without notice to quit being given; and for connected purposes.

[10th July 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Regulation of Prices and Earnings

1. So long as this section has effect, sections 7 to 22 of the Continuation Prices and Incomes Act 1966 shall continue in force without of Part n of any extension by Order in Council under section 6 of that Act I*™*8 of the period for which they were brought into force under that

section* 1966c. 33.

2. For section 6(3) of the Prices and Incomes Act 1967 there Extension of shall be substituted: — Prices and

" (3) Sections 1 to 3 above shall cease to have effect at the 19^7"^ 1 2 3. end of the year 1969, but the expiration of those sections 1957 ^‘53 shall not affect any order or direction previously made or

2 G 4

936

Ch. 42

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Part I 1966 c. 33.

Increase in length of standstill under Prices and Incomes Act 1967 s. 1 or 3.

1967 c. 53.

given under or by virtue of them for the application of any provision of the Prices and Incomes Act 1966, nor the operation of those sections for purposes of any such order or direction and matters arising therefrom.*’

3.—(1) Where following a reference to the National Board for Prices and Incomes an order is made under section l(2)(b) or 3(1) of the Prices and Incomes Act 1967 for the application of any provision of the Prices and Incomes Act 1966, the maximum period for which the provision may be made to apply shall be as specified in subsection (2) or (3) below.

(2) In the case of an order under section l(2)(b) of the Prices and Incomes Act 1967, the maximum period shall be a period extending until the expiration of the eleven months beginning with the date of publication of the reference to the Board (instead of the six months so beginning as provided by section l(2)(b)) or, in a case within section 2(2)(c) of that Act, with the date of publication of the direction given by virtue of that section (instead of the six months beginning with the date when the direction comes into force as provided by section 2(2)(c)).

(3) In the case of an order under section 3(1) of the Prices and Incomes Act 1967, the maximum period shall be a period ending eight months after the date of the order but beginning with that date or a later date (instead of a period of three months beginning with the date of the order or a later date, as provided by section 3(D); and accordingly an order under section 3(1> may, in a case within subsection (1) of this section, be made not more than eleven months after the date of publication of the reference to the Board (instead of not more than six months after that date, as provided by section 3(2) of that Act).

(4) Where before the date of the passing of this Act an order has been made under section 1(2)(6) or 3(1) of the Prices and Incomes Act 1967 for the application of any provision of the Prices and Incomes Act 1966, the order may be amended by a further order of the Secretary of State under this subsection so as to extend, within the limits permitted by section l(2)(b) or 3(1) as varied by this section, the period for which the said provision is to apply by virtue of the order amended; but—

(a) an order shall not be amended by a further order under

this subsection unless the like notice has been given of the proposal to make the further order as is required by section 1 or 3 of the Prices and Incomes Act 1967 for orders under section 1(2)(£>) or 3(1) of that Act; and

(b) paragraphs 3 to 5 of the Schedule to that Act (which

relate to the contents and publication of such a notice and other matters preliminary to the making of those orders, and to the parliamentary procedure on those

Prices and Incomes Act 1968 Ch. 42 937

orders) shall apply in relation to an amending order Part I under this subsection as they apply in relation to those orders.

(5) Where in connection with a reference to the National Board for Prices and Incomes a standstill on an award or settlement is or has been imposed or continued under section 14 or section IS of the Prices and Incomes Act 1966, or under 1966 c. 33. section 1, section 2 or section 3 of the Prices and Incomes Act 1967 c. 53. 1967, or under the last foregoing subsection, the award or settlement shall not be the subject of any second or further reference to the National Board for Prices and Incomes either during the period of standstill under the provisions of those sections as amended by subsections (2) and (3) of this section or after the expiration of that period; and on the expiration of that period no further standstill shall be imposed in respect of that award or settlement.

4.—(1) Where under section 2(1) or 2(3) of the Prices and Power to Incomes Act 1966 any question is referred to the National Board require for Prices and Incomes concerning prices for the sale of goods reduction or charges for the performance of services, including charges lor the application of any process to goods, the Minister or Ministers referring the question may include in the reference a direction to the Board to consider and, if the Board thinks fit, include in the Board's report recommendations for the reduction of all or any of the prices or charges; and if (not later than the time allowed under section 5 of that Act) a report of the Board on the reference is published containing such a recommendation, then subject to the provisions of this section the Minister or Ministers may by order direct that any of the prices or charges covered by the recommendation shall be reduced to such extent and for such period not exceeding twelve months (beginning with the date of the order or within three months thereof) as may be specified in the order.

(2) An order shall not be made under subsection (1) above in consequence of a report of the Board more than three months after die date of publication of that report; and before making an order under that subsection the Minister or Ministers shall—

(a) publish in the Gazette notice of the proposal to make

it, which shall invite representations about the proposal to be made in writing within a stated period (not being less than fourteen days) to him or them, or to such one of them as the notice may designate, by or on behalf of any persons or undertakings selling goods or performing services for which the prices or charges are affected by the proposal; and

(b) take into consideration any representations so made.

2 G *

938

Part I

1966 c. 33.

1967 c. 53.

Deferment of wages regulation orders and agricultural wages orders.

Restriction on ordinary dividends, and related restrictions.

Ch. 42 Prices and Incomes Act 1968

(3) No order made for purposes of this section shall impose on any prices or charges a restriction more stringent than is recommended by the Board or more stringent than has been proposed by a notice given in accordance with subsection (2) above; but subject to that, an order under subsection (1) above may give effect with such modifications as the Minister or Ministers may think proper to the proposal of which notice has been so given.

(4) An order made for purposes of this section shall prescribe in such manner and by reference to such matters as the Minister or Ministers may think fit the prices and charges that may be lawfully charged in cases to which the order applies; but where anything is done with the written consent of a Minister making or joining in making an order under this section, it shall not by reason of that order be unlawful under this section.

Any written consent given under this subsection shall be notified in the Gazette.

(5) For purposes of this section the expressions " price " and " goods *' have the same meanings as in Part II of the Prices and Incomes Act 1966; and, subject to the provisions of this section, the provisions of that Act specified in Schedule 1 to this Act (of which the subject matter is indicated in column 2 of the Schedule) shall apply for purposes of this section as they would apply if an order made for those purposes were an order under section 7(1) of that Act and if any overcharge beyond the price or charge permitted by an order under this section were an increase forbidden by that section.

(6) The taking of steps with a view to the making of an order under this section shall not prejudice the exercise of any powers conferred by the Prices and Incomes Acts 1966 and 1967 or either of them, and in particular steps may be taken at the same time in relation to the same matter both under this section and under section 1 of the Prices and Incomes Act 1967 with a view to the making of an order either under this section or under that section.

5. The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect to authorise the deferment of the wages regulation orders and agricultural wages orders there mentioned.

Part n

Regulation of Company Distributions

6. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Treasury may by order applying to any description of companies specified in the order, or by directions applying to any companies specified in the directions, prohibit the companies from declaring, without first obtaining the consent of the Treasury, ordinary dividends for

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Ch. 42

939

any financial year at a rate greater than that paid for the pre- Part n ceding financial year.

(2) For purposes of this section " ordinary dividend " means a dividend payable in cash, not being a capital dividend nor a fixed rate dividend; but so long as a company is subject to any order or directions under this section prohibiting it from declaring ordinary dividends as mentioned in subsection

(1), then, except in so far as provision to the contrary is made by the order or directions, the company shall also be prohibited, without first obtaining the consent of the Treasury,—

(a) from making any distribution out of assets of the

company in respect of equity share capital of the company otherwise than by payment of an ordinary dividend or a fixed rate dividend or by repayment of capital; and

(b) from assuming, whether conditionally or otherwise, any

obligation to make a distribution as aforesaid.

(3) For purposes of this section a company is to be treated (subject to subsection (4) below) as declaring ordinary dividends for a financial year at a rate greater than that paid for the preceding financial year if at any time it declares an amount of ordinary dividends for the year which, alone or taken with any amount declared earlier, is greater than the amount of the ordinary dividends paid for the preceding financial year (which is not to be taken as including any amount paid in excess of that lawfully declared); but—

(a) there shall be left out of the comparison to be made in

connection with any declaration amounts declared earlier or paid for the preceding financial year so far as declared or paid in respect of share capital repaid before the declaration in point; and

(b) dividends not expressed to be payable for the financial

year in which they are declared shall be treated as dividends for the one before; and

(c) the declaration of a dividend contrary to an order or

direction under this section shall not be invalidated except to the extent to which it contravenes the order or direction.

(4) In this section references to a financial year of a company are references to any period in respect of which a profit and loss account of the company laid before it in general meeting is made up, and "the preceding financial year" means the immediately preceding financial year; but—

(a) where comparison is to be made between the rates of ordinary dividend for two financial years differing in length by a month or more (both years having come

2 G 2*

940

Ch. 42

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Part II

1965 c. 25.

to an end), the amount to be taken into account as dividends paid for the earlier year shall be treated as increased or reduced in proportion to the greater or less length of the later year; and

(b) where it appears to the Treasury that a comparison

with ordinary dividends for the immediately preceding financial year of a company would for any reason be inappropriate, the Treasury may direct that for purposes of the comparison "the preceding financial year " shall mean such earlier year as may be specified in the direction; and

(c) in relation to the declaration of ordinary dividends in

or for its first financial year by a new company formed in connection with the reconstruction or amalgamation of another company or companies, this section shall have effect as if the company were not a new company but had paid no ordinary dividends for any previous financial year.

(5) Subject to subsection (4)(c) above nothing in this section shall be taken to apply to a new company during its first financial year or to the declaration by it of ordinary dividends for that year.

(6) The Treasury shall not withhold their consent under this section to the doing of anything by a company, if it is made to appear to the Treasury—

(a) that the company is a close company for purposes of Part IV of the Finance Act 1965; and

(b) that the action proposed to be taken by the company does not go beyond that which is likely to be required if there is not to be, within the meaning of section 77 of that Act, a shortfall in the company's distributions for an accounting period (any operation of section 77(4) in relation to the restrictions imposed by this section being for this purpose disregarded).

(7) In this section references to the declaration of a dividend by a company are references to the taking of the decision to pay it, whether or not the decision is that of the company in general meeting; "equity share capital" means any share capital not restricted, as regards participation in distributions of profits, to fixed rate dividends; and " fixed rate dividend " means a dividend which in accordance with the rights attached to any share capital is payable in cash at a fixed rate on that capital or at a rate fluctuating only with the standard rate of income tax.

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Ch. 42

941

(8) This section shall apply to every company incorporated Part D under the law of any part of the United Kingdom except a company which is for the time being treated under section 37 of the Finance Act 1965 as an investment trust for purposes to 1965 c. 25. which that section applies; but nothing in this section shall apply to companies not incorporated under the law of the United Kingdom.

7.—(1) Any order of the Treasury under section 6 above Further may formulate the description of companies to which the order is provisions as to apply in any way, and in particular may include or exclude

named companies. regulations.

(2) Any order of the Treasury under section 6 above may be varied or revoked by a further order of the Treasury.

(3) The Treasury may by regulations make general provision for purposes of section 6 above—

(a) prescribing the form of applications for consent and

the information to be furnished with any such application (but without prejudice to the power of the Treasury to request further information in connection with any such application); or

(b) for other incidental or supplementary matters.

(4) Any order or regulations of the Treasury under this Part of this Act shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(5) Directions of the Treasury under this Part of this Act (including directions given for the purpose only of revoking earlier directions) shall be given by publication in the London,

Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes, and where publication in the Gazettes takes place on different dates, they shall be deemed to be given on the date on which they are first published in any of tide Gazettes.

8.—(1) If any act prohibited by section 6 above is done in offences, the case of any company, the company shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

(2) If in furnishing information in connection with an application for consent under section 6 above a person makes any statement, or produces or makes use of any document, which to his knowledge is or may be misleading, false or deceptive in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

2 G 3*

942

Ch. 42

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Part n (3) Where an offence under this section committed by a company is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the company or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the company shall be guilty of the offence.

(4) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine which, if the

offender is not a body corporate, shall not exceed five hundred pounds.

(5) Proceedings for an offence under this section shall not be instituted in England or Wales except by or with the consent of the Attorney General, and shall not be instituted in Northern Ireland except by or with the consent of the Attorney General for Northern Ireland.

Part III

Regulation of Rent Increases

Restriction on rent

increases under

regulated

tenancies.

9.—(i) Except in the cases and to the extent authorised by regulations made by the Minister under this section, the rent payable for any statutory period of a regulated tenancy of a dwelling house shall not, where a rent for the dwelling-house is registered, be increased by a notice of increase served while this section is in force; and where a notice of increase purports to make in the rent an increase contrary to this subsection, the notice shall have effect to make so much, if any, of that increase as is permitted by the regulations, and no more.

(2) The Minister may by regulations make such provision as to contractual periods of regulated tenancies as appears to the Minister to be expedient in order to secure that the restriction imposed by subsection (1) above in relation to statutory tenancies is not made ineffective by the grant to a tenant (whether a statutory tenant or not) of a new tenancy or by any other arrangement or device.

(3) The provision which may be made by regulations under subsection (1) above may include provision for excepting from the restriction imposed by that subsection, either generally or in a particular area, such regulated tenancies (determined by reference to rateable values or otherwise) as may be provided by the regulations, or for making other exceptions, as well as for regulating in any manner the extent to which, or stages

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Ch. 42

943

by which, a rent may be increased; and any regulations under Part III this section—

(a) may make such distinctions as appear to the Minister to be appropriate, and in particular may distinguish between payments for the use of furniture or for services and the remainder of a rent and provide for any necessary apportionment of the rent payable or of the rent registered for a dwelling-house; and

(A) may make different provision for different cases, whether by reference to area, rateable value or otherwise; and

(c) may make consequential, incidental or supplementary provision for the purposes of the regulations, and in particular provision for the admission as evidence of any matter (and in Scotland sufficient evidence) of documents used under or for the purposes of regulations under this section.

(4) This section and regulations made under it shall have effect notwithstanding anything contained in the Rent Act, and the consequential, incidental and supplementary provision that may be made by the regulations shall include such provision adapting or modifying that Act as appears to the Minister necessary for any purpose of the regulations; and in the exercise of any power to make regulations under that Act regard may be had to matters connected with the operation of this section.

(5) Any power of the Minister to make regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(6) In the application of this section to England and Wales,

44 the Rent Act " means the Rent Act 1968, and— 1968 c. 23

(a) " the Minister " means the Minister of Housing and Local Government or, as regards Wales and Monmouthshire, the Secretary of State; and

(b) " notice of increase " means a notice of increase under section 22(2) of that Act; and

(c) other expressions shall be construed as in that Act.

(7) In the application of this section to Scotland, " the Rent

Act " means the Rent Act 1965, and— 1965 c. 75.

(a) " the Minister " means the Secretary of State; and

(b) 44 notice of increase " means a notice of increase under

section 7 of that Act; and

(c) other expressions shall be construed as in that Act.

2 G 4*

944

Ch. 42

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Part m

Restriction on increases in local authority rents.

1958 c. 42. 1968 c. 31.

10.—(1) Except in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by any directions of the Minister, it shall not be lawful for a local authority to charge in respect of any houses to which this section applies rents exceeding the former rents, unless the increases acconi with proposals submitted to and passed by the Minister under this section.

(2) The houses to which this section applies (in the following provisions of this section referred to as " local authority houses "> are those of which the rents fall to be carried to the local authority’s Housing Revenue Account kept under the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 or. in the application of this section to Scotland, the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968; and for purposes of this section—

(a) " house " has the same meaning as it has for purposes

of that Act, and "local authority" means any authority keeping a Housing Revenue Account under that Act; and

(b) "Minister" means, in relation to authorities in Scot-

land or in Wales and Monmouthshire, the Secretary of State and, in relation to other authorities, the Minister of Housing and Local Government:

Provided that the Minister may give directions extending the operation of this section to other housing accommodation of which a local authority (as above defined) in any part of Great Britain or a county council in England or Wales is landlord, and references in this section to a local authority or to a local authority house, and (for these cases) the expression " the coming into force of this section", shall be given an extended or modified meaning accordingly.

(3) Any reference in this section to the former rent of a local authority house is a reference to the rent last payable for it as a local authority house before the date of the coming into force of this section (but reduced by the amount of any reduction made in the rent for the house under section 11 below) or, if there has been no rent so payable, the rent first payable for it as a local authority house after that date.

(4) On any comparison between rents under this section there shall be excluded from each so much, if any, of it as is determined in accordance with directions of the Minister to represent a payment for the use of furniture or for services or to represent rates, including water rates and charges; and in the case of one or both of the rents being payable at a rate varying according to the circumstances from time to time of the tenant (including the earnings of other persons in the house or of members of his family, or the presence of a lodger in the house), then for purposes of the comparison the amount of

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Ch. 42

945

the rent or each of the rents so payable shall be taken to be. Part III whether it is the earlier or the later rent, the amount payable in the circumstances obtaining at the later date.

(5) Any proposals submitted by a local authority to the Minister under this section—

(a) shall be accompanied by such information and be in

such form as may be required by any directions of the Minister;

(b) may include provision for making rent increases by

stages over a period or for limiting the proposed increases (or those proposed for any stage) in any way, whether by reference to a fixed amount or to a proportion of any rent to be increased, or by reference to a total or average amount or proportion for all the rents or some part of them, or otherwise; and

(c) shall state a minimum period after the making of the

proposals during which the authority intend not to make, for cases covered by the proposals, further increases (apart from increases, if any, for which proposals are not required to be submitted under this section).

(6) A statement of intention included in a local authority's proposals in accordance with subsection (5)(c) above shall not preclude the authority from submitting within the stated period proposals for further increases covered by the statement; but,

& they do, the Minister may refuse consideration of the proposals unless there appear to him to be exceptional circumstances.

(7) If, on submission of proposals under this section to the Minister, he notifies the local authority of his agreement to die proposals (or two months elapse without his notifying them that he is unable to agree), then subject to any conditions attached to the agreement effect may be given to the proposals as proposals passed by the Minister; but where it appears to the Minister that he ought not to agree to the proposals, or not without further information from the authority or further consideration of the proposals by the authority, he may within the two months notify the authority that he is unable to agree, and the submission shall then lapse.

(8) Where the Minister notifies a local authority that he is unable to agree to proposals submitted to him under this section, the local authority may, if they see fit having regard to any observations of the Minister, resubmit all or any of the proposals with or without modification; and the provisions of this section (and in particular subsection (7) above) shall apply on the resubmission of any proposals as if they had not previously been submitted.

946

Ch. 42

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Part in

1868 c. 100.

Mitigation of past increases in local authority rents.

(9) A local authority shall comply with any directions given by the Minister as to the information to be published, or to be given to persons concerned, about proposals submitted by the authority under this section and any steps taken thereon.

(10) Any directions given by the Minister for purposes of this section may be either general or special.

(11) In the event of a local authority contravening or failing to comply with any requirement imposed by or under this section, proceedings for its enforcement by mandamus, injunction, interdict or otherwise (including, in Scotland, proceedings under section 91 of the Court of Session Act 1868) may be instituted by or on behalf of the Minister.

(12) Where the Minister notifies, or has before the date of the passing of this Act notified, a local authority of his agreement to proposals submitted to him before that date for increasing rents charged by the authority for local authority houses, this section shall apply as if the proposals had been submitted to and passed by die Minister under this section, and shall so apply notwithstanding that the proposals did not include a statement of intention in accordance with subsection (5)(c) above.

(13) Any administrative expenses incurred by the Minister in consequence of the provisions of this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

11.—(1) The Minister may give directions to local authorities requiring them, not later than one month after the date the directions are given, to give him notice, in such form and containing such particulars as may be indicated by the directions, of cases of any description so indicated in which the rents payable to them in respect of local authority houses at or last before the date of the coming into force of this section exceeded the rents so payable at or last before the 31st March 1968.

(2) Where the Minister has given directions under subsection

(1) above, then as regards cases of any description indicated in those directions he may give directions to a local authority requiring them within a period specified in the directions (ending not earlier than two months after the date they are given) to submit for his approval proposals for reducing rents for the purpose of mitigating rent increases taking effect after the 31st March 1968 and before the date of the coming into force of this section.

(3) If the Minister approves proposals submitted to him under subsection (2) above either without modification or with any modifications made by the local authority on reconsidering the proposals at the request of the Minister, the Minister shall

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Ch. 42

947

notify the authority and the authority shall put the proposals Part III into effect accordingly; and if an authority fails to submit proposals as required by subsection (2), or the proposals submitted are not approved by the Minister, the authority shall give effect to any directions which the Minister may see fit to give for reducing rents for the purpose of mitigating the rent increases in question.

(4) On receipt from a local authority of a notice required by directions under subsection (1) above the Minister may by a further direction require the authority to give further information; but no directions shall be given to a local authority under subsection (2) above more than two months after the date on which the authority complied with the directions under subsection (1) or. if a further direction is given under this subsection, with that direction.

(5) Directions under subsection (1) above may include provision for excepting from their operation cases in which it appears to the Minister that the information to be included in a local authority's notice is otherwise at his disposal; but no exception so made shall affect the operation of subsections

(2) and (3) above, except that in relation to a case not covered by a local authority's notice directions shall not be given under subsection (2) more than three months after the date the directions under subsection (1) are given.

(6) If, on consideration of a report made by the National Board for Prices and Incomes on a reference to them under section 2(1) or (3) of the Prices and Incomes Act 1966 of any 1966 c. 33. question relating to rents of local authority houses, it appears

to the Minister that in the case of a local authority named in the reference the provisions of this section should extend to rent increases which took effect before the 1st April 1968, then any directions under subsection (2) above may extend to those increases as if they had taken effect at or after that date, or the Minister may in relation to those increases give under this subsection die like directions as in a case within subsection (2) he may give under that subsection in relation to increases taking effect at or after that date, and subsection (3) above shall apply accordingly; but directions shall not be given under this subsection more than two months after the date of publication of the Board's report or the date of the passing of this Act, whichever is the later.

(7) In this section expressions to which a meaning is assigned by section 10(2) above have the meaning so assigned, including any extended or modified meaning given by the proviso; and the following provisions of that section, that is to say, subsections

(4), (9), (10), (11) and (13) shall apply also for purposes of this section.

948

Ch. 42

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Part m

Increase of local authority rents without notice to quit.

1958 c. 42. 1968 c. 31.

12.—(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3) below, where a local authority house is let on a weekly or other periodical tenancy, the rent payable to the local authority under the tenancy may, without the tenancy being terminated, be increased with effect from the beginning of any rental period (that is to say, a period in respect of which a payment of rent falls to be made) by a written notice of increase given by the local authority to the tenant not less than four weeks before the beginning of the rental period (or any earlier day on which the payment of rent in respect of that period falls to be made).

(2) Where a local authority gives a notice of increase under subsection (1) above for the beginning of a rental period and the tenancy continues into that period, the notice shall nevertheless not have effect if the tenancy is terminated by notice to quit given by the tenant in accordance with the provisions express or implied of the tenancy, and—

(a) the notice to quit is given before the end of the period

of two weeks following the date on which die notice of increase is given, or such longer period as may be allowed by the notice of increase; and

(b) the date on which the tenancy is made to terminate is

not later than the earliest day on which the tenancy could be terminated by a notice to quit given by the tenant on the last day of that period.

(3) A local authority’s notice of increase under subsection (1) above shall not be valid unless it tells the tenant of his right to terminate the tenancy and of the steps to be taken by him if he wishes to do so, and it also gives him the dates by which, if the increase is not to be effective, the notice to quit must be received by the authority and the tenancy be made to terminate.

(4) For purposes of this section "local authority* means any authority keeping a Housing Revenue Account under the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 or, in the application of this section to ScoUand, the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scodand) Act 1968, "local authority houses’* are houses of which die rents fall to be carried to a local authority’s Housing Revenue Account kept under that Act and " house ’* has the same meaning as in that Act; but this section shall have effect also in relation to a notice of increase given in relation to any other house if at the time it is given the authority giving it and the house are a local authority and a local authority house for purposes of section 10 above.

(5) This section shall apply in relation to a tenancy of a local authority house notwithstanding that the letting took place before the date of the passing of this Act.

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Ch. 42

949

Part IV

Duration, Extent, Etc.

13.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Prices and Incomes Citation, Act 1968, and the Prices and Incomes Acts 1966 and 1967 duration, and this Act may be cited together as the Prices and Incomes extent etc* Acts 1966 to 1968.

(2) For all purposes of the Prices and Incomes Acts 1966 to 1968 the date of publication of a report of the National Board for Prices and Incomes shall be determined as, in accordance

with section 5(1) of the Prices and Incomes Act 1966, it is to be 1966 c. 33. determined for purposes of that Act.

(3) The references in sections 10(2) and 12(4) above to the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968 shall, in 1968 c. 31. relation to any time before the coming into force of that Act,

be construed as references to the Housing (Scotland) Act 1950. 1950 c. 34.

(4) The foregoing sections of this Act other than sections 2 and 12 shall cease to have effect at the end of the year 1969; but—

(a) on the expiration of any section of this Act section

38(2) of the Interpretation Act 1889 shall apply as 1889 c. 63. it would apply if the section had then been repealed by a later Act; and

(b) without prejudice to the operation of section 38(2) as

so applied, the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the expiration of any section of this Act there dealt with, and the expiration generally of any such section shall not affect its operation for purposes for which it is in accordance with that Schedule to continue in force.

(4) It is hereby declared that this Act, except Part III (and Schedule 3 so far as it relates to Part III), extends to Northern Ireland; but the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall have the same power to pass Acts with respect to any matter as they would have had if this Act had not passed and, in the event of any inconsistency between any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland duly passed after the passing of this Act and any provision of this Act, the Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall, in Northern Ireland, prevail.

950

Ch. 42

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Section 4. 1966 c. 33.

Section 3.

1959 c. 69.

1945 c. 21 (NX).

SCHEDULES SCHEDULE 1

Provisions of Prices and Incomes Act 1966 Applied in Relation to Price Reduction Orders

Provision of 1966 Act Subject matter

Section 7(4) and (5) Method of framing descriptions of prices or charges, or taking account of discounts.

Section 9, together with Schedule 3. Protection of export trade; prices and charges regulated by statute; auctions; effect on contracts; and saving for concluded contracts.

Section 11, except so much of subsection (3) as follows paragraph (c), and except subsection (4). Offences of overcharging.

Section 20 Variation and revocation of orders, and parliamentary procedure for orders.

Section 22(1) and (5) Restriction on prosecutions, and liability of directors and other officers of bodies corporate.

Section 34(3) and (4) ... Conditional sales and hire purchase; publication in Gazette.

SCHEDULE 2

Deferment of Wages Regulation Orders and Agricultural Wages Orders

Part I

Wages Regulation Orders

1. Notwithstanding anything in section 11(4) of the Wages Councils Act 1959 or, as regards Northern Ireland, section 10(4) of the Wages Councils Act (Northern Ireland) 1945, the Secretary of State or Ministry of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland shall not be required to proceed to the making of an order giving effect to any wages regulation proposals before the end of the periods specified in paragraph 2 below.

2. —(1) The Secretary of State or Ministry may by virtue of this Schedule postpone the making of an order giving effect to wages regulation proposals for a period of three months beginning

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Ch. 42

951

with the date on which the wages regulation proposals were submitted or finally submitted to the Secretary of State or Ministry.

(2) If, before an order is made giving effect to wages regulation proposals, the proposals are referred to the National Board for Prices and Incomes, then the making of the order may be postponed for a period—

(a) ending with the date of publication of the Board’s report on the reference, if the report is published within three months from the date on which the reference is published in the Gazette; or

(b) ending with those three months if the report is not so published;

and if the Board's report is so published and contains a recommendation adverse in any respect to the wages regulation proposals, the making of the order may be postponed for an additional period, but so that the order shall be made within the twelve months beginning with the date of submission of the proposals.

In this sub-paragraph "date of submission" means the date of first submission to the Secretary of State or Ministry or, in the case of proposals resubmitted with amendments for increasing (by comparison with the proposals as previously submitted) any rate of remuneration or holidays, the date of resubmission.

3.—(1) Where the Secretary of State or Ministry postpones, by virtue of this Schedule, the making of an order to give effect to wages regulation proposals, the Secretary of State or Ministry shall at the end of the postponement proceed to the making of the order as if the order were giving effect to proposals then newly submitted; but the order shall state that the making of it was postponed by virtue of this Schedule.

(2) Where an order does so state then—

(a) as regards periods after the proposals come into operation

they shall have the like effect as if they had been brought into operation without any such postponement; and

(b) the order may make such adaptations of the proposals, and in particular such adaptations of references to days or periods, as may be necessary to indicate that they have that effect.

Part II

Agricultural Wages Orders

4. For punjoses of this Part of this Schedule " agricultural wages order" and "appropriate authority" mean—

(a) in relation to England and Wales, an order made by the Agricultural Wages Board under section 3, 6, or 7 of the Agricultural Wages Act 1948, and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food; and

Sch. 2

1948 c. 47.

952

Ql 42

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Sch. 2 1949 c. 30.

1939 c. 25 (N.I.).

(ft) in relation to Scotland, an order made by the Scottish Agricultural Wages Board under section 3. 6 or 7 of the Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act 1949. and the Secretary of State; and

(c) in relation to Northern Ireland, an order made by the Agricultural Wages Board for Northern Ireland under section 2 of the Agricultural Wages (Regulation) Act (Northern Ireland) 1939. and the Ministry of Agriculture for Northern Ireland.

5. The appropriate authority may by order direct that an agricultural wages order (or such of its provisions as have not already come into operation) shall not come into operation until the end of a period of three months beginning with the date on which the agricultural wages order is made.

6. —(1) Without prejudice to paragraph 5 above, if an agricultural wages order is referred to the National Board for Prices and Incomes (the reference being published in the Gazette before the order comes into operation), the order shall not come into operation until the period mentioned below has elapsed—

(a) after the date of publication of the Board’s report on the reference, if the report is published within three months from the date on which the reference is published in the Gazette; or

(ft) after the end of those three months, if the report is not so published.

The period above referred to is a period of twenty-one days or such less period as the appropriate authority may direct by notice published in the Gazette.

(2) If the Board’s report is so published and contains a recommendation adverse in any respect to the coming into operation of the agricultural wages order, the appropriate authority may by order made within the said period direct that the agricultural wages order shall not come into operation for such further period as may be specified in the order of the appropriate authority, not being a period ending more than twelve months after the date on which the agricultural wages order is made.

(3) Where an agricultural wages order is referred to the National Board for Prices and Incomes and the reference is published in the Gazette before part of the provisions of the order come into operation, this paragraph shall have effect in relation to the coming into operation of that part of its provisions.

7. Where the coming into operation of an agricultural wages order is postponed (in whole or in part) under this Part of this Schedule, then as regards periods after it comes into operation it shall have the like effect as if it had come into operation without any such postponement.

8. The powers of the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and of the Secretary of State to make orders under this Part of this Schedule shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any order made by an appropriate authority under this Part of this Schedule may be varied or revoked by a further order of that authority.

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Ch. 42

953

Part m Supplementary

9. Section 34(4) of the Prices and Incomes Act 1966 (which makes provision about publication in the Gazette) shall apply in relation to this Schedule as it applies in relation to that Act; and where under this Schedule any period is to be computed from the date on which a reference is published in the Gazette, the period shall, if a reference under section 2(1) of that Act is varied by a reference under section 2(3), be computed in relation to either reference from the date on which the original reference under section 2(1) is so published.

SCHEDULE 3 Special Provisions with Reference to Expiration

1. As regards the expiration of section 1 of this Act any provision of the Prices and Incomes Acts 1966 and 1967 which would have effect on or in relation to the expiration of a period specified in an Order in Council under section 6(1) of the Prices and Incomes Act 1966 for the bringing into force of sections 7 to 22 of that Act (including the provision made by section 6(1) for extension of such a period) shall have effect in like manner.

2. The expiration of section 3 or section 4 of this Act shall not affect any order previously made under or by virtue of the section nor the operation of the section for purposes of any such order and matters arising therefrom.

3. Where before the expiration of section 5 of this Act a report of the National Board for Prices and Incomes is published containing a recommendation adverse in any respect to wages regulation proposals or an agricultural wages order, the expiration of that section shall not, in the case of wages regulation proposals, affect the operation of Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act in relation to the proposals or, in the case of an agricultural wages order, affect any order previously made under paragraph 6(2) of the Schedule with respect to it or the operation of Part II of the Schedule for purposes of the order and matters arising therefrom.

4. Where at the expiration of Part II of this Act a company is subject to any order or directions under section 6 prohibiting it from declaring ordinary dividends as mentioned in section 6(1), the expiration shall not affect the prohibition imposed by the order or directions as regards ordinary dividends for a financial year of the company beginning before the expiration, or the prohibition imposed by section 6(2) as regards the doing of anything before the financial year last so beginning is brought to an end, or the operation of Part II for purposes of or in relation to the order or directions or any such prohibition.

5. —(1) The expiration of section 9 of this Act shall not affect the operation of the section in relation to rents previously registered under the Rent Act. until a further twelve months have elapsed.

Sch. 2 1966 c. 33

Section 13.

954

Ch. 42

Prices and Incomes Act 1968

Sch. 3 (2) A notice of increase given at a time when section 9 applies

to it shall not have a larger effect by reason of the section ceasing to apply.

(3) The lapsing for other purposes of any regulations at the end of the twelve months referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above shall not affect the admissibility of any document as evidence (and in Scotland sufficient evidence) in accordance with the regulations.

6. Where on the expiration of section 10 of this Act the minimum period stated in accordance with section 10(5Xc) in proposals submitted by a local authority and passed by the Minister has not come to an end, then as regards rents covered by the proposals the expiration shall not affect the operation of the section in relation to rent accruing in the interval before the end of that minimum period or, if it is earlier, the end of the financial year of the local authority ending next after the expiration of the section.

Ch. 43

955

Appropriation Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 43

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on 31st March 1969, and to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[26th July 1968]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund 1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply FundTforUie granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on year ending 31st 31st March 1969, the sum of £6,735,187,850. March 1969«

Appropriation of Grants

2. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned Appropriation in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated fors!^iy0ted Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty serviow. y amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of £11,180,963,789 10s 4d are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

956

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

1891 c. 24.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the said sums granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed, under section 2 of the Public Accounts and Charges Act 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said Schedule.

Sanction of Treasury for temporary application of surpluses on certain votes for Navy, Army and Air Services, to meet deficiencies on other votes for the same service.

3.—(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on Navy, Army and Air Services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate spins appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for those services either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the Navy, Army and Air Services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

Sanction for application of surpluses on certain Navy, Army and Air Votes for 1966-67.

1966 c. 3 and c. 26.

1967 c. 59. Short title.

4. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Appropriation Acts 1966 and 1967 surpluses arising on certain votes for Navy, Army and Air Services have been applied towards making good deficits on those services respectively as shown in the statements set out in Schedule (Q to this Act:

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses as shown in the said statements is hereby sanctioned.

5. This Act may be cited as the Appropriation Act 1968.

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

957

r

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A) and (B) to which this Act refers

SCHEDULE (A) Section 2.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund ... £11,180,963,789 10s 4d

SCHEDULE (B)—Appropriation of Grants Section 2.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

1966-67 and 1967-68 Part 1. Defence (Army) Purchasing (Repayment) Ser- £ s. d. £ s. d.

vices (Excess), 1966-67 Part 2. Civil (Excesses), 3,032,043 19 3

1966-67 Part 3. Defence (Central) 278,495 11 1 77,299 14 1

(Supplementary), 1967-68 -Part 4. Defence (Navy) 4,462,000 0 0 *-9,460,000 0 0

(Supplementary), 1967-68 -Part 5. Defence (Army) 27,900,000 0 0 950,000 0 0

(Supplementary), 1967-68 - Part 6. Defence (Royal Ordnance Factories) (Supplemen- 29,900,000 0 0 *-5,710,000 0 0

tary), 1967-68 - - -Part 7. Civil Departments 1,000 0 0 1,500,000 0 0

(Supplementary), 1967-68 - 390,590,000 0 0 9,506,610 0 0

456,163,539 10 4 *-3,136,090 5 11

* Deficit.

L

958

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriation of Grants—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

1968-69 £ s. d. £ s. d.

Part 8. Defence (Central) 24,060,000 0 0 53,579,000 0 0

Part 9. Defence (Navy) 655,813,000 0 0 38,717,000 0 0

Part 10. Defence (Army) 600,750,000 0 0 67,060,000 0 0

Defence (Royal Ordnance Factories) - 3,000,000 0 0 42,700,000 0 0

Defence (Army) Purchasing (Repayment) Services - 3,000,000 0 0 —

Part 11. Defence (Air) - 557,320,000 0 0 49,050,000 0 0

Total, Defence - -£ 1,843,943,000 0 0 251,106,000 0 0

Part 12. Civil, Class I - 180,144,250 0 0 6,758,500 0 0

Part 13. Civil, Class II - 271,677,000 0 0 7,501,000 0 0

Part 14. Civil, Class III 231,424,000 0 0 25,873,010 0 0

Part 15. Civil, Class IV- 2,346,988,000 0 0 344,640,000 0 0

Part 16. Civil, Class V - 395,083,000 0 0 12,878,000 0 0

Part 17. Civil, Class VI- 4,410,432,000 0 0 311,081,930 0 0

Part 18. Civil, Class VII 432,767,000 0 0 80,582,000 0 0

Part 19. Civil, Class VIII 15,241,000 0 0 226,200 0 0

Part 20. Civil, Class IX 462,665,000 0 0 103,351,040 0 0

Part 21. Civil, Class X - 16,269,000 0 0 30,094,300 0 0

Part 22. Civil, Class XI 118,167,000 0 0 5,143,100 0 0

Total, Civil -£ 8,880,857,250 0 0 928,129,080 0 0

Grand Total -£ 11,180,963,789 10 4 1,176,098,989 14 1

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43 959

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

For the service of the March 1967— year ended 31st £ s. d.

Under Act 1968 c. 15 ... 3,310,539 10 4

For the service of the March 1968— year ended 31st

Under Act 1968 c. 1 ... 351,701,000 0 0

Under Act 1968 c. 15 ... 101,152,000 0 0

For the service of the year ending on March 1969— 31st

Under Act 1968 c. 15 ... 3,989,612,400 0 0

Under this Act ... 6,735,187,850 0 0

Total 11,180,963,789 10 4

960

CH. 43

Appropriatim Act 1968

Defence

(Army)

Purchasing

(Repayment)

Services

(Excess)

1966-67.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 1

Defence (Army) Purchasing (Repayment) Services (Excess), 1966-67

Suras not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

Sum granted, to make good an excess on the grants for service of the Defence (Army) Purchasing (Repayment) Services for the year ended 31st £ s. d. £ s. d.

day of March 1967 - 3,032,043 19 3 "

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

961

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 2

Civil

(Excesses),

1966-67.

Civil (Excesses), 1966-67

Sums granted, and sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to make good excesses on certain grants for Civil Services for the year ended 31st March 1967, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote Class IV £ s. d. £ s. d.

2 Board of Trade (Promotion of Trade, Exports, &c., and Shipping and other Services) 10 0 0

12 Ministry of Transport 16,853 4 7 —

15 Roads, &c., Wales 161,946 19 0 *-5,017 19 11

Class VI

19 National Health Service (Superannuation, &c.), Scotland 10 0 0 78,157 15 7

Class IX

20 Post Office Superannuation, &c. 10 0 0 4,847 4 6

Class XI

4 Pensions, &c. (Overseas Services) 99,665 7 6 *-687 6 1

Total, Civil (Excesses) 1966-67 £ 278,495 11 1 77,299 14 1

* Deficit.

2 H

962

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Defence

(Central)

(Supple*

mentary),

1967-68.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 3

Defence (Central) (Supplementary), 1967-68

Supplementary Sum granted, and sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charge of Defence (Central) for the year ended 31st March 1968, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grant tions in Aid

£ £

For the salaries and expenses of the Central Defence Staffs, the Defence Secretariat and the Central Defence Scientific Staff and of certain Joint Service Establishments; purchases of defence equipment for sale abroad; expenses in connection with sales of defence equipment and International Defence Organisations, including inter* national subscriptions; and sundry other services including certain grants in aid 4,462,000 i •-9,460,000

* Deficit.

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

963

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4 Defence

(Navy)

(Supple*

mentary).

Defence (Navy) (Supplementary), 1967-68 1967-68.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Navy Services for the year ended 31st March 1968, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

1. Pay, See. of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines

1,750,000 *-

3. Navy Department Headquarters

400,000 —

4. Research and Development and Other Scientific Services

- Cr. 650,000 150,000

5. Medical Services, Education and Civilians on Fleet Services

850,000 —

6. Naval Stores, Armament, Victualling and Other Material Supply Services -

16,950,000 1,000,000

7. H.M. Ships, Aircraft and Weapons, New Construction and Repairs -

8,250,000 *-

8. Miscellaneous Effective Services

650,000 —

9. Non-Effective Services

Cr. 300,000 —

Total, Defence (Navy) Supplementary 1967-68 -£

27,900,000 950,000

Deficit.

2 H 2

964

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Defence SCHEDULE (B).—PART 5

(Army)

(Supple*

T967^8.’ Defence (Army) (Supplementary), 1967-68

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Army Services for the year ended 31st March 1968, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. Pay, &c., of the Army - - £ 4,700,000 £ 250,000

2. Reserve and Cadet Forces - 0.2,410,000 *-1,470,000

3. Army Department Headquarters - 320,000 15,000

4. Civilians at Outstations - - 8,200,000 70,000

5. Movements .... - Cr.900,000 60,000

6. Supplies 1,140,000 30,000

7. Stores and Equipment - 1,500,000 700,000

8. Miscellaneous Effective Services - 250,000 445,000

9. Non-Effective Services - - 1,100,000 —

10. Defence Lands and Buildings - - 16,000,000 *-5,810,000

Total, Defence (Army) Supplementary, 1967-68 -£ 29,900,000 *-5,710,000

* Deficit.

Dig

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

965

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6

Defence (Royal Ordnance Factories) (Supplementary), 1967-68

Supplementary Sum granted, and sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charge for the Royal Ordnance Factories for the year ended 31st March 1968, viz.:—

Defence

(Royal

Ordnance

Factories)

(Supple-

mentary),

1967-68.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

For operating the Royal Ordnance Factories - 1,000 1,500,000

2 H 3

966

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Ova SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7

Departments

mentary),

1967-68. Civil Departments (Supplementary), 1967-68

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended 31st March 1968, viz.:—

Class I

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the House

of Lords

2. For the salaries and expenses of the House

of Commons, including a loan and certain grants in aid -

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments and of the First Secretary of State, the Lord Privy Seal, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and two Ministers without Portfolio

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Her Majesty’s First Secretary of State and Secretary of State for Economic Affairs, of the National Economic Development Council and of the National Board for Prices and Incomes, and for certain grants in aid -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council -

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department, including a subscription to an international organisation

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Comptroller and Auditor General

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil

Service Commission -

12. For the salaries and expenses of Royal

Commissions, committees, special enquiries, &c., and for a grant in aid

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

17,000 1,000

163,000 —

166,000 25,000

35,000 —

3,000 —

507,000 50,000

4,014,000 242,000

27,000 4,000

81,000 20,000

26,000 —

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

967

SCHEDULE (B).—Part

Sums not exceeding

Civil

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1967-68.

Class II

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the offices

of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Commonwealth Affairs; Her Majesty’s Diplomatic Service; and sundry other services connected therewith -

2. For expenditure by the Foreign Office on

sundry grants and services, including subscriptions. See., to certain international organisations and certain grants

in aid

4. For expenditure by the Commonwealth Office on sundry grants and services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and certain grants in aid (Revised sum) -

6. For expenditure by the Ministry of Over-

seas Development on grants and services connected with multilateral overseas aid, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and certain grants in aid

7. For expenditure by the Ministry of

Overseas Development on grants and services connected with bilateral overseas aid, including certain grants in aid

8. For expenditure by the Ministry of

Overseas Development on sundry services connected with overseas aid, including certain grants in aid 10. For a grant in aid of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission and certain other expenses *

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

2,986,000 79,000

2,998,000 48,000

9,107,000 619,000

1,000 —

11,069,000 *-38,500

699,000 *-74,000

24,000

* Deficit.

2 H 4

968

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1967-68.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

Class III

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office

of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department; expenses and grants in connection with certain law, fire and sundry other services; and certain grants in aid

2. For the salaries and expenses of the office

of the Secretary of State for Scotland and of the Scottish Home and Health Department; for a grant to the Legal Aid (Scotland) Fund; for expenses in connection with fire, probation and sundry other services; and for grants in aid

4. For grants and expenses in connection with

civil defence in Scotland and certain remanet expenditure -

5. For grants in respect of expenditure in-

curred by police authorities in England and Wales, expenses in connection with the police services and a subscription to an international organisation (Revised sum)

6. For grants in respect of expenditure in-

curred by police authorities in Scotland, and expenses in connection with the

police services

8. For the salaries and expenses of prisons, borstal institutions, detention and remand centres in Scotland -

11. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature, Law Commission and Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, the Lands Tribunal, the Restrictive Practices Court and Council on Tribunals, and certain other expenses -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the County

Courts - -

13. For a grant to the Legal Aid Fund -

660,000

91,000

350.000

10,483,000

867.000

329.000

1,000

1,000

94,000

36,000

*-41,000

116,010

*-255,000

21,000

31,000

171,000

* Deficit.

Appropriation Act 1968 /

Ch. 43

969

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 1—continued

Vote Class III—continued

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Law

Officers’ Department, the Department of Her Majesty’s Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury and the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; for the costs of prosecutions and other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord

Advocate’s Department, of the Courts of Law and Justice, of the Scottish Law Commission, and of the Courts, Tribunals, &c.; and for sundry services -

Class IV

1. For salaries and expenses of the Ministry

of Transport, and certain Tribunals and Committees

2. For the expenditure of the Ministry of

Transport in grant to the British Railways Board, the London Transport Board and the British Waterways Board in respect of deficits on their revenue accounts (Revised sum) - - -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

137,000

1,000

1,000,000

30,000,000

31,000

58,000

*-655,000

3. For services connected with inland trans-

port, including repayments &c., of selective employment tax to the nationalised transport undertakings; grants to road passenger transport operators; ports, a Channel Tunnel, Governmental shipping services, and sundry other services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations

4. For expenditure, including grants and

loans to highway authorities on the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads, &c., in England and sundry services connected therewith; for expenditure on the collection of motor vehicle duties. See., and the registration of motor vehicles in Great Britain; for road research; and for sundry other

services

* Deficit.

1,158,000

9,000

3,000,000 | 1,250,000

2 H*

Civil

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1967-68.

970

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1967-68.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7—continued

Sums not exceeding

Class IV—continued

Vote

5. For expenditure, including grants and loans

to highway, &c., authorities, on the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads, &c., in Scotland and sundry services connected therewith; and for sundry other services

6. For expenditure, including grants to high-

way, &c., authorities on the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads, &c., in Wales and sundry services connected therewith; and for sundry other services

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour including those relating to the Employment Exchange service and the inspection of factories; for expenses, grants and loans in connection with employment, training, rehabilitation, &c.; for expenses of the Industrial Court; for a subscription to the International Labour Organisation, a grant in aid and sundry other services

9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments and agencies

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

5,697,000

10,000

4,482,000

1,000

1,000

1,077,000

11. For the expenditure of the Board of Trade on the promotion of trade, exports and industrial efficiency, on services connected with shipping and on trading and other services, including loans, subscriptions to certain international organisations and grants in aid - - 9,662,000

13. For the expenditure of the Board of Trade on grants for assisting investment in new business assets (Revised sum) - - 89,000,000

10,100

15. For payments under Special Guarantees given or arising from other arrangements made by the Board of Trade in the national interest

1,000

542,000

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 1—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Class IV—continued Vote 16. For expenditure by the Department of Economic Affairs on Exchequer investment in the Industrial Reorganisation £ £

Corporation 17. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Power; for expenditure on oil storage and distribution; for assistance to the coal industry; for certain repayments, &c., of selective employment tax; for expenses in connection with the nationalisation of the Iron and Steel Industry; and for sundry other 5,000,000

services 18. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Technology, including the administration of research, development 5,186,000 162,000

and inspection - 19. For the expenditure of the Ministry of Technology on technological and industrial services, including a loan and certain subscriptions to international 3,000,000 70,000

organisations and grants in aid - 20. For expenditure by the Ministry of Technology on supply services (including research, development and inspection), and in connection with the development and production of civil aircraft and associated safety equipment, on a contribution to an international organisation, loans, a grant in aid and sundry 1,000

other services 21. For expenditure by the Ministry of Technology on the supply of aircraft and other equipment for the Government 5,000,000 1,445,000

service and on miscellaneous supply 24. For payments towards meeting the expenses of the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority, for subscriptions, &c., to international projects and organisations, for the administration of a national stockpile of uranium ore, for a grant in aid, and for repayment &c., of selective employment tax to the 15,000,000

Atomic Energy Authority Trading Fund 2,150,000 2,235,000 2 H 2*

972

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil

Departments

(Supple*

mentary),

1967-68.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part

Sums not exceeding

Class IV—continued

Vote

26. For repayments of selective employment tax to the Postmaster General and to Cable and Wireless Ltd. ...

Supply

Appropria-

Grants dons in Aid £ £

100,000

Class V

I. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry

of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food; of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew; of the White Fish Authority and Scottish Committee; of the Plant Variety Rights Office; and of the Meat and Livestock Commission - - - -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland; for expenditure in connection with sundry agricultural, food, transport and harbour services, the development of the Highlands and Islands and rural development elsewhere, including grants and grants in aid; and for refunds of selective employment tax to agricultural, horticultural and forestry employers

4. For expenditure by the Department of Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland on grants and subsidies for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture -

7. For expenditure by the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in connection with sundry agricultural and food services, and rural development, including grants, loans, grants in aid, certain subscriptions to international organisations and for refunds of selective employment tax to agricultural, horticultural and forestry employers (Revised sum)

II. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund -

• Deficit.

1,085,000

200,000

2,465,000

32,063,000

660,000

*-70,000

210,000

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

973

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Class VI Vote 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Housing and Local Government and certain tribunals, commissions &c.; grants and expenses in connection with environmental services and civil defence; tax and rating payments including selective employment refunds; sundry other services; a subscription to an international organisation and £ £

grants in aid - - 2. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish Development Department and certain tribunals, &c.; for grants and payments in connection with environmental services, selective employment refunds and rate rebates, storm damage relief, assistance to the coal industry, and sundry other services, including 1,000

grants in aid- 3. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Secretary of State for Wales and certain tribunals, &c.; grants and expenses in connection with environmental services and civil defence; tax and rating payments including selective employment refunds; and sundry other 574,000

services and grants in aid - 5. For grants and other payments relating to the provision, improvement and repair of permanent and temporary housing 339,000

accommodation in Scotland - 7. For rate support grants, general grants and rate deficiency grants to local authorities 343,000 20,000

in England and Wales - 8. For rate support grants, general grants, equalisation and transitional grants to local authorities in Scotland - 10. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health; for the expenses of certain committees, &c.; and for sundry 22,977,000 2,285,000

services •Deficit. 446,000 •—50,000

Civil

Departments

(Supple*

mentary),

1967-68.

2 H 3*

974

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Ova

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1967-68.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Giants Appropriations in Aid

Class VI—continued Vote 11. For the provision of hospital services, &c., under the National Health Service, &c., in England and Wales; and other ser- £ £

vices (Revised sum) -12. For the provision of Executive Councils* Services, See., under the National Health 22,740,000 *-2261,000

Service in England and Wales 13. For the provision in England and Wales of certain miscellaneous services under the National Health Service, c., and of certain welfare services; and for a subscription to the World Health Organi- 4,315,000 *-576,000

sation and certain grants in aid -15. For the provision of services under the National Health Service in Scotland and other health and welfare services in- 993,000 *-675,000

cluding a grant in aid -16. For expenditure by the Scottish Home and Health Department on pensions, allowances and gratuities, See., payable under Section 6(8) of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947, or under Regulations made under Section 66 of that Act; and certain payments to the 4,253,000 *-290,000

National Insurance Fund -17. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Social Security including appellate, advisory and sundry other services, for certain selective employment refunds and a subscription to an inter- 1,000 225,000

national organisation -18. For sums payable by the Exchequer to the National Insurance Fund and the Indus- 1,000 2,568,000

trial Injuries Fund (Revised sum) -19. For payments in respect of family allow- 16,200,000 —

ances 20. For supplementary pensions and allow- 8,500,000 -—

ances 21. For payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or service in the Armed Forces after 2 September 1939, and for sundry other 3,000,000 2,000,000

services • Deficit. 5,950,000

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

975

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 1—continued

Class VII

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Education and Science; for grants and loans in connection with education, &c.; for sundry services; for a subscription to an international organisation and for certain grants in aid

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Scot-

tish Education Department; for grants and a loan in connection with education &c.; for sundry services and for a grant in aid

3. For expenditure by the Department of Her

Majesty’s Secretary of State for Education and Science on superannuation allowances and gratuities, &c., in respect of teachers

4. For expenditure by the Scottish Education

Department on superannuation allowances and gratuities. See., in respect of teachers

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

University Grants Committee, for grants in aid and grants towards the expenses of, and for loans to, universities, colleges, the British Academy, &c.

7. For grants in aid of the Science Research

Council including subscriptions to certain international organisations -

8. For grants in aid of the Natural Environ-

ment Research Council including a subscription to an international organisation

11. For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum (Natural History), including a purchase grant in aid -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1,770,000 *-

565,000 109,000

1,000 608,000 188,000 *-

46.000 1,390,000

104,000

13.000

Civil

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1967-68.

Class VIII

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Victoria and Albert Museum, including purchase grants in aid -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

London Museum, including a purchase grant in aid

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, including a purchase grant in aid

* Deficit.

8,000

2,000

4,000

13,000

*-1,000

2 H 4*

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7—

Class Vm—continued

Vote

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Maritime Museum, including a purchase grant in aid- ...

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Tate Gallery, including purchase grants in aid

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection - - - -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Royal

Scottish Museum, including purchase grants in aid, certain other grants in aid and a grant to the Scottish Council for Museums and Galleries ...

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery of Scotland, the Scottish National Gallery of Modem Art and the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, including purchase grants in

aid

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland, including a purchase grant in

aid

16. For grants to, and grants in aid of, certain institutions and bodies connected with the arts

Class IX

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Public Building and Works

2. For expenditure on public buildings in the

United Kingdom, including a grant in aid, a purchase grant in aid, and sundry other services (Revised sum)

3. For expenditure on public buildings over-

seas

4. For expenditure on works and buildings

for the Ministry of Defence (Navy Department)

5. For expenditure on works and buildings

for the Ministry of Defence (Army Department)

6. For expenditure on works and buildings

for the Ministry of Defence (Air Force

Department)

8. For expenditure on works and buildings for Royal Ordnance Factories

Sums not exceeding

Supply Giants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

4,000 -

3,000 2,000

3,000 —

2,000 •-2,000

12,000 —

3,000 —

1,000 —

3,500,000 850,000

7,150,000 •-550,000

100,000 —

3,500,000 220,000

8,000,000 303,000

1,750,000 •-700,000

100,000 —

* Deficit.

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

977

SCHEDULE (B).—Part

Sums not exceeding

Class IX—continued

Vote

10. For expenditure on Houses of Parliament buildings

13. For grants and expenses in connection with ancient monuments -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Central Office of Information

19. For civil superannuation and other pensions and non-recurrent payments; and for certain other expenditure in connection therewith

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

25,000

43,000

280,000

1,450,000

23,000

300.000

150.000

Class X

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Charity Commission for England and Wales

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Crown Estate Office - - - -

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Public Trustee -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Record Office - - -

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Office

of the Registrar General - - -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland

Class XI

1. For grants to, and grants in aid of, the

British Broadcasting Corporation and for payments to the Postmaster General

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Carlisle State Management District

* Deficit.

7,000

15,000

1,000

1,000

10,000

39,000

2,000

9,000

•-4,000

•-52,000

4,000

6,500,000

1,000

44,000

Civil

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1967-68.

978

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1967-68.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 1—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Class XI—continued

Vote

4. For pensions, &c., in respect of service in the former Indian and Burma Services and under the former Government of Palestine, and in respect of certain other service overseas; for supplements to certain colonial and other overseas pensions; for certain payments to the Governments of India and Pakistan in connection with pensions; and for sundry services and expenses

31,000

7.

For a grant in aid of the Development Fund

Total, Civil Departments (Supplementary) 1967-68 - - -£

188,000

390,590,000

9,506,610

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

979

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6

Defence

(Central),

1968-69.

DEFENCE (CENTRAL)

Sum granted, and sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charge of Defence (Central) which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

For the salaries and expenses of the Central Defence Staffs, the Defence Secretariat and the Central Defence Scientific Staff and of certain Joint Service Establishments; purchases of defence equipment for sale abroad; expenses in connection with sales of defence equipment and International Defence Organisations, including international subscriptions; and sundry other services including certain grants in aid - 24,060,000 53,579,000

980

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Defence (Navy). SCHEDULE (B).—PART 7

DEFENCE (NAVY)

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, including provision for officers, seamen, juniors and Royal Marines, and members of the Women’s Royal Naval Service and Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Service, to a number not exceeding 98,000, in addition to reserve forces, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the pay. See. of the Royal Navy and

Royal Marines

2. For the pay and expenses of the Royal

Naval Reserve, the Royal Fleet Reserve and Cadet Forces, &c.

3. For the salaries, wages and expenses of the

Navy Department Headquarters -

4. For scientific services, including a sub-

scription to the International Hydro-graphic Bureau

5. For medical services, education and

civilians on Fleet services -

6. For Naval Stores, Armament, Victualling

and other Material Supply Services

7. For the new construction, repair, &c., of

H.M. Ships, Aircraft and Weapons

8. For miscellaneous effective services, in-

cluding grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of £5,000) -

9. For non-effective services -

Total, Navy Services - -£

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

99,657.000 3,942,000

1,480,000 2,000

6,713,000 44,000

34,042,000 1,013,000

19,386,000 644,000

245,837,000 19,914,000

209,194,000 7,637,000

12,498,000 5,424,000

27,006,000 97,000

655,813,000 38,717,000

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

981

SCHEDULE (B).—PART 8 Defence (Army),

__ 1968-69.

DEFENCE (ARMY)

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, including provision for Land Forces to a number not exceeding 224,500, all ranks, in addition to the Regular Army Reserves, Territorial and Army Volunteer Reserve and Cadet Forces, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote £ £

1. For the pay, &c., of the Army 186,790,000 11,960,000

2. For the Regular Army Reserves (including other ranks to a number not exceeding 50,000), Territorial and Army Volunteer Reserve (to a number not exceeding 101,000 all ranks) (including within these Reserves the Special Army Volunteer Reserve to a number not exceeding 8,700 all ranks) and Cadet Forces 4,230,000 7,360,000

3. For salaries, wages, &c., of civilian staff of the Army Department Headquarters 5,680,000 20,000

4. For salaries, wages. See., of civilians at outstations 138,470,000 2,450,000

5. For movements 24,230,000 940,000

6. For supplies 22,630,000 4,460,000

7. For stores and equipment (including stores and equipment for research, design and development projects and inspection; and certain capital and ancillary services) 138,000,000 13,000,000

8. For miscellaneous effective services, including grants in aid - 8,400,000 12,840,000

9. For non-effective services, including a grant in aid 49,170,000 210,000

10. For lands and buildings and certain ancillary services 23,150,000 13,820,000

Total, Army Services - -£ 600,750,000 67,060,000

Defence (Royal Ordnance Factories). For operating the Royal Ordnance Factories 3,000,000 42,700,000

Defence (Army) Purchasing (Repayment) Services. For expenditure incurred by the Army Department on the supply of munitions, common-user and other articles for the Government service and on miscellaneous supply 3,000,000

982

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Defence (Air), 1968-69.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9

DEFENCE (AIR)

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, including provision for officers, airmen and airwomen for Air Force Service to a number not exceeding 125,000, all ranks, in addition to reserve and auxiliary services and cadet forces, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote

1. For the pay, &c., of the Air Force - - 144,060,000

2. For Reserve and Auxiliary Services and

Cadet Forces (to a number not exceeding 17,720, all ranks, for the Royal Air Force Reserve, and 600, all ranks, for the Royal Auxiliary Air Force) - 900,000

3. For salaries, wages, &c., of civilian staff of the Air Force Department Headquarters

4,070,000

9,239,000

334,000

7,000

4. For salaries, wages. See., of civilians at out-stations and the Meteorological Office -

52,430,000

3,930,000

5. For movements

6. For supplies -

7. For aircraft and stores -

12,800,000

34,270,000

270,900,000

3.100.000

5.400.000 17,200,000

8. For miscellaneous effective services, including certain grants in aid and a subscription to the World Meteorological Organisation -

3,440,000

9,620,000

9. For non-effective services

Total, Am Services

34,450,000

-£ 557,320,000

220,000

49,050,000

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

983

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10

Civil, Class I, 1968-69.

CIVIL.—Class I

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the House

of Lords

2. For the salaries and expenses of the House

of Commons, including certain grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of £4,000)

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Depart-

ment of Her Majesty’s Treasury and subordinate departments and of the First Secretary of State, the Lord Privy Seal, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Minister without Portfolio

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Depart-

ment of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Economic Affairs and of the National Economic Development Council, and for certain grants in aid (Revised sum)

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Depart-

ment of Her Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council (including a supplementary sum of £35,000) -

450,000

3,244,000

6,148,000

2,106,000

116,000

6. For the salaries of Post Office Ministers -

12,250

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Cus-

toms and Excise Department, including a subscription to an international organisation 32,516,000

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland

Revenue Department - 87,446,000

8,000

7,000

306,000

500

3,000

1.852.000

3.895.000

984

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil, Class I, 1968-69.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10—continued

Vote

9. For transitional relief under the Finance Act 1965 for companies with an overseas source of trading income ...

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Depart-

ment of the Comptroller and Auditor General

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil

Service Commission - - - -

12. For the salaries and expenses of Royal

Commissions, committees, special enquiries, &c., and for a grant in aid

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Office

of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration - - - - -

Total, Civil, Class I - - -£

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

45,000,000 —

977,000 212,000

1,358,000 475,000

632,000 —

139,000 —

180,144,250 6,758,500

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

985

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11 Civil,

Class n,

1968-69.

CIVIL.—Class II

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the offices

of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Commonwealth Affairs; Her Majesty’s Diplomatic Service; and sundry other services connected therewith -

2. For expenditure by the Foreign Office on

sundry grants and services, including subscriptions, &c., to certain international organisations and certain grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £826,000)

3. For a grant in aid of the British Council -

4. For expenditure by the Commonwealth

Office on sundry grants and services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and certain grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £2,769,000) -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Overseas Development, including refund of selective employment tax to the Commonwealth Development Corporation -

6. For expenditure by the Ministry of Over-

seas Development on grants and services connected with multilateral overseas aid, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and certain grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £2,799,000) - - - -

7. For expenditure by the Ministry of Over-

seas Development on grants and services connected with bilateral overseas aid, including certain grants in aid (including a Supplementary sura of £1,513,000) -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

46,897,000

19,875,000

5,013,000

4,720,000

404,000

16,886,000 338,000

2,994,000 51,000

18,263,000

110,475,000

355,000

986

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Ovfl, Class II, 1968-69.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11—continued

Sums not exceeding

Vote

8. For expenditure by the Ministry of Over-

seas Development on sundry services connected with overseas aid, including certain grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £10,000) ...

9. For schemes and loans made under the

Colonial Development and Welfare Acts 1959 to 1965 and for loans made to the Commonwealth Development Corporation under the Overseas Resources Development Acts 1959 and 1963 10. For a grant in aid of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission and certain other expenses

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

Total, Civil, Class II

29,574,000 1,633,000

20,000,000

1,700,000 -£ 271,677,000 7,501,000

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

987

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12 Civil,

Class m,

1968-69.

CIVIL.—Class HI

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office

of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department; expenses and grants in connection with certain law, fire and sundry other services; and certain grants in aid -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the office

of the Secretary of State for Scotland and of the Scottish Home and Health Department; for a grant to the Legal Aid (Scotland) Fund; for expenses in connection with fire, probation and sundry other services; and for grants in aid

3. For grants and expenses in connection with

civil defence and certain remanet expenditure; and for a grant in aid

4. For grants and expenses in connection with

civil defence in Scotland and certain remanet expenditure -

5. For grants in respect of expenditure in-

curred by police authorities in England and Wales, expenses in connection with the police services and a subscription to an international organisation

6. For grants in respect of expenditure in-

curred by police authorities in Scotland, and expenses in connection with the police services

7. For the salaries and expenses of prison

service establishments in England and Wales

8. For the salaries and expenses of prison

service establishments in Scotland

9. For grants and expenses in England and

Wales in respect of approved schools, remand homes and voluntary homes, and for training in and research on child care

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

25,889,000 5,434,000

4,453,000 240,000

8,457,000 192,000

859,000 31,010

120,098,000 2,646,000

11,376,000 242,000

36,935,000 4,106,000

4,137,000 380,000

6,916,000 160,000

988

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Ova, SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued

Class in,

1968-69.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 10. For grants and expenses in Scotland in respect of approved schools, remand homes and voluntary homes and for £ £

training in and research on child care -11. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature, Law Commission and Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, the Lands Tribunal, the Restrictive Practices Court and Council on Tribunals, and certain 1,319,000 15,000

other expenses 12. For the salaries and expenses of the County 208,000 3,819,000

Courts 1,000 7,148,000

13. For a grant to the Legal Aid Fund - 14. For the salaries and expenses of the Law Officers’ Department, the Department of Her Majesty’s Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury and the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; for the costs of prosecutions and other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary 8,821,000

Agency 15. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s Department, of the Courts of Law and Justice, of the Scottish Law Commission, and of the Courts, Tri- 1,197,000 502,000

bunals, &c.; and for sundry services 16. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeals in Northern 642,000 905,000

Ireland and certain other expenses 116,000 53,000

Total, Civil, Class III - -£ 231,424,000 25,873,010

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

989

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13 Civil,

Class IV,

1968-69.

CIVIL.—Class IV

Schedulb of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport, and certain Tri- £ £

bunals and Committees -2. For the expenditure of the Ministry of Transport in grant to the British Railways Board, the London Transport Board and the British Waterways Board in respect of deficits on their revenue 4,280,000 9,194,000

accounts 3. For services connected with inland transport, including repayments See., of selective employment tax to the nationalised transport undertakings; for expenditure on grants for the assistance of public passenger transport; ports, a Channel Tunnel, Governmental shipping services, and sundry other services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations (including a Supplementary sum of 149,700,000

£14,200,000) 4. For expenditure, including grants and loans to highway authorities on the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads. See., in England and sundry services connected therewith; for expenditure on the collection of motor vehicle duties, &c., and the registration of motor vehicles in Great Britain; for road research; and for sundry other 72,770,000 355,000

services 5. For expenditure, including grants and loans to highway, &c., authorities, on the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads. See., in Scotland and sundry services connected therewith; for expenditure on grants for the assistance of public passenger transport; and 251,100,000 12,200,000

for sundry other transport services 34,838,000 219,000

990

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil, Class IV, 1968-69.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part \y~continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 6. For expenditure, including grants to highway, &c., authorities on the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads, &c., in Wales and sundry services connected therewith; for expenditure on grants for the assistance of public passenger transport; and for sundry other £ £

transport services .... 7. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s First Secretary of State and Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity including those relating to the Employment Exchange service and the inspection of factories; for expenses, grants and loans in connection with employment, training, rehabilitation, &c.; for expenses of the National Board for Prices and Incomes and the Industrial Court; for a subscription to the International Labour Organisation, a grant in aid and sundry other services (Re- 13,891,000 16,000

vised sum) 8. For payments by the Department of Employment and Productivity to certain employers who have paid selective employment tax (including a Supple- 55,012,000 12,171,000

mentary sum of £78,000,000) 9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments and 693,000,000 1,000

agencies 10. For the construction, maintenance and operation of civil aerodromes, for civil air navigational services, for loans and services connected with shipping, for contributions &c., to certain international organisations, certain repayments, Ac., of selective employment tax; 12,134,000 7,185,000

and for sundry other services 11. For the expenditure of the Board of Trade on the promotion of trade, exports and industrial efficiency, and on trading and other services, including loans, subscriptions to certain international organisations and grants in aid (including a 36,416,000 11,291,000

Supplementary sum of £250,000) - 12,800,000 139,000

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

991

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued

Sums not exceeding

Civil, Class IV, 1968-69.

Vote

12. For the promotion of local employment

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

49,000,000

350,000

13. For the expenditure of the Board of Trade on grants for assisting investment in new business assets

380,000,000

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, including a subscription to an international organisation, and for payments under guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council

1,269,000

17,895,000

15. For payments under Special Guarantees given or arising from other arrangements made by the Board of Trade in the national interest and for advances to the Acquisition of Guaranteed Securities Fund

12,898,000

6,395,000

16. For expenditure by the Department of

Economic Affairs on Exchequer investment in the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation 25,000,000

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Power; for expenditure on oil storage and distribution; for assistance to the coal industry; for certain repayments, &c., of selective employment tax; for expenses in connection with the nationalisation of the Iron and Steel Industry; and for sundry other services (including a Supplementary sum of £17,187,000) 85,620,000

2,818,000

18. For the salaries and expenses of the

Minishy of Technology, including the administration of research, development and inspection 56,305,000

19. For the expenditure of the Ministry of

Technology on technological and industrial services, including certain subscriptions to international organisations and grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £4,350,000) - 34,625,000

152,000

1,708,000

992

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil, SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued

Class IV,

1968-69.

Vote

20. For expenditure by the Ministry of Technology on supply services (including research, development and inspection), and in connection with the development and production of civil aircraft and associated safety equipment, on a contribution to an international organisation, a loan, a grant in aid, the purchase of the undertaking of a company and sundry other items -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

252,170,000

36,190,000

21. For expenditure by the Ministry of

Technology on the supply of aircraft and other equipment for the Government service and on miscellaneous supply -

22. For certain expenditure by the Ministry of

Technology on the purchase of U.. aircraft and for research and development connected therewith -

23. For payments to the United Kingdom

Atomic Energy Authority for outstanding liabilities in respect of the capital cost of plant being maintained as reserve capacity, and certain terminal expenses, and for payments to the Authority and to others for special materials and services

22,750,000

1,000

170,999,000

30,800,000

25.

26.

For payments towards meeting the expenses of the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority, for subscriptions, &c., to international projects and organisations, for the administration of a national stockpile of uranium ore, for a grant in aid, and for repayment, &c., of selective employment tax to the Atomic Energy Authority Trading Fund

29,508,000

55,362,000

For loans to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority Trading Fund -

For repayments of selective employment tax to the Postmaster General and to Cable and Wireless Ltd. (including a Supplementary sum of £7,435,000)

Total, Civil, Class IV

1,000

31,100,000

-£2,346,988,000

344,640,000

— [ fzed by

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

993

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14 Ova,

Class V,

1968-69,

CIVIL.—Class V

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food; of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew; of the White Fish Authority and Scottish Committee; of the Plant Variety Rights Office; and of the Meat and Livestock Commission

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Depart-

ment of Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland; for expenditure in connection with sundry agricultural, food and harbour services, the development of the Highlands and Islands and rural development elsewhere, including grants, loans and grants in aid; and for refunds of selective employment tax to agricultural, horticultural and forestry employers -

3. For expenditure by the Ministry of Agricult-

ure, Fisheries and Food on grants and subsidies for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture and for sundry other services

4. For expenditure by the Department of

Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland on grants and subsidies for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture

5. For expenditure by the Ministry of

Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in implementation of agricultural price guarantees and for sundry other services

6. For expenditure by the Department of

Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland in implementation of agricultural price guarantees

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

31,534,000 1,088,000

16,776,000 1,448,000

100,960,000 40,000

27,100,000 —

131,450,000 50,000

15,020,000

2 I

994

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil, Class V, 1968-69.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—

Vote

7. For expenditure by the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in connection with sundry agricultural and food services, and rural development, including grants, loans, grants in aid, certain subscriptions to international organisations and for refunds of selective employment tax to agricultural, horticultural and forestry employers (including a Supplementary sum of £3,450,000)

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

47,635,000

4,238,000

8. For expenditure by the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves

1,000

5,999,000

9. For grants, loans and expenses in connec-

tion with assistance to fishermen; grants and loans to the White Fish Authority; expenditure on research and development relating to fisheries and fish marketing and on the construction, improvement and maintenance of harbours and fishing facilities; subscriptions to certain international organisations and a grant in aid of the White Fish Marketing Fund - - 6,479,000

10. In connection with Scottish fisheries and

the United Kingdom herring industry for grants, loans and expenses in connection with assistance to fishermen, fishery protection, research and development relating to fisheries and fish marketing and the construction, improvement and maintenance of harbours and fishing facilities; and a grant in aid of the Herring Marketing Fund - 2,720,000

4,000

11,000

11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund Total, Civil, Class V -

15,408,000

395,083,000

12,878,000

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

995

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15

CIVIL.—Class VI

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Ctvfl,

Class VI

1968-69.

9

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Housing and Local Government and certain tribunals, commissions &c.; grants and expenses in connection with environmental services and civil defence; tax and rating payments including selective employment refunds; sundry other services; a subscription to an international organisation and grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £23,223,000)

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Development Department and certain tribunals, &c.; for grants and payments in connection with environmental services, selective employment refunds and rate rebates, assistance to the coal industry, storm damage relief and sundry other services, including grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £2,801,000) -

3. For the salaries and expenses of the office

of the Secretary of State for Wales and certain tribunals, &c.; grants and expenses in connection with environmental services and civil defence; expenses in connection with the investiture of the Prince of Wales; tax and rating payments including selective employment refunds; and sundry other services and grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £1,430,000) -

4. For grants and other payments relating to

the provision, improvement, repair and purchase of housing accommodation in England (including a Supplementary sum of £13,000) -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

148,442,000 1,920,000

22,639,000 27,930

10,303,000 32,000

123,519,000 1,150,000

2 I 2

996

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil. Class VI, 1968-69.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 5. For grants and other payments relating to the provision, improvement, repair and purchase of housing accommodation in £ £

Scotland 6. For grants and other payments relating to the provision, improvement, repair and purchase of housing accommodation in 30,215,000 242,000

Wales 7. For rate support grants and rate deficiency grants to local authorities in England 7,232,000 91,000

and Wales 8. For rate support grants, general grants and equalisation grants to local authori- 1,409,224,000

ties in Scotland 9. For the salaries and expenses of the Land 163,777,000

Commission 10. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health; for the expenses of certain committees, &c.; and for sundry 1,287,000 814,000

services 11. For the provision of hospital services, &c., under the National Health Service, &c., in England and Wales; and other services (including a Supplementary sum 7,822,000 3,197,000

of £17,400,000) 12. For the provision of Executive Councils* services, &c., under the National Health 767,726,000 122,640,000

Service in England and Wales 13. For the provision in England and Wales of certain miscellaneous services under the National Health Service, &c., and of certain welfare services; and for a subscription to the World Health Organisa- 298,015,000 49,231,000

tion and certain grants in aid 14. For expenditure by the Ministry of Health on pensions, allowances, gratuities, &c., payable under section 6(6) of the National Health Service Act 1946, or under Regulations made under Section 67 of that Act; and certain payments to 51,302,000 2,147,000

the National Insurance Fund 15. For the provision of services under the National Health Service in Scotland and other health and welfare services includ- 1,000 34,959,000

ing a grant in aid - 141,979,000 19,094,000

id b

•ogl

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

997

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued

Vote

16. For expenditure by the Scottish Home and Health Department on pensions, allowances and gratuities, &c., payable under Section 6(8) of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947 or under Regulations made under Section 66 of that Act; and certain payments to the National Insurance Fund -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1,000

4,185,000

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Social Security including appellate, advisory and sundry other services, for certain selective employment refunds and a subscription to an international organisation (including a Supplementary sum of £5,500,000)

47,680,000

61,300,000

18. For sums payable by the Exchequer to the National Insurance Fund and the Industrial Injuries Fund -

361,000,000

19. For payments in respect of family allowances (including a Supplementary sum of £25,000,000)

297,960,000

40,000

20. For supplementary pensions and allowances

394,000,000

10,000,000

21. For payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or service in the Armed Forces after 2 September 1939, and for sundry other services

Total, Civil, Class VI - - £

126,308,000 12,000

4,410,432,000 311,081,930

Civil, Class VI, 1968-69.

2 I 3

998

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil, SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16

Class VII,

1968-69.

CIVIL.—Class VII

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Education and Science; for grants and loans in connection with education, &c.; for sundry services; for a subscription to an international organisa- £ £

tion and for certain grants in aid 2. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish Education Department; for grants in connection with education, &c.; 70,010,000 579,000

for sundry services and for a grant in aid 3. For expenditure by the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Education and Science on superannuation allowances and gratuities, &c., in 32,840,000 45,000

respect of teachers - - - -4. For expenditure by the Scottish Education Department on superannuation allowances and gratuities, &c., in respect of 1,000 70,436,000

teachers 5. For the salaries and expenses of the University Grants Committee, for grants in aid and grants towards the expenses of, and for loans to, universities, colleges, the British Academy, &c., and for other 2,609,000 9,499,000

services 6. For a grant in aid of the Social Science 243,793,000

Research Council -7. For grants in aid of the Science Research Council including subscriptions to 1,728,000

certain international organisations 8. For grants in aid of the Natural Environment Research Council including a sub- 41,916,000

scription to an international organisation 9. For grants in aid of the Medical Research Council including a subscription to an 8,994,000

international organisation - - -10. For a grant in aid of the Agricultural 15,339,000

Research Council - 13,172,000 —

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

999

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16—continued Civil,

Class VII,

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote 11. For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum (Natural History), including a £ £

purchase grant in aid -12. For grants in aid of certain institutions and bodies concerned with science and for 1,011,000 23,000

services connected therewith 1,354,000 —

Total, Civil, Class vn -£ 432,767,000 80,582,000

2 I 4

1000

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil, SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17

Class vm,

1968-69.

CIVIL.—Class Vm

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the British

Museum, including a purchase grant in aid -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Science

Museum

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Victoria

and Albert Museum, including purchase grants in aid

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Imperial War Museum, including a purchase grant in aid -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

London Museum, including a purchase grant in aid

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, including a purchase grant in aid

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Maritime Museum, including a purchase grant in aid

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Portrait Gallery, including purchase grants in aid

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Tate

Gallery, including purchase grants in aid

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Royal

Scottish Museum, including purchase grants in aid, certain other grants in aid and a grant to the Scottish Council for Museums and Galleries -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery of Scotland, the Scottish National Gallery of Modem Art and the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, including purchase grants in aid

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

2,460,000 142,000

613,000 3,000

1,046,000 20,000

203,000 15,000

101,000 2,100

442,000 4,000

232,000 2,000

94,000 11,000

322,000 9,000

80,000 7,500

236,000 400

155,000 4,500

y

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

1001

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

& hm^linorii !:: jinr* ni$ii>d £601/^ Grants tions in Aid

r'i *c £ £

Vote

13. For the salaries and expenses of the National Library of Scotland, including a purchase grant in aid 207,000 5,500

14. For the salaries and expenses of the National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland, including a purchase grant in aid 57,000 200

15. For grants in aid of the National Library of Wales and the National Museum of

Wales and a grant to the Council of

Museums in Wales - 599,000 —

16. For grants to, and grants in aid of, certain

institutions and bodies connected with the arts 8,394,000 —

Total, Civil, Class VIII - -£ 15,241,000 226,200

' OO!*&; , • • , 'li. I II' i • mr

/ . VW fTO STUtltimq.’ kH I

Q'vil, Class VIII, 1968-69.

1002

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act

I

Civil, SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18

Class IX,

1968-69.

CIVIL.—Class DC

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. For the salaries and expenses of the £ £

Ministry of Public Building and Works 2. For expenditure on public building and accommodation services, &c., in the United Kingdom, including grants in aid and sundry other services; on Ancient Monuments; and on Building Research and Development (including 43,000,000 11,300,000

a supplementary sum of £1,000) -2A.To defray the cost of a manorial to the memory of the late Sir Winston 86,349,000 13,304,030

Churchill 3. For expenditure on public building and 11,000 —

accommodation services, Ac., overseas 4. For expenditure on works and buildings for the Ministry of Defence (Navy 9,390,000 685,000

Department) 5. For expenditure on works and buildings for the Ministry of Defence (Army 37,450,000 170,000

Department) 6. For expenditure on works and buildings for the Ministry of Defence (Air Force 76,260,000 1,110,000

Department) 7. For expenditure on certain works and buildings for the Ministry of Technology 52,700,000 10,005,000

and for civil aviation services 8. For the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department, and for rates and contributions in lieu , of rates for property occupied by the Crown and premises occupied by representatives of Commonwealth and foreign 6,900,000

countries and international organisations 9. For the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; for stationery, printing, books, office equipment, &c.; for official 36,542,000 1,930,000

publications; and for sundry services - 36,739,000 18,156,010

id by

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

1003

SCHEDULE (B).—Part IS—continued

Vote

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Central

Office of Information -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Depart-

ment of the Government Actuary

12. For a grant in aid of the Government

Hospitality Fund -

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

Government Social Survey Department

14. For civil superannuation and other pen-

sions and non-recurrent payments; and for certain other expenditure in connection therewith -

15. For non-effective annual allowances, gra-

tuities and certain expenses in connection with superannuation in respect of Post Office employment -

Total, Civil, Class IX -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

10,700,000 3,015,000

70,000 47,000

200,000 —

880,000 —

65,473,000 3,780,000

1,000 39,849,000

462,665,000 103,351,040

Civil, Class IX, 1968-69.

1004

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

avil, SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19

Class X,

1968-69.

CIVIL.—Class X

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity

Commission for England and Wales -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Crown

Estate Office

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Regis-

try of Friendly Societies -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Royal

Mint in the production of coins, medals, badges, dies, seals, &c.; for the withdrawal of coin, and in preparation for the introduction of a decimal coinage -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office and Pensions Commutation Board -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the estab-

lishment under the Public Works Loan Commission and the expenses of the Commission

7. For the salaries and expenses of the office

of the Public Trustee -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Land

Registry

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Office

of the Registrar of Restrictive Trading Agreements

10. For the survey of Great Britain and other

mapping services -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Public

Record Office

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Record Office -

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Office

of the Registrar General -

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

445,000 200

231,000 —

168,000 13,000

6,476,000 20,900,000

1,000 104,000

1,000 69,000

1,000 807,000

1,000 4,685,000

167,000 100

5,209,000 2,312,000

264,000 73,000

110,000 26,000

1,136,000 684,000

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19—continued

\ bdlMR aJ *ra ditdiinmboa .La Sums not exceeding

dw -jyn vt* ’ ie« f - J Supply Appropria-

civile jguibrrj ndv ^dJ £ctfv)fr ttiD&ythQ Grants tions in Aid

Vote 14. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland £ 206,000 £ i 73,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registers of Scotland 1,000 348,000

16. For the salaries and expenses, including publicity, of the National Savings Committee 1,777,000 —

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Decimal Currency Board - 75,000 —

Total, Civil, Class X - - -£ 16,269,000 30,094,300

2 I 3*

Civil, Class X, 1968-69.

1006

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

Civil, Class XI, 1968-69.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 20

CIVIL.—Class XI

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1969, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For grants to, and grants in aid of, the

British Broadcasting Corporation and for payments to the Postmaster General

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Carlisle

State Management District -

3. For the salaries and expenses of the State

Management Districts in Scotland

4. For pensions, &c., in respect of service in

the former Indian and Burma Services and under the former Government of Palestine, and in respect of certain other service overseas; for supplements to certain colonial and other overseas pensions; for certain payments to the Governments of India and Pakistan in connection with pensions; and for sundry services and expenses -

5. For pensions, &c., and compensation

allowances awarded to retired and dis-

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

92,641,000 448,000

1,000 3,088,000

1,000 759,000

10,400,000 783,000

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

banded members of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to their widows, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances - For charges in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, and the expenses of management of guaranteed stocks and bonds issued for the purpose of Irish land purchase -

For a grant in aid of the Development Fund For Her Majesty’s foreign and other secret

services

For certain miscellaneous expenses, a subscription to an international organisation and grants in aid- -

To repay to the Civil Contingencies Fund certain miscellaneous advances -

905.000

750.000

1,686,000

10,500,000

1,232,000

51,000

100

65,000

Total, Civil, Class XI

118,167,000

5,143,100

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

1007

SCHEDULE (Q.—Part 1

Def icits Surp luses

Navy Services 1966-67, Votes Excesses of Actual over Estimated Gross Expenditure Deficiencies of Actual as compared with Estimated Receipts Surpluses of Estimated over Actual Gross Expenditure Surpluses of Actual as compared with Estimated Receipts

1. Pay, &c., of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines £ s. £ s. d. £ s. d. 420,480 12 10 £ s. d. 225,583 2 9

2. Royal Naval* Reserves 41,773 7 5 — — 805 17 1

3. Navy Department Headquarters 382,474 19 8 — * 14,402 8 11

4. Research and Development and other Scientific Services ... 664,718 12 6 185,023 4 8

3. Medical Services, Education and Civilians on Fleet Services 86,974 1 5 _ 60,586 10 7

6. Naval Stores, Armament, Victualling and other Material Supply Services 448,776 12 5* 2,416,308 16 11 .

7. H.M. Ships, Aircraft and Weapons, New Construction and Repairs r ,1c 8,130,033 6 1 1,692,210 4 8

8. Miscellaneous Effective Services 880,259 18 5 208,729 7 9 — —

9. Non-Effective Services 46,515 0 1 — — 58,627 17 4

•This deficiency of receipts was wholly offset by a surplus of estimated over actual gross expenditure.

2 I 4*

P

>•■4 *

1008

Ch. 43

Appropriation Act 1968

SCHEDULE (Q.—Part 2 *

Deficits Surpluses

Army Services 1966-67, Votes Excesses of Actual over Estimated Gross Expenditure Deficiencies of Actual as compared with Estimated Receipts Surpluses of Estimated over Actual Gross Expenditure Surpluses of Actual as compared with Estimated Receipts

1. Pay, Ac., of the Army £ s. d. 283,584 4 6 £ d. £ s. d. £ s. d. 29,441 15 2

2. Reserve Forces, Territorial Army and Cadet Forces 34,395 9 9 120,120 12 6 _ •

3. Army Department Headquarters — 6,552 19 3* 11,632 10 2 —

4. Civilians at Out-stations — — 59,918 19 0 184,341 9 11

5. Movements — — 87,734 17 5 80,478 0 8

6. Supplies — 252,618 18 0* 507,137 1 2 —

7. Stores and Equipment 828,552 19 1* 169,197 14 11

8. Miscellaneous Effective Services — 156,226 5 10 119,541 5 5

9. Non-Effective Services 328,029 17 3 — — 25,179 19 6

10. Defence Lands and Buildings — — 1,863,861 1 8 63,269 10 1

* These deficiencies of receipts were wholly or partially offset by surpluses of estimated over actual gross expenditure.

Appropriation Act 1968

Ch. 43

1009

SCHEDULE (C).—Part 3

Air Services 1966-67, Votes Deficits Surpluses

Excesses of Actual over Estimated Gross Expenditure Deficiencies of Actual as compared with Estimated Receipts Surpluses of Estimated over Actual Gross Expenditure Surpluses of Actual as compared with Estimated Receipts

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ i. d.

1. Pay, See., of the Air

Force — — 679,014 1 6 540,074 0 9

2. Reserve and Auxiliary t

Services — — 25,567 15 7 575 8 8

3. Air Force Department

Headquarters 63,823 11 10 2,871 2 8 — —

4. Civilians at Outstations

and the Meteoro-

logical Office 2,545,990 9 1 379,237 8 1 — —

5. Movements 538,111 4 8 — — 76,100 9 7

6. Supplies — — 222,858 4 10 150,409 6 4

7. Aircraft and Stores ... — — 23,659,679 2 11 2,818,993 10 3

8. Miscellaneous Effective

Services — — 298,774 14 8 332,422 12 3

9. Non-Effective Services — 10,546 9 8* 507,802 12 9 —

• This deficiency of receipts was wholly offset by a surplus of estimated over actual gross expenditure.

- I

,y

Finance Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 44

An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to the National Debt and the Public Revenue, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

[26th July 1968]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Customs and Excise

1.—(1) For the following provisions of the Finance Act 1964, as amended by section 1(2) of the Finance Act 1967, setting out rates of customs and excise duties, namely—

(a) Table 1 in Schedule 1 (spirits other than imported perfumed spirits);

(b) Schedule 3 (wine);

(c) Schedule 4 (British wine), there shall be substituted the provisions set out in Schedules 1, 2 and 3 respectively to this Act.

Spirits, wine, British wine and tobacco.

1964 c. 49. 1967 c. 54.

1012

Ch. 44

Finance Act 1968

Part I 1965 c. 25. 1964 c. 49.

1952 c. 44.

1966 c. 18.

(2) In section 1(2) of the Finance Act 1965 (which increased each of the rates of customs and excise duty and of drawback in respect of tobacco set out in Schedule 5 to the Finance Act 1964 by 10s. per pound) for the reference to 10s. there shall be substituted a reference to 14s. 4d.; but this subsection shall not affect the rates of drawback payable in the case of goods in respect of which duty has been paid otherwise than at the rates having effect by virtue of this section.

(3) Section 109(1) of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (which provides that no spirits shall be delivered for home use unless they have been warehoused for a period of at least three years) shall not apply to imported compounded spirits of any kind specified for the purposes of this subsection in regulations made by the Commissioners; and section 5 of the Finance Act 1966 (which contains an exemption from the said section 109(1) confined to imported vodka) shall cease to have effect on the expiration of the period of one month beginning with the day on which this Act is passed.

(4) Subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall have effect as from 20th March 1968.

Hydrocarbon

oils.

1964 c. 92. 1967 c. 54.

1966 c. 46.

2.—(1) As from six o’clock in the evening of 19th March 1968—

(a) section 2 of the Finance (No. 2) Act 1964 (which, as

amended by section 1(3) of the Finance Act 1967, provides for a duty of customs at the rate of three shillings and sevenpence a gallon to be charged on imported hydrocarbon oils and for a duty of excise at the same rate to be charged on hydrocarbon oils produced in the United Kingdom, on petrol substitutes and on spirits used for power methylated spirits) shall have effect with the substitution for the words " three shillings and sevenpence " of the words " three shillings and elevenpence ";

(b) subsection (2) of section 92 of the Finance Act 1965

(which, as amended as aforesaid, provides that the amount of a grant under subsection (1) of that section by the Minister of Transport to the operator of a bus service towards defraying customs or excise duties charged on bus fuel shall not exceed tenpence for every gallon of fuel used or estimated to have been used in operating the bus service during the period to which the grant relates) and section l(l)(b) of the Bus Fuel Grants Act 1966 (which, as amended as aforesaid, amends the said subsection (2)) shall have effect as if for any reference therein to tenpence there were substituted a reference to one shilling and twopence; and

Finance Act 1968

Ch. 44

1013

so much of subsection (9) of the said section 92 as Part I enables the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of the provisions of that section shall apply to those provisions as amended by this paragraph.

(2) Where in the case of any hydrocarbon oils which have been delivered for home use it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners—

(a) that since they were so delivered the oils have been deposited unused in an oil warehouse; and

(b) that they have been so deposited by reason of having become contaminated or by reason of their consisting of different descriptions of hydrocarbon oils which have accidentally become mixed; and

(c) that at the time when they were so deposited they were, or, as the case may be, were a mixture of, oils on which the appropriate duty of customs or excise had been paid and not repaid and on which drawback had not been allowed,

then, subject to any conditions which the Commissioners see fit to impose for the protection of the revenue, the Commissioners may make to the occupier of that warehouse a payment in accordance with the provisions of subsection (3) of this section.

(3) The payment aforesaid shall be a payment of an amount appearing to the Commissioners to be equal to the duty which would have been payable if—

(a) the oils had not become contaminated or mixed; and

(b) they had first been delivered for home use at the time when they were deposited in the warehouse and the duty had first become chargeable on them on that delivery.

(4) In this section the expression 44 oil warehouse " means a place of security approved by the Commissioners under section

80 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 for the deposit, keeping 1952 c. 44. and securing of hydrocarbon oils, and includes a refinery.

3.—(1) As from 1st July 1968, in the case of goods of the Reduction in

Republic of Ireland consigned to the United Kingdom from customs duty

that country— on soods from

, . , , Republic of

(a) the rates at which the duties of customs are charged Ireland and

on matches by section 4 of the Finance Act 1951 and abolition of on mechanical lighters by section 6 of the Finance Act customs duty 1928 shall be the same as the corresponding rates of on hops etc' excise duty under those sections; 1951 c. 43.

1928 c. 17.

1014

Ch. 44

Finance Act 1968

Part I (b) Schedule 3 to the Finance Act 1964 (rates of customs

1964 c. 49. duty on wine) shall—

(i) in its application to wine exceeding 32 degrees of proof spirit, have effect as if the rate specified in the third column in respect of still wine in bottle were the same as the rate so specified in respect of still wine not in bottle;

(ii) in its application to wine not exceeding 32 degrees of proof spirit, have effect as if the provisions of that Schedule were the same as those of Schedule 4 to that Act (rates of excise duties on British wine) with the substitution in the latter of "Customs Duties*' for "Excise Duties*' and the omission of " British * wherever it occurs;

(c) Table 1 in Schedule 5 to the said Act of 1964 (rates of customs duties on tobacco) shall have effect as if any rate specified in the third column (Commonwealth rates) which exceeds the corresponding rate specified in the fourth column (Convention rates) were the same as that corresponding rate.

1957 c. 49. (2) Section 3 of the Finance Act 1957 (which charges a duty

of customs on hops, hop oil and any extract, essence or other similar preparation made from hops) shall cease to have effect as from the said 1st July, but without prejudice to any right of drawback in respect of duty paid under that section before that date.

Duties relating to betting or

gaming.

1966 c. 18.

4.—(1) For the purposes of the general betting duty on bets made on or after 25th March 1968, section 12(2)(h) of the Finance Act 1966 (under which the amount of the duty is an amount equal to two and a half per cent of the amount staked) shall have effect with the substitution for the words " two and a half per cent.'* of the words " five per cent."

(2) For the purposes of the pool betting duty on bets made at any time by reference to any event taking place on or after

1963 c. 3. 25th March 1968, section 1(2) of the Betting Duties Act 1963 (which, as amended, provides that the duty shall be an amount equal to twenty-five per cent, of the amount of the stake money paid) shall have effect with the substitution for the words from "equal" onwards of the words "equal to thirty-three and a third per cent, of the amount of the stake money paid."

(3) The amount of the duty under section 13 of the Finance Act 1966 on a gaming licence in respect of any premises granted so as to expire on a date later than 30th September 1968 shall be determined with the substitution for the Table set out in subsection (2) of that section of the Table set out in Schedule 4 to this Act.

Finance Act 1968

Ch. 44

1015

(4) The provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect Part I for the purposes of the enforcement of the duties relating to betting or gaming.

5. Subject to any new order of the Treasury under section 2 Purchase tax. of the Purchase Tax Act 1963, Part I of Schedule 1 to that Act 1963 c. 9. (chargeable and exempt goods and rates of tax) as amended by

section 1 (4) of the Finance Act 1967 shall have effect— 1967 c. 54.

(a) as from 20th March 1968 with the amendments speci-

fied in Schedule 6 to this Act; and

(b) as from 30th April 1968 with the amendment of Group

26 by the omission from paragraph (a) and the insertion at the beginning of paragraph (b) of the words " Diaries, calendars and similar articles; and "; and

(c) as from 1st July 1968 with the amendment of Group 24

by the addition after paragraph (4) of the exemptions of the following paragraph: —

" (5) The following projectors namely—

(i) cinematograph projectors suitable only for

film of 16 mm. width;

(ii) projectors suitable only for filmstrip;

(iii) cassette loaded loop projectors,

and parts and accessories suitable only for use with a projector of any of those descriptions."

6. —(1) Any person entering the United Kingdom shall, at Customs such place and in such manner as the Commissioners may direct, control of declare any thing contained in his baggage or carried with him pep0.11*

i • i entering

which— or leaving

(a) he has obtained outside the United Kingdom; or

Kingdom.

(b) being dutiable goods or chargeable goods within the

meaning of the Purchase Tax Act 1963, he has obtained in the United Kingdom without payment of duty or purchase tax,

and in respect of which he is not entitled to exemption from payment of duty and purchase tax by virtue of any order under section 7 of this Act.

(2) Any person entering or leaving the United Kingdom shall answer such questions as the proper officer may put to him with respect to his baggage and any thing contained therein or carried with him, and shall, if required by the proper officer, produce that baggage and any such thing for examination at such place as the Commissioners may direct.

1016

Ch. 44

Finance Act 1968

Part I

1952 c. 44.

Power to provide, in relation to persons altering the United

Kingdom, for reliefs from customs duty and purchase tax and for a simplified computation of duty and tax.

(3) Any person failing to declare any thing or to produce any baggage or thing as required by this section shall be liable to a penalty of three times the value of the thing not declared or of the baggage or thing not produced, as the case may be. or £100, whichever is the greater; and any thing chargeable with any duty or tax which is found concealed or is not declared, and any thing which is being taken into or out of the United Kingdom contrary to any prohibition or restriction for the time being in force with respect thereto under or by virtue of any enactment, shall be liable to forfeiture.

(4) Section 66 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (which is superseded by this section) shall cease to have effect; and section 67 of that Act (power to require evidence in support of information) shall have effect as if this section were contained in Part II of that Act.

7.—(1) The Commissioners may by order make provision for conferring on persons entering the United Kingdom reliefs from customs duty and purchase tax; and any such relief may take the form either of an exemption from payment of duty and tax or of a provision whereby the sum payable by way of duty or tax is less than it otherwise would be.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, the Commissioners may by order make provision whereby, in such cases and to such extent as may be specified in die order, a sum calculated at a rate specified in the order is treated as the aggregate amount payable by way of customs duty and purchase tax in respect of goods imported by a person entering the United Kingdom; but any order making such provision as aforesaid shall enable the person concerned to elect that customs duty and purchase tax shall be charged on the goods in question at the rates which would be applicable apart from that provision.

(3) An order under this section—

(a) may make any relief for which it provides subject to

conditions, including conditions which are to be complied with after the importation of the goods to which die relief applies;

(b) may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as the Commissioners think necessary or expedient, including provisions for the forfeiture of goods in the event of non-compliance with any condition subject to which they have been relieved from duty or tax;

(c) may make different provision for different cases.

(4) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and shall include power to vary or revoke a previous order thereunder.

Finance Act 1968

Ch. 44

1017

(5) Any order under this section which removes, reduces or restricts any relief conferred by any previous order under this section shall cease to have effect at the end of the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day on which the order is made (but without prejudice to anything previously done under the order or to the making of a new order) unless before the end of that period the order is approved by a resolution of the House of Commons; and any other order under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the House of Commons.

In reckoning the said period of twenty-eight days no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which the House of Commons is adjourned for more than four days.

(6) In this section "purchase tax" means purchase tax chargeable by virtue of section 11 of the Purchase Tax Act 1963 (tax on imported goods) and references to customs duty and to purchase tax include references to any addition thereto by virtue of section 9 of the Finance Act 1961 (surcharges on revenue duties).

(7) Nothing in any order under this section shall be construed as authorising any person to import any thing in contravention of any prohibition or restriction for the time being in force with respect thereto under or by virtue of any enactment.

8.—(1) For the rates of duty set out in Part II of Schedule 1, of Schedule 3, of Schedule 4 and of Schedule 5 to the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1962 as amended by section 5(1) of the Finance Act 1965 (annual rates of duty for licences other than trade licences) there shall be substituted respectively the rates of duty set out in Parts I, II, III and IV of Schedule 7 to this Act.

(2) In section 12(5) of the said Act of 1962 as amended by section 5(2) of the said Act of 1965 (trade licences)—

(a) in paragraph (a) (general trade licences) for the words

" forty-five pounds " and " nine pounds " there shall be substituted respectively the words " sixty pounds " and " twelve pounds

(b) in paragraph (b)(limited trade licences) for the words

" nine pounds " and " two pounds " there shall be substituted respectively the words "twelve pounds" and " two pounds ten shillings

(3) In relation to any hackney carriage or goods vehicle which is partly used for private purposes, the duty chargeable by virtue of Schedule 2 or Schedule 4 to the said Act of 1962, as

Part I

1963 c. 9.

1961 c. 36.

Vehicles excise duty: increase of rates.

1962 c. 13. 1965 c. 25.

1018

Ch. 44

Finance Act 1968

Part I the case may be, shall (if apart from this subsection it would be less) be equal to the duty which would be chargeable in respect of that hackney carriage or goods vehicle if Schedule 5 to that Act, and not the said Schedule 2 or 4, were applicable thereto.

(4) For the purposes of the said Schedule 4, but without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, a vehicle shall be treated as a farmer’s goods vehicle notwithstanding that it is partly used for private purposes if, apart from that use, it would be a farmer’s goods vehicle within the meaning of that Schedule.

(5) In subsections (3) and (4) of this section *' used for private purposes " means—

(a) as respects a hackney carriage, used otherwise than for

the purpose of carrying passengers for hire or reward or of being let for hire;

(b) as respects a goods vehicle, used otherwise than for

the conveyance of goods or burden for hire or reward or for or in connection with a trade or business (including the performance by a local or public authority of its functions).

(6) This section applies to licences taken out after 19th March 1968.

Vehicles excise duty: trade licences for vehicle testing.

1962 c. 13.

9. For the purpose of enabling certain persons engaged in the testing of vehicles to take out trade licences under section 12 of the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1962, that section (which at present applies only to motor traders) shall be amended as follows: —

(a) in subsections (1) and (2) after the words " motor trader " there shall be inserted the words " or vehicle tester ";

(b) at the end of subsection (10) there shall be added the words "; and * vehicle tester ’ means a person, other than a motor trader, who regularly in the course of his business engages in the testing on roads of mechanically propelled vehicles belonging to other persons."

Continuation of powers under s. 9 of Finance Act 1961.

1961 c. 36. 1967 c. 54.

1966 c. 18.

10.—(1) The period after which orders of the Treasury under section 9 of the Finance Act 1961 may not be made or continue in force (which, by section l(l)(h) of the Finance Act 1967, was extended until the end of August 1968) shall extend until the end of August 1969 or such later date as Parliament may hereafter determine.

(2) In consequence of the abolition by section 12(6) of the Finance Act 1966 of bookmakers’ licence duty, the said section

Finance Act 1968

Ch. 44

1019

9 shall have effect as if for subsection Q)(b) thereof there were Part I substituted the following: —

" (b) every duty of excise other than a duty payable on a licence; and ".

Part II

Income Tax. Corporation Tax and Capital Gains Tax

11. Income tax for the year 1968-69 shall be charged at the Charge of standard rate of 8s. 3d. in the pound, and in the case of an for

individual whose total income exceeds £2,000 at such higher iy rates in respect of the excess as Parliament may hereafter determine.

12. Income tax for the year 1967-68 shall be charged, in the Surtax rates case of an individual whose total income exceeded £2,000, at for 1967-68. the same higher rates in respect of the excess as were charged for the year 1966-67.

13. Corporation tax shall be charged for the financial year Charge of

1967 at the rate of 42} per cent. KS*"

year 1967.

14. —(1) For the year 1968-69 and subsequent years of assess- Alterations in

ment, section 13 of the Finance Act 1957 (relief for persons personal

over 65 with small incomes), as amended by section 16(1) of ®s>

the Finance Act 1967, shall be amended by substituting— 1957 c. 49.

1967 c 54

(a) for the references to £401 and £643 (the income limits for exemption from tax), references to £415 and £665, and

(b) for the reference to £180 (the excess over those limits beyond which relief by reduction of tax is excluded), a reference to £230.

(2) Section 210(1) of the Income Tax Act 1952 (married and 1952 c. 10. single relief) shall for the year 1968-69 and subsequent years of assessment have effect in relation to any claim made by a man who becomes married in the year for which the claim is made, and has not previously in that year been entitled to the higher relief specified in paragraph (a) thereof (married relief), as if the sum specified for that year in that paragraph were reduced, for each month of that year ending before the date of the marriage, by one-twelfth of the amount by which it exceeds the sum specified in paragraph ib) (single relief).

In this subsection " month " means a month beginning with the 6th day of a month of the calendar year.

1020

Ch. 44

Finance Act 1968

Part II

1952 c. 10. 1960 c. 44.

1965 c. 53.

1966 c. 8 (N.I.).

1965 c. 51.

1966 c. 6 (N.I.).

1965 c. 52.

1966 c. 9 (NX).

(3) A man who becomes married during a year of assessment may by notice in writing to the inspector elect that his marriage be disregarded for the purposes of any claim for that year under section 214 or 215 of the Income Tax Act 1952 or section 17 of the Finance Act 1960 (housekeeper etc. relief), and, in that case, the marriage shall also be disregarded for the purposes of any claim for that year under section 210 of the said Act of 1952 (married and single relief).

(4) Where for the year 1968-69 an individual is assessable to income tax in respect of payments on account of an allowance or allowances under the Family Allowances Act 1965 or the Family Allowances Act (Northern Ireland) 1966, the total deductions from tax to which, apart from this section, the individual (or, if the individual is a wife assessable in respect of the payments by virtue of an application for separate assessment under section 355 of the Income Tax Act 1952, she and her husband together) would be entided for the year under sections 210 and 212 to 219 of the said Act of 1952 (certain personal reliefs) shall be reduced, for each allowance if more than one, by an amount equal to tax at the standard rate on £36 or, if the payments in question are payments for a part only of the year, by the following amount or amounts—

(a) so far as the payments consist of or include payments for, or for a period falling within, the first half of the year, by an amount, or a proportionate part of an amount, equal to tax at the standard rate on £15, and

(b) so far as the payments consist of or include payments for, or for a period falling within, the second half of the year, by an amount, or a proportionate part of an amount, equal to tax at the standard rate on £21.

(5) The allowances referred to in subsection (4) above shall be treated as including any allowance payable to an individual in the service of the Crown in lieu of an allowance under either of the enactments there specified.

(6) The said subsection (4) shall not apply in the case of any payments if the individual assessable in respect thereof is entided in the year—

(a) to a widow’s allowance, widowed mother’s allowance,

retirement pension or child’s special allowance under the National Insurance Act 1965 or the National Insurance Act (Northern Ireland) 1966, or

(b) to an allowance under section 21 of the National

Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 or section 21 of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act (Northern Ireland) 1966 (allowances in respect of children of deceased), or

Finance Act 1968

Ch. 44

1021

(c) to an allowance granted by the Minister of Social Part II Security under a Royal Warrant, Order in Council or order administered by him to widows of members of the armed forces.

(7) The said subsection (4) shall not affect the construction of any reference in the Income Tax Acts to the deduction allowable under any particular provision of those referred to in that subsection.

(8) The preceding provisions of this section shall not be deemed to have required any change to be made in the amounts deducted or repaid under section 157 of the Income Tax Act 1952 c. 10. 1952 (pay as you earn) before 27th April 1968.

15.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Aggregation an infant’s income, so far as it is income for a year of assessment or part of a year of assessment during which he or she is un- investment, married and not regularly working, shall in the circumstances etc. income of specified in Schedule 8 to this Act be treated in accordance with unmarried that Schedule as income of his or her parent or parents, and the in^.IJts1not supplemental provisions contained in that Schedule shall also have effect.

(2) Subsection (1) above does not apply to—

(a) earned income, or

(b) income derived from any sum, or from assets representing

any sum, paid by way of, or in satisfaction of a claim for, damages in respect of personal injury to the infant (including any disease, and any impairment of his or her physical or mental condition),

but, subject to those exclusions and to subsection (3) below, the said subsection applies to all such amounts as would fall to be included in computing the infant’s total income apart therefrom, and so applies notwithstanding anything in any other enactment (including, except so far as the contrary is expressly provided, any enactment passed after this Act) requiring any amount not to be treated as income of anyone other than the infant.

(3) Section 397(3) of the Income Tax Act 1952 (settlements on children: income not exceeding £5 not to be treated as income of settlor by virtue of section 397(1) of that Act) shall cease to have effect, but neither the said section 397(1) nor subsection (1) above shall have effect in relation to an infant for any year of assessment for which his aggregate income, so far as it would fall within one or other of those provisions but for this exception, does not exceed £5.

1022

Ch. 44

Finance Act 1968

Past n (4) An infant is to be treated for the purposes of this section as working regularly if, and only if, he or she is engaged in a full-time occupation, not being one entered into during an interval not exceeding fifteen months between two periods of full-time education, and intends to be regularly engaged in it or another such occupation.

In this subsection 44 occupation " means any office, employment, trade, profession or vocation.

(5) Income falling by virtue of this section and the said Schedule 8 to be treated as income of an infant’s parent shall not be taken into account for the purposes of section 212(4) of the 1952 c. 10. Income Tax Act 1952 (reduction in child relief where child entitled in own right to income exceeding £115 per year).

1965 c. 25. (6) Section 21 of the Finance Act 1965 (calculation of capital

gains tax by reference to liability to income tax) shall have effect as if this section, except so far as it affects the operation of section 397(1) of the Income Tax Act 1952, had not been enacted.

(7) Any tax falling to be assessed in respect of income which is to be treated by virtue of this section and the said Schedule 8 as income of an infant’s parent shall, instead of being assessed on the infant, or on the infant’s trustee, guardian, curator or committee, or on the infant’s executors or administrators, be assessable on the parent, or, in the appropriate cases, on the parent’s trustee, guardian, curator or committee, or on the parent's executors or administrators.

(8) This section shall have effect for the year 1969-70 and subsequent years of assessment

16.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) relief from tax under section 219 of the Income Tax

Act 1952 shall be granted in respect of the premiums payable under a policy of life insurance only if the policy is a qualifying policy within the meaning of Part I of Schedule 9 to this Act;

(b) Part II of that Schedule shall have effect for the purpose

of imposing, in the manner and to the extent therein provided, charges to surtax and to tax under section 77 of the Finance Act 1965 (shortfall in distributions of close company) in respect of gains to be treated in accordance with that Part as arising in connection with policies of life insurance, contracts for life annuities, and capital redemption policies; and

Life policies, life annuity contracts, and capital redemption policies.

Finance Act 1968 Ch. 44

(c) section 241 of the said Act of 1952 (no surtax deduction for interest etc. on loans used to pay premiums) shall be amended as follows—

(i) subsection (3 )(d) of that section (exemption where annual premiums do not exceed one-eighth of capital sum payable on death) shall not apply to any interest or other sum unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the Board that it is exceptional for the individual in question to apply borrowed money to or towards the payment of premiums to which that provision applies, and that no such money has been so applied by him in any of the three years of assessment immediately preceding that in which he so applies the money on or in respect of which the interest or other sum in question is payable, and

(ii) subsection (3)(e) of that section (exemption for interest etc. not exceeding £100 in the case of other premiums each of which is one of a series of equal premiums payable at equal intervals of not more than one year) shall have effect without the exclusion of premiums falling within the said subsection (3)(d), and, in the case of premiums payable under a qualifying policy within the meaning of Part I of the said Schedule 9, with the omission of the words from " each of which " to " one year

(2) The supplementary provisions contained in Part III of the said Schedule 9 shall also have effect.

(3) Nothing in this section or the said Schedule 9 shall apply—

(a) to any policy of life insurance having as its sole object

the provision on an individual’s death or disability of a sum substantially the same as any amount then outstanding under a mortgage of his residence, or of any premises occupied by him for the purposes of a business, being a mortgage the principal amount secured by which is repayable by instalments payable annually or at shorter regular intervals, or

(b) to any policy of life insurance issued in connection with

a sponsored superannuation scheme as defined in section 22(10) of the Finance Act 1956, if one-half at least of the cost of the scheme is borne by the person or persons under whom the relevant offices or employments are held.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland, for the reference to a mortgage there shall be substituted a reference to a

1023 Part II

1956 c. 54.

1024

Part II 1924 c. 27.

1956 c. 54.

1952 c. 10.

Small

maintenance payments. 1952 c. 10.

Ch. 44 Finance Act 1968

heritable security within the meaning of the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act 1924 (but including a security constituted by ex facie absolute disposition or assignation).

(4) In this section and the said Schedule 9 "life annuity" means any annuity to which section 27 of the Finance Act 1956 applies, and " capital redemption policy " means any insurance effected in the course of a capital redemption business as defined in section 431(3) of the Income Tax Act 1952.

(5) Paragraphs (a) and (c) of subsection (1) above shall have effect for the year 1967-68 and subsequent years of assessment, but, in the case of paragraph (a), only as respects policies of life insurance issued in respect of insurances made after 19th March 1968, and, in the case of paragraph (c), only as respects interest on, and other sums payable in respect of, money borrowed after that date; and paragraph (b) of that subsection shall have effect for the year 1968-69 and subsequent years of assessment, but only as respects policies of life insurance issued as aforesaid, contracts for life annuities entered into after the said 19th March, and capital redemption policies effected after that date.

(6) A policy of life insurance issued in respect of an insurance made on or before 19th March 1968 shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (5) above and the said Schedule 9 as issued in respect of one made after that date if it is varied after that date so as to increase the benefits secured or to extend the term of the insurance:

Provided that a variation effected before the end of the year 1968 shall be disregarded for the purposes of this subsection if its only effect is to bring into conformity with paragraph 2 of that Schedule (qualifying conditions for endowment policies) a policy previously conforming therewith except as respects the amount guaranteed on death, and no increase is made in the premiums payable under the policy.

17.—(1) In section 205(l)(i) of the Income Tax Act 1952 (definition of small maintenance payments) for the words from ‘ to be made weekly * to * subsection (3) of this section * there shall be substituted die words * to be made—

(A) weekly at a rate not exceeding £7 10s. Od. per week, or

(B) monthly at a rate not exceeding £32 10s. Od. per month \

(2) Subsection (1) above shall not affect payments falling due before 6th April 1969 under an order made before the coming into force of this section:

Provided that where an order so made is varied or revived at any time after the coming into force of this section, subsection (1) above shall apply in relation to payments falling due under the order after that time.

Dig . y

Finance Act 1968

Ch. 44

1025

(3) Where a court makes an order in consequence of which part n payments falling due under a previous order which is not already

a small maintenance order within the meaning of the said section 205 will be treated as small maintenance payments within the meaning of that section by virtue of the proviso to subsection (2) above, the court shall furnish to the Board, in such form as the Board may prescribe, particulars of those orders, the names of the persons for the time being liable to make, and entitled to, those payments and, so far as known to the court, the addresses of those persons.

(4) The Treasury may from time to time by order increase the amount of £7 10s. Od. and the amount of £32 10s. Od. in the said section 205(l)(i) either as respects payments within paragraph (a) of the said subsection (1) (payments to a person who is or has been a party to a marriage), or as respects payments within paragraph (b) of that subsection (payments for children), or as respects both.

(5) An order which increases, or further increases, the said amount of £7 10s. Od. for a class of payments shall increase, or further increase, the amount of £32 10s. Od. for that class of payments so that it is 52 twelfths of the weekly amount or, if that does not give a convenient round sum, such other amount as appears to the Treasury to be the nearest convenient round sum.

(6) An order under subsection (4) above may contain provisions corresponding to subsections (2) and (3) above so as to postpone the effect of the order under this section in relation to payments under court orders made before the coming into force, for other purposes, of the order under this section.

(7) An order under subsection (4) above shall be made by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(8) Section 205(3) of the Income Tax Act 1952 and section 1952 c. 10. 40(l)(c) of the Finance Act 1960 (which are superseded by this i960 c. 44. section) shall cease to have effect, so however that the repeal thereof shall not affect payments in relation to which subsection

(1) of this section is excluded by subsection (2) of this section.

(9) This section shall come into force on the passing of this Act.

18.—(1) Where any trade, profession or vocation the profits Cash basis, or gains of which are chargeable to tax under Case I or Case II etc.: post-of Schedule D has been permanently discontinued, and the^JJJ profits or gains for any period before the discontinuance were rS»jpts.r computed on a conventional basis (that is to say, were computed

2 K

1026

Ch. 44

Finance Act 1968

Part II otherwise than by reference to earnings), tax shall be charged under Case VI of Schedule D in respect of sums to which this subsection applies which are received on or after the discontinuance.

This subsection applies to all sums arising from the carrying on of the trade, profession or vocation during any period before the discontinuance (not being sums otherwise chargeable to tax) in so far as their amount or value was not brought into account in computing the profits or gains for any period before the discontinuance.

(2) Where, in the case of any trade, profession or vocation the profits or gaihs of which are chargeable to tax under Case I or Case II of Schedule D there has been—

(a) a change from a conventional basis to the earnings

basis, or

(b) a change of conventional basis which may result in

receipts dropping out of computation,

tax shall be charged under Case VI of Schedule D in respect of sums to which this subsection applies which are received after the change, and before the trade, profession or vocation is permanently discontinued.

This subsection applies to all sums arising from the carrying on of the trade, profession or vocation during any period before the change (not being sums otherwise chargeable to tax) in so far as their amount or value was not brought into account in computing the profits or gains for any period.

(3) Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing and giving effect to this and the next following section, and in that Schedule "the principal section*' means this section.

(4) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to sums to which 1960 c. 44 section 32 of the Finance Act 1960 (post-cessation receipts)

applies despite the words " (not being sums otherwise chargeable to tax) " in subsection (2) of the said section 32, and shall not apply to sums to which the said section 32 would have applied but for paragraphs ( )and ( ) of subsection (3) of that section (non-residents and copyright).

(5) For the purposes of this and the next following section and the said Schedule—

(a) " by reference to earnings " shall be construed in

accordance with section 32(5) of the Finance Act 1960, and "earnings basis" shall be construed accordingly,

(b) "conventional basis" has the meaning given by sub-

section (1) above, so that profits or gains are computed on a conventional basis if computed otherwise than by reference to earnings.

_ .

Finance Act 1968 Ch. 44

(c) there is a change from a conventional basis to the earnings basis at the end of a period the profits or gains of which were computed on a conventional basis if the profits or gains of the next succeeding period are computed by reference to earnings,

(i d)if the profits or gains of two successive periods are

computed on different conventional bases, a change of conventional basis occurs at the end of the earlier period.

(6) For the said purposes any reference to the permanent discontinuance of a trade, profession or vocation includes a reference to the occurring of any event which, under any of the provisions in the Income Tax Acts or the Corporation Tax Acts, is to be treated as equivalent to the permanent discontinuance of a trade, profession or vocation; and the trade, profession or vocation carried on before a permanent discontinuance shall not be treated for those purposes as the same as any carried on after the discontinuance.

(7) Subsection (1) above shall not apply where the permanent discontinuance fell before 19th March 1968, but, subject to that, has effect as respects sums received at any time on or after that date, whether before or after the passing of this Act, and as respects income tax or corporation tax for years of assessment from the year 1967-68 onwards or any accounting period ending on or after 19th March 1968.

(8) Subsection (2) above shall not apply where the change took place before 19th March 1968 and before that date—

(a) the decision had been taken to prepare accounts reflecting the change, or

(h) the trade, profession or vocation had been permanently discontinued,

but, subject to that, has effect as respects sums received at any time before or after that date, and as respects income tax or corporation tax for any past or future year of assessment or accounting period.

19.—(1) If an individual born before 6th April 1917, or the personal representative of such an individual, is chargeable to tax under the last preceding section and—

(a) the individual was engaged in carrying on the trade,

profession or vocation on 18th March 1968, and

(b) the profits or gains of the trade, profession or vocation

were not computed by reference to earnings in the period in which the said 18th March fell, or in any subsequent period ending before or with the relevant date.

1027

V

Part II

Cash basis, etc.: relief for individuals.

2 K 2

